1	Bush ups ante on Iran, N Korea  SANTIAGO, NOVEMBER 21: US President George W. Bush increased the administrations pressure on Iran on Saturday, saying that there were indications that the country was speeding forward in the production of a key ingredient for nuclear weapons fuel, a 	0
3	Snow to Remain as Treasury Secretary   WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Bush asked Treasury  Secretary John Snow to stay in his job on Wednesday and Snow  agreed to do so, ending a frenzy of speculation that the  65-year former railroad executive was about to be replaced.	0
1	Kerry Lays Out Economic Plan in Detroit  Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry visited downtown Detroit Wednesday morning, where he presented his four-point economic plan for the future.	1
1	Clinton May Campaign For Kerry  When Vice President Al Gore was facing down George W. Bush in Campaign 2000, he did his best to try to stand on his own - distancing himself from his boss, then-President Clinton.	0 1
1	Bush campaign to base ad on Kerry terror quote  President Bush #39;s campaign announced Sunday its plans to use as the basis of a new commercial a quote from an 8,000-word New York Times Magazine article about Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry.	0 1
0	Blair:  #39;Doing everything #39;  London - Prime Minister Tony Blair is doing  quot;everything he possibly can quot; to save the British engineer kidnapped in Iraq, Blair #39;s deputy said on Tuesday as the hostage #39;s family took encouragement from an offer of help by Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat.	2 3
0	Powell Meets with Middle East Leaders  CBN.com - (CBN News) -ERUSALEM  -h the death of Yasser Arafat behind them, the Palestinians and Israelis are now facing an historic opportunity to move forward in peace.	2
0	At APEC, Bush to Work on North Korea, Iran  President Bush plans to seek support from China and other key allies at the Asia-Pacific summit to help resurrect talks with North Korea over its nuclear weapons program, White House officials said on Friday.	0
1	Bush meeting with Cabinet  With re-election behind him, President Bush was meeting Thursday with his Cabinet and he was likely to discuss the agenda for his second term.	0
0	Despite Bush Win, Goss Faces Uncertainty (AP)  AP - President Bush's election victory means job security for someone else: CIA Director Porter Goss. A loyal Republican congressman from Florida, Goss was Bush's last major nomination before the election. Goss, 65, took over the Central Intelligence Agency in late September, with the knowledge that he could be out of work if Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry won.	0 1
0	Bush Cites Doubt America Can Win War on Terror  President Bush's statement was a departure from his previous optimistic statements that the U.S. would eventually prevail.	0
3	The bullish case for Kerry  Market participants may think they #39;d prefer a Bush win, but Kerry might be better in the long run. By Alexandra Twin, CNN/Money staff writer.	1
0	House OKs Bill on 9/11 Recommendations  WASHINGTON - House Republican leaders on Friday easily pushed through sweeping new law enforcement powers as part of a Sept. 11 anti-terrorism package, but the House now must negotiate a truce with the Senate on those measures to get President Bush's signature before the elections...	0
0	Democrats Question Kerry's Campaign Funds  Democratic Party leaders said Wednesday they want to know why Sen. John Kerry ended his presidential campaign with more than  $15 million in the bank, money that could have helped Democratic candidates across the country.	1
0	Ex-Guardsman: I Contacted Kerry Campaign  AUSTIN, Texas - A retired Texas National Guard official mentioned as a possible source for disputed documents about President Bush's service in the Guard said he passed along information to a former senator working with John Kerry's campaign.    Also, a White House official said Saturday that Bush has reviewed disputed documents that purport to show he refused orders to take a physical examination in 1972 and did not recall having seen them previously...	0 1
0	Israeli Lawmakers Start New Session  JERUSALEM - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, who has alienated his right-wing Likud party with plans to withdraw from Gaza, begins a new legislative session fighting for his government's survival.    Lawmakers were scheduled to vote on two motions of no confidence Monday, the first day of Israel's winter parliamentary session...	4
0	Review Finds More Bush Military Records  WASHINGTON - Weeks after Texas National Guard officials signed an oath swearing they had turned over all of President Bush's military records, independent examiners found more than two dozen pages of previously unreleased documents about Bush.    The two retired Army lawyers went through Texas files under an agreement between the Texas Guard and The Associated Press, which sued to gain access to the files...	0
1	UK PM To Undergo Heart Surgery  London, Oct. 1 (NNN): British Prime Minister Tony Blair on Friday will undergo a minor surgery to correct heart palpitations but will be fully functioning and back at work next week, according to officials here.	3
1	Conspiracy Theories Persist on Arafat #39;s Death  The rapid decline of the 75-year-old Palestinian leader #39;s health, the refusal of his wife and authorities at the French military hospital where he died last Thursday to release his medical 	2
1	Bernie Kerik Withdraws Name from Homeland Secretary Nomination  Citing immigration problems with a former housekeeper, Bernie Kerik has asked that President Bush withdraw his name from consideration to replace Tom Ridge for the top spot at the Department of Homeland Security.	0
1	Kerry files complaint over Swift Boat ads  Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry has requested that the Federal Election Commission force Republican groups to withdraw ads attacking his military service record.	1
3	US stocks: Markets rally on Bush win; oil surge limits gains  US stocks rallied Wednesday, boosted by shares of health and defence companies that are seen benefiting from the re-election of President George W. Bush, but higher oil prices checked advances.	0
0	Nader to Hit Swing States; Kerry Improves  BOSTON - With polls showing a narrowing gap between President Bush and Sen. John Kerry, independent candidate Ralph Nader said Sunday that he planned to continue campaigning in key battleground states in the final month of the presidential election...	0 1
0	Israel Kills Hamas 'Father of the Qassam' in Gaza   GAZA (Reuters) - Hamas vowed on Friday to hit back hard for  Israel's assassination of the "Father of the Qassam" rocket, a  weapon symbolizing Palestinian militants' defiance of Prime  Minister Ariel Sharon and his plan to quit Gaza.	4
1	 #39;CSI #39; cut-in costs  CBS news has fired the producer who cut into  quot;CSI: NY quot; to report the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, the Broadcasting  amp; Cable Web site said yesterday.	2
0	Bush, Cheney Spar With Mock Debate Foes (AP)  AP - President Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney have been sparring with mock-debate partners since midsummer, getting ready for Democrats John Kerry and John Edwards.	0 1
0	Gaza Violence Dents Hopes of Middle East Peace   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  said on Monday that any peace talks with Palestinian leaders  depended on whether they could rein in militants, who killed  five Israeli soldiers in Gaza in an attack on Sunday.	4
0	Grave site for Arafat is another point of contention  When Yasser Arafat dies, the Palestinians want him to be buried in Jerusalem. But the Israelis have drawn up plans to facilitate a funeral in Gaza.	2
0	Arafat 'between life and death' but not brain dead (AFP)  AFP - A spokeswoman for Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, Leila Shahid, denied that he was brain dead, but said that the 75-year-old was  quot;between life and death quot; and in a reversible coma in his hospital near Paris.	2
0	Bush clear leader in poll (USATODAY.com)  USATODAY.com - President Bush has surged to a 13-point lead over Sen. John Kerry among likely voters, a new Gallup Poll shows. The 55-42 match-up is the first statistically significant edge either candidate has held this year.	0 1
0	Bush Pledges to Defeat Global Terrorism  WASHINGTON - President Bush marked the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks Saturday by warning of continued danger to the United States and pledging victory over international terror...	0
1	New York Art Shuttered After Bush Monkey Portrait   NEW YORK (Reuters) - A portrait of President Bush using  monkeys to form his image led to the closure of a New York art  exhibition over the weekend and anguished protests on Monday  over freedom of expression.	0
1	Moment of Decision Declared for N. Ireland  LEEDS CASTLE, England Sept. 16, 2004 - Northern Ireland #39;s rival politicians face  quot;a moment of decision quot; in their six-year struggle to forge a stable Catholic-Protestant government, Prime Minister Tony Blair 	3
1	Kerry jabs Bush over flu vaccine  John Kerry blamed President Bush yesterday for the national shortage of flu vaccine and accused him of ignoring Americans with conditions that might be helped by stem cell research.	0 1
1	Bush gives CIA director increased power  WASHINGTON -- US President George W. Bush signed executive orders yesterday designed to strengthen the CIA director #39;s power over US intelligence agencies and create a national counter-terrorism centre, responding to election-year pressure to enact changes 	0
0	Palestinian Delegation to Visit Comatose Arafat   PARIS (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat slipped deeper into a coma  overnight and his health worsened, a doctor treating him said  on Tuesday before Palestinian officials arrived at a French  military hospital for a visit Arafat's wife adamantly opposed.	2
0	Peres demands early Israeli elections  Israel #39;s opposition leader, Shimon Peres, today called for early elections that would effectively rule his party out of joining a coalition to prop up the prime minister, Ariel Sharon. 	4
0	Kerry Ad Labels Bush Politics 'Despicable' (AP)  AP - Presidential candidate John Kerry  #151; responding to a Republican group's ad that portrays the senator as soft on terrorism  #151; accused President Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney of "despicable politics" in a new commercial that the Democrat's campaign rolled out Saturday.	0 1
1	Thousands cheer Kerry, Clinton in Phila.  A trimmer and paler Bill Clinton helped rally tens of thousands of chanting John Kerry supporters downtown on Monday, less than two months after undergoing quadruple bypass heart surgery.	1
1	New CIA Dir. Goss sworn in Fri. morning  (Washington-AP) Sept. 24, 2004 - The new CIA director has been sworn in. Porter Goss was sworn in by White House chief of staff Andrew Card in an Oval Office ceremony as President Bush looked on.	0
0	British official resigns over nanny scandal  Britain #39;s top law enforcement officer, a key member of Tony Blair #39;s Cabinet, resigned Wednesday after acknowledging that his department fast-tracked a visa for his former lover #39;s nanny.	3
0	S.Korea asks US to focus on nuke crisis  South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun has telephoned newly re-elected US President George W. Bush to propose that solving the nuclear crisis involving the isolated communist North be a priority for Bush #39;s second term in office.	0
0	Israel Apologizes for Killing Egyptian Officers  The Israeli prime minister, Ariel Sharon, apologized to Egypt today after an Israeli army tank crew fired on an Egyptian patrol near the border with Gaza, killing three Egyptian police officers.	4
0	Britain doing everything for hostage release: Blair:  World News London, Sep 26 : British Prime Minister Tony Blair reiterated Sunday his government would do everything it could to win the release of a Briton taken hostage in Iraq, Xinhua reports.	3
0	Bush Mocks Kerry's Leadership Credentials  KING OF PRUSSIA, Pa. - President Bush mocked John Kerry's credentials to be commander in chief Wednesday, saying the way to bring U.S...	0 1
0	Palestinian security talks continue amid fears of unrest  Palestinians pray at the grave of leader Yasser Arafat at the Muqataa, Arafat #39;s destroyed headquarters, in the West Bank town of Ramallah Nov. 15.	2
1	The Choice on Health Care  AT THE MOMENT, the precise numbers and costs of the health care reforms proposed by President Bush and Sen. John F. Kerry are the subject of angry campaign rhetoric.	0
0	Kerry Lesbian Remark Angers Cheneys  WASHINGTON - Dick Cheney and his wife say they are angry at John Kerry for invoking their lesbian daughter during the final presidential debate. Kerry says he was just trying to say something nice about how the Cheneys have dealt with the issue and meant no offense...	1
0	Kerry Links Iraq War, U.S. Economic Woes  WASHINGTON - Democrat John Kerry sought to link the Iraq war to U.S. economic woes on Wednesday, calling President Bush's move against Baghdad a "catastrophic choice" that so far has drained  $200 billion in needed resources at home...	0 1
1	Israeli Hard-Liners Denounce Gaza Disengagement Plan  A large number of prominent Israeli hard-liners are describing Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to dismantle Jewish settlements in Gaza and a small portion of the West Bank as a  quot;crime against humanity.	4
0	Arafat #39;s health worsening, say reports  Israeli television says Palestinian President Yasser Arafat #39;s health had deteriorated. It said it was quoting Palestinian sources but gave no details.	2
0	With Report on Iraq Arms Looming, Bush Defends War  President Bush tried in advance today to deflate a report that will undercut some of his rationale for the Iraq war.	0
0	Powell push to revive Middle East roadmap  Colin Powell, the departing US Secretary of State, flies into Israel tonight to open a week of diplomacy aimed at helping to revive the Middle East peace process after Yasser Arafat #39;s death.	2
0	Israeli Cabinet Passes Gaza Bill Before Key Vote   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's cabinet  passed a bill on the nuts and bolts of pulling out of occupied  Gaza Sunday, a day before he seeks approval from Israel's  parliament for his withdrawal plan.	4
0	Bush offers sympathy to Jakarta bombing victims (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush condemns the deadly car bombing outside Australia's embassy in Jakarta and offers his sympathies to the victims' families, his chief spokesman said.	0
1	I #39;M JUST CHECKING TO SEE YOU #39;RE NOT WEARING A WIRE, JOHN MYSTERY <b>...</b>  GEORGE Bush, accused of cribbing answers via a wire during his first TV debate, seems to be checking opponent John Kerry wasn #39;t wearing one too.	1
0	Guard Supervisor Wrote to Bush's Father  WASHINGTON - The latest records to surface from President Bush's service in the Texas Air National Guard show that one commander took an unusual interest in the congressman's son during his basic training.    The officer in charge of the unit where Bush took his basic training wrote to then-Rep...	0
1	Kerry #39;s concession removes urgency to count provisional ballots  While the urgency has passed to count thousands of provisional ballots that were holding up selection of the president, Ohio election officials still need to get the ballots tallied.	1
3	Somewhere between gleam and gloom  President Bush has been saying that the US economy has ''turned the corner. quot; Democratic presidential candidate Senator John F. Kerry, in the wake of this month's poor jobs report, quipped that it was more like a U-turn.	0
0	Sharon promises cooperation with Russia to combat terrorism  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon made a telephone call to Russian President Vladimir Putin on Sunday, promising Israeli cooperation with Russia to concentrate efforts to 	4
1	Arafat calls on world to end Israeli campaign in Gaza  RAMALLAH: Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat called on the international community on Saturday to act immediately to put a stop to the criminal and racist Israeli military campaign underway in the Gaza Strip.	2
1	Israel to expand deadly offensive  PRIME Minister Ariel Sharon said yesterday Israel would expand its deadliest Gaza offensive in four years, keeping troops in the area indefinitely.	4
0	Bush Hits Back at Kerry Charge Over Explosives  President Bush broke his silence on missing explosives in Iraq, accusing John Kerry of making "wild charges."	0 1
1	Bush vows to fight for intelligence bill  President Bush said Sunday that he was  quot;disappointed quot; at Congress #39; failure to pass a bill to restructure US intelligence agencies.	0
1	In two battlegrounds, a focus on health care issues  COLUMBUS, Ohio -- The widow of Christopher Reeve urged Americans yesterday to support John F. Kerry in the presidential election because the Democrat supports expanded embryonic stem cell research, but President Bush made his own case for reelection by 	0
1	Kerik is right for Homeland Security  Bernard Kerik, the former New York police comissioner nominated by President Bush to be secretary of Homeland Security, is well-equipped to muscle the massive new department into shape.	0
0	Kerry Aide Talked to Retired Guard Officer (AP)  AP - At the behest of CBS, an adviser to John Kerry said he talked to a central figure in the controversy over President Bush's National Guard service shortly before disputed documents were released.	0 1
0	Abbas faces rough road to win over Palestinians  The straw poll at Ibrahim Amin #39;s coffeehouse was nearly unanimous, and it did not bode well for the longtime deputy of Yasser Arafat who would now become his successor.	2
1	Bush Extols Iraq Plan as UN Diplomats Seek Changes (Update6)  President George W. Bush, in his fourth annual address to the United Nations, equated the US battle with insurgents in Iraq with his approach to the global fight against terrorism.	0
1	'Fahrenheit 9/11' Set for Oct. 5 Release on DVD   LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - "Fahrenheit 9/11," Michael Moore's  documentary lambasting President Bush and the war in Iraq will  be released on DVD on Oct. 5, its distributor said on Monday.	0
0	Records don #39;t indicate cause of Arafat #39;s death   #39;Two central points remain: There is no clear diagnosis of the reason for the death; and the toxicological tests were made, and no known poison was found.	2
0	Bush Re-Election Bid Goes Against Grain (AP)  AP - President Bush is embracing troublesome topics that should be hurting him and fighting for states that should be tilting away from him in a campaign that has focused so far on character rather than issues.	0
1	Talk of debt and taxes and Social (in)Security  While he didn #39;t say  quot;read my lips, quot; President Bush #39;s statements on Thursday about the chances of increasing payroll taxes to pay for planned reforms in the Social Security system could hardly have been clearer.	0
0	The post-Arafat era began long ago  JERUSALEM Almost at the very moment that the Jordanian helicopter took off, lifting Yasser Arafat away from his prolonged siege in Ramallah, the heavens opened with a downpour.	2
0	Musharraf takes Blair into confidence  LONDON: President General Pervez Musharraf has succeeded in persuading British Prime Minister Tony Blair about the severity of Kashmir and Palestine disputes.	3
0	Arafat Admits Palestinians Made Mistakes  RAMALLAH, West Bank - Yasser Arafat acknowledged Wednesday that the Palestinian Authority has made "mistakes," but the rare admission appeared to be aimed more at deflecting criticism about his corrupt government than making real changes.    In a decade at the helm of the Palestinian Authority, Arafat has resisted attempts to get him to fight official corruption, reform the security services and relinquish some of his near-absolute powers...	2
1	Sen. backs Bush in NH  US Sen. Bill Frist, R-Tenn., echoed President Bushs condemnation of independent political advertisements during a stop at the Bush-Cheney 04 campaign office on Monday.	0
0	Bangladeshi president condoles death of Arafat  President of Bangladesh Iajuddin Ahmed Thursday condoled the demise of Palestinian President Yasser Arafat. In a message to Rawhi Fattouh, acting president of the Palestinian 	2
1	British hostage begs Blair to call off Iraq redeployment  DOHA, Qatar -- Kidnapped British aid worker Margaret Hassan begged Prime Minister Tony Blair in a video aired Friday to save her life by scrapping the planned redeployment of British troops and pulling them out of Iraq.	3
1	Pulling No Punches   quot;Let me put it plainly: The president #39;s policy in Iraq has not strengthened our national security, quot; Kerry said.  quot;It has weakened it.	1
0	Bush camp paints Kerry as terrorists' champion (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush and his allies are increasingly warning voters that Democratic White House hopeful John Kerry is undermining the war on terrorism and US-led efforts in Iraq.	0 1
0	Militant chief wounded in Israeli strike in Gaza  GAZA - A militant leader survived an Israeli missile strike on his car in Gaza on Thursday in Israel #39;s first assassination attempt in the Palestinian territories since Yasser Arafat died in a Paris hospital.	2
0	Seoul, Washington Reaffirm Dedication to Resolving Nuclear <b>...</b>  President Roh Moo-hyun and US President George W. Bush vowed to press ahead with multilateral efforts to coax North Korea to give up its nuclear ambitions.	0
0	Arafat #39;s Medical Records Given to Palestinian Authority  Yasser Arafat #39;s nephew has turned over the late Palestinian leader #39;s medical records to a committee investigating the cause of his uncle #39;s death.	2
0	Kerry, Bush Clash Over Iraq and Allawi  PHILADELPHIA - Clashing over Iraq, Sen. John Kerry said Friday that President Bush's policies made the war against terror harder to win and "let Osama bin Laden slip away." Bush chastised his Democratic rival for questioning the motives of Iraq's interim prime minister...	0 1
0	Final electoral vote count: Bush 286, Kerry 252 (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush won re-election with 286 electoral votes while Democratic challenger John Kerry amassed 252 electoral votes, according to a final tally compiled after the midwestern state of Iowa fell into the Bush column.	0 1
1	Sudan accepts Blair #39;s five-point peace plan  Sudan bowed to a five-point plan tabled by Tony Blair during talks in Khartoum yesterday, which included accepting the free movement of 3,500 African Union troops as ceasefire monitors in Darfur province.	3
1	President Is Said to Be Keeping Rumsfeld as Defense Secretary  Sticking with the senior member of his war council at a time when the United States is struggling to stabilize Iraq, President Bush has decided 	0
0	Bush Envoy Defends U.N. Against Schwarzenegger (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush's ambassador to the United Nations defended the world body on Wednesday, after California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger said the United States, not the U.N., was best for democracy.	0
1	Arafat #39;s health worsening, aides in Paris say  Speaking from France, Palestinian officials say leader Yasser Arafat took a turn for the worse late Wednesday. Citing officials who spoke on condition of anonymity, The Associated Press reports that Arafat #39;s 	2
1	Bush and Kerry Battle Over Iraq Explosives  President Bush and Sen. John Kerry battled on Wednesday over missing explosives in Iraq as they raced across vital swing states in the last days of a deadlocked White House race.	0 1
1	Mourners file past Arafat #39;s tomb  Mourners filed past Yasser Arafat #39;s tomb in Ramallah Saturday as Palestinian soldiers kept watch over what had been a chaotic scene just hours before.	2
0	Kerry, Bush Both Headed to Midwest  John Kerry on Friday prepared to deliver the first in a series of speeches that aides describe as his "closing arguments" in Milwaukee, the first stop of a daylong drive through Wisconsin. President Bush was also campaigning in the Midwest on Friday, heading to Iowa and Wisconsin after more than a weeklong swing that included stops in Missouri and Arizona for the last two debates...	0 1
0	Group's Ad Campaign Courts Black Voters (AP)  AP - A group of Democratic insiders that has spent some  #36;40 million on advertising against President Bush is rolling out new campaign commercials telling urban blacks "don't keep getting played" and accusing Bush of turning his back on them.	0
0	Bush enlists Schwarzenegger for star turn (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush was to enlist Hollywood action star turned governor Arnold Schwarzenegger in a bid to terminate Democrat John Kerry's White House hopes four days before the election.	0
3	Panel: Kerry would take new approach to tech issues  WASHINGTON - Senator John Kerry, Democratic challenger to U.S. President George Bush, would seek more government involvement on issues such as broadband adoption, cybersecurity and spam, while Bush, if re-elected, would continue to take a more market-driven approach to those issues, a panel of Washington, D.C., technology experts predicted Tuesday.	0 1
0	Hussein's Aims, Capabilities Often Differed   The administration's argument that Iraq was a grave threat even without stocks of illicit weapons and warranted a preemptive military attack centers on the answer to this question: Did Saddam Hussein intend to restart his weapons programs if the crippling U.N. sanctions were lifted? Or, as President Bush put it yesterday, "once the world looked away."	0
1	Sharon submits Gaza plan to Israeli lawmakers  Just hours after a deadly army raid on a Gaza refugee camp, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon asked Israeli lawmakers to approve his plan for a unilateral withdrawal from the disputed coastal strip.	4
1	Opposition parties begin talks for coalition Israeli Government  The opposition Labour Party in Israel has begun coalition talks with the Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Likud Party. Labour leader Shimon Peres says negotiations to establish a coalition government could be completed within a few days.	4
1	Isolated Sharon attempts to win over a party bitterly divided by <b>...</b>  In a speech continually interrupted by extreme right-wing hecklers, Ariel Sharon said yesterday that as a minister and a soldier who had fought in every Israeli war he had never taken a more difficult decision.	4
0	Arafat's Widow Retrieves Medical Records (AP)  AP - Yasser Arafat's widow took possession of the late Palestinian leader's widely sought medical records Friday, and was deciding whether to make the file public to "stop all these false ideas" of what caused his death, her lawyer said.	2
1	Crucial vote looms on Israel #39;s Gaza withdrawal  Ariel Sharon was today preparing for a crucial vote in the Israeli parliament on his plan to close all Jewish settlements in the occupied Gaza Strip.	4
1	Legislature rejects Sharon #39;s Gaza speech  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to withdraw Jewish settlers from the Gaza Strip suffered a symbolic setback on Monday when the legislature voted to reject the speech in which he raised the proposal.	4
1	Bush Navigates Transition to Second Term  Description: President Bush has asked Andrew Card to stay on as chief of staff, and that #39;s expected to help make the transition to the second term smoother.	0
3	Kerry Faults Bush for WTO Sanctions Threat  Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry on Tuesday accused the Bush administration of failing to protect American jobs from unfair foreign competition after the World 	1
0	Britain #39;s crime, terrorism chief steps down from Blair #39;s Cabinet  Britain #39;s top law-enforcement officer, a key member of Tony Blair #39;s Cabinet, resigned yesterday after acknowledging that his department fast-tracked a visa for his former lover #39;s nanny.	3
0	Timeline: Yasser Arafat  The key events in Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat's life and career.	2
0	Stage Set for Huge Anti-Bush March in New York (Reuters)  Reuters - They have protested naked, used pedal power, marched and rung bells in the days leading up to the Republican convention, but on Sunday political activists were expected to turn out in the hundreds of thousands to rally against President Bush's policies.	0
0	Democrats Say Bush Lied on Guard Service (AP)  AP - Democrats pounced on the latest revelations about President Bush's Air National Guard service Wednesday, saying newly released records show Bush shirked his duty and lied about it.	0
0	US, China leaders meet on North Korean row  SANTIAGOArmed with newly consolidated political power, US President George W. Bush and Chinese President Hu Jintao were set to discuss difficult 	0
1	Blair Returns to Downing Street after Heart Op  Prime Minster Tony Blair insisted he was absolutely fine tonight after hospital treatment for a recurring heart problem. A smiling Mr Blair returned 	3
0	U.S. Seeks to Throw Out Terror Convictions  WASHINGTON - The Justice Department is asking a judge to throw out the convictions of a suspected terror cell in Detroit because of prosecutorial misconduct, a dramatic setback for the administration's war on terror on the eve of President Bush's re-election pitch at the GOP convention.    In a late Tuesday night court filing, the department told U.S...	0
0	Ex-head of BBC blasts Blair on Iraq  The BBC continued to make news rather than merely report it as its former director launched a bitter attack on Prime Minister Tony Blair and its new chief tried to lay out a 	3
0	Bush Said to Seek Iraq, Afghanistan Aid (AP)  AP - President Bush plans to send Congress a request early next year to finance wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and operations against terrorism that could reach  #36;75 billion, congressional aides said Tuesday.	0
0	Yasser Arafats Health Deteriorates Further  Paris, Nov. 4 (NNN): Palestinian officials have said that ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s health has deteriorated further.	2
0	Caroline Kennedy tells Bush to stop invoking JFK (AFP)  AFP - Caroline Kennedy Schlossberg, daughter of the late Democratic president John Kennedy, urged Republican President George W. Bush not to invoke her father's name in his campaigning against Democratic rival John Kerry.	0 1
0	Kerry Warns Middle Class Against Bush  WASHINGTON - Massachusetts Sen. John Kerry accused President Bush on Sunday of planning a surprise second-term attempt to privatize Social Security, and forecast a "disaster for America's middle class." Republican party chairman Ed Gillespie called the charge "just flat inaccurate."   The clash erupted as Kerry and his running mate both appealed to Florida voters to cast their ballots as early as Monday under the state's early voting program...	0 1
0	Bush seeks to mend ties to Canada  Working to mend the frayed relations between their countries, President Bush and Prime Minister Paul Martin of Canada sought to project a unified front 	0
1	Bush, Kerry clash in style, substance  It was a tale of two debates as President Bush and John Kerry met in their second high-stakes encounter Friday night. For the evenings first half, a 	0 1
0	UK rules out hostage negotiations  Britain says it will not bargain with Iraqi militants holding a UK man, after he made a video plea to Tony Blair.	3
1	US TV Network Says It Made Mistake Using Bush Guard Service <b>...</b>  The US television network CBS says it cannot prove the authenticity of documents it used in a report questioning President Bush #39;s service in the National Guard during the Vietnam war.	0
0	Threatment of Arafat continues in Paris  Doctors in France treating the Palestinian leader, Yassar Arafat, have told him that it will be several days before they know exactly what is wrong with him.	2
0	Bush, Kerry Press for Women's Votes (AP)  AP - Elizabeth Burnosky is a registered Democrat who voted for President Bush in 2000, opposes his policy on Iraq and calls Sen. John Kerry "a little wussy boy." There may be no greater commodity in presidential politics than a voter like Burnosky  #151; an undecided woman with no firm party allegiance.	0 1
0	Blair to Press on Climate Change, Challenge Bush (Reuters)  Reuters - Britain's Tony Blair will make an uncompromising speech on climate change on Tuesday, urging the world to act in concert and pressing Washington to change its stance.	3
0	Voters Voice Support and Frustration (AP)  AP - Debating for 90 minutes about war, homeland security and taxes, President Bush and Sen. John Kerry each argued Friday that he is better suited to run the country. Associated Press writers watched the debate with voters across the country.	0 1
1	Sharon considers Labour alliance  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Likud party has agreed to a possible alliance with the opposition Labour group. The vote averts a snap election and strengthens Mr Sharon #39;s controversial Gaza withdrawal plan.	4
0	Abbas Calls for End of Armed Uprising  The armed uprising against Israel is a mistake and must end, interim Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas said in an interview published Tuesday, signaling his determination to change direction after Yasser Arafat's death.	2
1	Profile: Carlos Gutierrez  President Bush has nominated Kellogg CEO Carlos Gutierrez as the new commerce secretary. (AP Graphics). Nov. 29, 2004 -- From selling Frosted Flakes to small stores in Mexico City to a nomination as secretary 	0
1	Sharon grapples to save Israeli government  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is desperately trying to save his government after he sacked his main coalition partner yesterday.	4
0	Bush Gains, but Not With Swing Voters (AP)  AP - President Bush has been gaining ground among overall voters as a leader and the man to fight terrorism, but swing voters have been less impressed, a tracking poll suggests.	0
1	Papers: Bush Piloted Guard Training Jets  George W. Bush began flying a two-seat jet especially designed for training purposes more frequently in the weeks just before he quit flying for the Texas Air National Guard 	0
0	US security depends on policy, not Bush or Kerry: bin Laden tape (AFP)  AFP - Al-Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden told the American people that their security is not in the hands of either George W. Bush or his Democratic challenger John Kerry, but depends on US policy, in a video aired by Al-Jazeera TV.	0 1
0	Allawi insists Iraqi elections will go ahead and dismisses fears <b>...</b>  Iraq is determined to press ahead with elections in January, its interim Prime Minister said yesterday, despite the upsurge in violence that has led Tony Blair to talk about a  quot;second quot; conflict in the country.	3
1	In postmortem on Kerry bid, Dems seek clues to new life  Even before Sen. John Kerry took the stage of Fanueil Hall in Boston to give his concession speech, Democrats had begun soul-searching.	1
0	Bush Wins New Mexico by 5,988 Votes (AP)  AP - Three weeks after the general election, New Mexico's canvassing board officially declared President Bush the winner by 5,988 votes, or less than 1 percentage point.	0
0	Jovial Bush tries for fresh start with Canadians  President George W. Bush stopped for a day of neighbourly diplomacy in Canada yesterday. He thanked those  quot;Canadian people who came out to wave - with all five fingers quot; along his route into Ottawa.	0
0	In Close Race, a Fastidious Hunt for Votes (AP)  AP - President Bush's re-election campaign advertises on a health club network to catch busy professionals watching TV from a treadmill while a Republican group appeals to blacks who traditionally support Democrats with ads that call John Kerry's wife "elitist, rich and white."	0 1
0	Eitam: Disengagement plan is dangerous  Speaking in the Knesset plenum ahead of Tuesday night #39;s crucial vote on the disengagement plan, NRP Chairman Efit Eitam challenged Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  quot;to do the honorable thing and go home.	4
0	Bush Pardons Two Thanksgiving Turkeys (AP)  AP - President Bush used the annual Thanksgiving turkey- pardoning rite Wednesday to roast the bitter campaign for the White House, jokingly recalling fund-raising disputes, attack ads and a polarizing political movie. "Now's the time for healing," he said, as he ceremonially spared two birds.	0
1	Polls Show a Mixed Bag  If you live and die by the polls and you are a John Kerry supporter youve probably had a few near death experiences of late. Very few polls have shown John Kerry leading in the 2004 presidential race, and 	1
0	Blair lobbies Bush on global warming  Tony Blair has been lobbying for George Bush #39;s support for a new international treaty on global warming. On Thursday The Times claimed that Downing Street had confirmed the prime minister had held  quot;lengthy 	0 3
1	Brother of UK hostage urges Blair to plead for hostage release  Paul Bigley, brother of Kenneth Bigley who is being held hostage by militants in Iraq, called on British Prime Minister Tony Blair Monday to step up efforts to win the release 	3
0	Bush Pardons Turkeys After 'Tough Contest' (AP)  AP - The race was close, tough, sometimes bitter, but "now's the time for healing," President Bush said in sparing the lives of two White House turkeys.	0
1	Bush Leads Kerry by 5 Percentage Points, ABC-Post Poll Finds  President George W. Bush leads Democratic challenger John Kerry by 5 percentage points, according to a national poll conducted for ABC News and the Washington Post.	0 1
0	Gaza Violence Dents Hopes of Middle East Peace   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  said on Monday that any peace talks with Palestinian leaders  depended on whether they could rein in militants, who killed  five Israeli soldiers in Gaza in an attack on Sunday.	4
0	Arafat hopes for US  #39;policy of peace #39;  PARIS Yasser Arafat, the Palestinian leader, who is having medical tests in a French military hospital, hopes that President George W. Bush will adopt a new  quot;policy of peace quot; in the Middle East, an aide said Wednesday.	0 2
2	GRID OMEN SAYS DEMS WIN  November 1, 2004 -- Who would think the outcome of a football game could mean so much to the race for the White House? But that #39;s what John Kerry was saying yesterday after the Washington Redskins took a beating at the hands of the Green Bay Packers.	1
1	NATIONAL GUARD ASSOCIATION: Bush:  #39;America is safer #39;  On his second visit to Las Vegas in as many months, President Bush on Tuesday vigorously defended the war in Iraq, telling a National Guard convention that  quot;America is safer because of your service quot; and warning against changing leadership this election 	0
0	UN AIDS envoy urges Blair to make G8 do more for Africa (AFP)  AFP - The United Nations envoy on AIDS urged Prime Minister Tony Blair to persuade the world's richest countries to provide more funds to step up treatment of the disease in Africa.	3
0	Israeli parties can join government  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on Thursday won permission from his conservative Likud Party to invite the left-leaning Labor Party and smaller religious parties into 	4
1	Gunfire Greets Arafat #39;s Coffin Upon Arrival in Ramallah  Volleys of gunfire greeted a military helicopter carrying Yasser Arafat #39;s coffin as it landed Friday at the late Palestinian leader #39;s West Bank compound, which has been overrun by tens of thousands of mourners.	2
1	Bush Again Confuses IDs of Two Terrorists  WASHINGTON - President Bush might have been able to say it was simply a slip of the tongue when he confused two terrorists in a campaign speech Monday in New Hampshire. Trouble is, he's made the same misstatement at least 10 times before...	0
1	Moore #39;s planned TV broadcast of  #39;Fahrenheit 9/11 #39; an Oscar gamble  Michael Moore plans to televise  quot;Fahrenheit 9/11 quot; before the November election, a move he hopes will help tip votes against President Bush and bolster the film #39;s chances for a best picture Oscar.	0
1	Bin Laden #39;s Target: US Wallet  CHICAGO (CBS) In rhetoric similar to critical US campaign headlines, Osama bin Laden accused President Bush of going to war for Iraq #39;s oil, and said the American people would be the losers.	0
0	US Support for Settlements Undermines Road Map  MUSCAT, 31 August 2004 - It was expected that Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon would surprise the world with a decision to expand the settlements by building more housing units in the West Bank.	4
0	Sharon Pledges to Proceed With Withdrawal  JERUSALEM Aug. 19, 2004  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Thursday that he would push ahead with a withdrawal from the Gaza Strip, despite a stinging setback to the plan from his Likud Party. 	4
1	A Blistering Attack by Bush, a Long Indictment by Kerry  Under blistering attack on national security, Senator John Kerry on Wednesday issued a lengthy indictment of President Bush #39;s handling of terrorism 	0 1
1	Sharon ejects his main political ally  JERUSALEM -- Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s ruling coalition was in tatters Wednesday night after he tossed his main political partner out of the government for defying him on a key budget measure.	4
1	Bush, Kerry Mangle Facts on Taxes, Jobs  In their second debate, President Bush claimed a boost in the child tax credit twice as high as he achieved, Democratic challenger John Kerry cited job losses twice as bad as the reality and Bush said twice as many small businesses face higher taxes under 	0 1
1	George W. Bush wins again  Early yesterday afternoon Washington time - it was early evening here - John Kerry conceded defeat in the US presidential election and George W. Bush was confirmed President.	0 1
0	Annan protests Fallujah strategy  UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan, who recently angered the United States by calling the war in Iraq  quot;illegal, quot; has weighed in again with a letter to President Bush, British Prime Minister 	0
0	N. Korea calls Bush  quot;human trash quot;  North Korea has hurled invective at US President George W. Bush for a second day, calling him a political idiot and human trash, and has said six-party talks on Pyongyang #39;s nuclear ambitions appear doomed.	0
1	Bush urged to get to grips with cybersecurity  A cybersecurity group yesterday called on US President George Bush to invest more in IT issues and to make the top IT security job a bigger posting.	0
0	Israel opts for low profile in Arafat burial  SuIsrael said it would let the Palestinians bury their leader Yasser Arafat at the Muqata, the cramped bombed building in the West Bank town of Ramallah that has served as his headquarters in recent years.	2
1	Kerry #39;s slip in polls not likely to last  Washington - Just days before the Republican National Convention, the race between President Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry remains a toss-up amid signs that a controversy over Kerry #39;s Vietnam service has hurt the Democrat, but not 	0 1
0	Arafat recovering, his aides say  CLAMART, France Yasser Arafat is gradually recovering from serious illness after a weekend of treatment and tests at a French military hospital, Palestinian officials said Monday.	2
1	Down to the Wire  The Endgame: In the last weeks, Rove felt  #39;emotional stress #39; about getting out the vote for Bush. And where was the  #39;Comeback Kerry #39; of campaign legend?	0
0	Bush Says He's Best Protection From Draft  DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. - President Bush turned the tables Saturday on Sen...	0
0	Academia Still Fixated on John Kerry (AP)  AP - John Kerry conceded defeat more than two weeks ago, and President Bush has already revamped his Cabinet. But as states certify final election returns, an academic debate over their accuracy is heating up.	0 1
0	Bush lifts economic sanctions on Libya (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush removed most economic sanctions on Libya, clearing the way for huge compensation payments to the families of victims of the 1988 Lockerbie bombing.	0
0	Palestinian Leaders to Transfer Arafat Powers   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian leaders  prepared on Thursday to transfer President Yasser Arafat's  powers to three key figures who will take on the most important  roles he held, officials said.	2
1	Palestinian state shelved  #39;with US blessing #39;  Ariel Sharon #39;s chief of staff has said the aim of Israel #39;s Gaza withdrawal plan is to rule out a Palestinian state indefinitely.	4
1	Abbas close shave in Gaza gunbattle  GAZA, NOVEMBER 14: Palestinian militants burst into a mourning tent set up for Yasser Arafat on Sunday and fired shots in protest at the presence of moderate successor Mahmoud Abbas, who was unhurt in a clash in which two security men were killed.	2
0	Israel's Sharon Says Could Coordinate Gaza Pullout   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  said on Tuesday that he would consider coordinating a pullout  from the Gaza Strip with a new Palestinian leadership if it  curbed attacks on Israelis.	4
0	Arafat nephew set to pick up medical chart  PARIS - Nasser al-Kidwa, nephew of the deceased Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, arrived in Paris from Cairo Sunday to pick up a copy of Arafat #39;s medical records.	2
0	Blair offers no apologies on Iraq war  Brighton, England - Prime Minister Tony Blair said Tuesday he would not apologize for the Iraq war, as he linked the future of Iraq to Britain #39;s national security.	3
0	More Battles Likely on Bush Judge Picks (AP)  AP - In a psychological war of words, Senate Republicans are issuing only slightly veiled threats against their Democratic counterparts if the minority party resuscitates its penchant for blocking President Bush's choices for federal judgeships.	0
0	Losses and Lessons for Bush and Kerry (Los Angeles Times)  Los Angeles Times - They lost at politics at an early age. Since then, they've rarely made the same campaign mistakes twice.	0
0	Bush admits Iraq 'miscalculation'  US President George W Bush admits for the first time miscalculating conditions in post-war Iraq.	0
0	Bush Tours Florida Destruction (AP)  AP - Marine One flew low over destroyed homes, downed power lines and uprooted trees Sunday, giving President Bush a bird's eye view of the destruction caused by Hurricane Charley.	0
1	Sharon: Gaza Plan Only Way to Security  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon opened a stormy debate in parliament Monday with a passionate appeal to lawmakers to support his Gaza withdrawal plan - which has divided the country 	4
0	Bush to star in final ad, assails Kerry (AFP)  AFP - Campaigning in a state he lost by the narrowest of margins, US President George W. Bush accused Democratic rival John Kerry of not being serious about taking on Iraq's most wanted man.	0 1
0	Powell arrives in Middle East for talks  Secretary of State Colin Powell arrived in Israel late Sunday for his first direct talks with Israeli and Palestinian officials since the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat on November 11.	2
0	Conspiracy Theories Persist on Arafat #39;s Death  The rapid decline of the 75-year-old Palestinian leader #39;s health, the refusal of his wife and authorities at the French military hospital where he died last Thursday to release his medical 	2
0	Kerry Courts Black Voters at Church Stops (AP)  AP - With just three Sundays left before Election Day, Sen. John Kerry is asking for all the help he can get from black voters and the Almighty.	1
0	Containing self-righteous US behavior  At this point it appears that the US presidential election will remain a neck-and-neck race right down to the wire; however, it is interesting that both President George W Bush and Senator John Kerry share the same fundamental beliefs about America #39;s role 	1
1	Bush names Gonzales attorney general  President Bush yesterday nominated White House Counsel Alberto Gonzales, a son of migrant workers, to succeed Attorney General John Ashcroft as head of the Justice Department 	0
0	Sharon out to save Gaza pullout plan  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has launched new efforts to widen his shaky coalition after a stinging setback in parliament that complicated his plan to withdraw from some occupied territory.	4
1	Abraham Leaving Energy Department  Spencer Abraham joined the exodus from President Bush #39;s Cabinet yesterday, submitting his resignation as energy secretary after four years of running a department that faced a series of high-profile challenges.	0
0	Obama Balances Stardom, Local Interests (AP)  AP - In the days since he was elected to the U.S. Senate, Barack Obama has chatted by phone with President Bush, had his picture in People magazine and appeared several times on national television.	0
1	Arafat #39;s nephew not ruling out poison as cause of death  While Yasser Arafat #39;s nephew says toxicology tests on his uncle show no poisons were found in his system, Arafat #39;s nephew isn #39;t ruling that out as a cause of death.	2
1	Condoleezza Rice has surgery  A White House official said Condoleezza Rice has undergone successful surgery at a Washington hospital. President Bush #39;s choice to be the next secretary of state was treated for noncancerous growths in her uterus.	0
0	Palestinian leaders will visit Arafat  Palestinian leaders have confirmed that they will fly to Paris to see Yasser Arafat, despite the ailing President #39;s wife accusing them of trying to steal his powers.	2
1	Iraq Dogs Blair as Party Conference Starts  Iraq overshadowed the start of Tony Blair #39;s Labour Party conference on Sunday despite the prime minister #39;s efforts to turn attention to the domestic agenda ahead of a general election expected next year.	3
0	Mideast May Again Become Major U.S. Issue (AP)  AP - When President Bush and John Kerry talk about Mideast policy, they say little except to commit themselves to Israel's security. The rivals seem likely to say little more until one of them occupies the White House next year.	0 1
0	PLO FENCE-MENDING TOUR STOPS IN LEBANON  The new Palestinian leadership continued its efforts to patch up estranged relations with Arab regimes in the wake of Yasser Arafat #39;s death, with PLO chairman Mahmud Abbas and Palestinian Authority Prime Minister Ahmed Qurei receiving a cautious welcome 	2
0	Barghouti Backs Abbas in Palestinian Race (AP)  AP - Jailed Palestinian uprising leader Marwan Barghouti dropped out of the race to replace Yasser Arafat on Friday, agreeing to support the candidacy of interim leader Mahmoud Abbas in a move intended to head off a split in the ruling Fatah movement.	2
1	Bush and Sharon Play to Their Galleries on Settlement Growth  Bush administration officials say the US could agree to some new Israeli settlement construction on the West Bank, provided it does step outside the boundaries of existing locations - a departure from the freeze demanded till now.	0
3	Bush to Replace Treasury's Snow -NY Times (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush plans to replace John Snow as U.S. Treasury Secretary and possible successors include Andrew Card, currently the White House chief of staff, the New York Times reported Monday.	0
0	No negotiation and no retreat, vows Bush  When it came, the statement broadcast by the al-Jazeera Arabic news channel from Qatar was as chilling as it was ghoulish: A second American captive, Jack Hensley, 48, had 	0
1	Arafat Relative Attacked, Escapes Unhurt  Moussa Arafat talks to the media after being appointed the head of the national security forces for the West Bank and Gaza, at his office in Gaza City, in this Saturday July 17, 2004 file photo.	2
1	Kerry for president  W hen George W. Bush entered the White House in 2001, he and his team moved quickly to push government hard to the right. This effort came even though Bush campaigned as a moderate and his narrow, contested 	0 1
0	ECU professors: Arafat #39;s death unlikely to bring major change  While Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat lingers in a coma, the world contemplates what his death will mean to the Middle East #39;s future.	2
0	Click for bigger image: Ken Bigley breaks down in tears on the <b>...</b>  The wife of British hostage Ken Bigley has pleaded with Tony Blair to help save her husband #39;s life.  quot;Tony Blair could help him hugely, quot; said Sombat Bigley.	3
1	Bush Says Kerry  #39;More Heroic #39; for Going to Vietnam  President Bush on Saturday described John Kerry #39;s tour of duty in Vietnam as more heroic than his own service in the Air National Guard, saying his Democratic rival had been  quot;in harm #39;s way.	0 1
1	Carter hopes for new peace talks in wake of Arafat #39;s death  ATLANTA Former President Jimmy Carter is expressing hope for new Middle East peace efforts in the wake of Yasser Arafat #39;s death.	2
1	Voting gets under way in tight race  Americans started voting in federal and state elections on today, with President George W Bush and Senator John Kerry locked in a neck-and-neck battle for the White House.	1
0	Kerry Questions Bush's Honesty on Health Care, Iraq (Reuters)  Reuters - Democratic candidate John Kerry on Tuesday sought the upper hand in his battle over character and leadership with President Bush, by questioning his Republican rival's honesty on issues from health care to Iraq.	0 1
3	Convention Confetti Covered in Bush Images  President Bush will literally rain down on Republican National Convention delegates Thursday night after he accepts their nomination for a second term.	0
1	3 Doors Down, Macy Gray Among Inaugural Performers (Reuters)  Reuters - With the Jan. 20 inauguration of President Bush, visitors to the capital won't be able to swing a cat next week without hitting a ball or party.	0
0	Bush defends Iraq invasion at UN  MARK COLVIN: The United States President, George Bush, has been defending his invasion of Iraq before the UN General Assembly. The President, who #39;s been making speeches recently to wildly cheering supporters 	0
0	Blair Faces Growing Revolt From Lawmakers (AP)  AP - Prime Minister Tony Blair faced a revolt by lawmakers Wednesday over a U.S. request to redeploy some British troops closer to Baghdad.	3
0	Arafat heir calls time on armed struggle  Mahmoud Abbas, the acting Palestinian leader, called on his people to drop their weapons in the struggle for a state. His stance marks a clear change of strategy for peace with Israel after the death of Yasser Arafat last month.	2
1	Bush outlines second-term goals  WASHINGTON - President Bush tried to make the case for an election mandate Thursday, holding a news conference to discuss his goals for his next term.	0
0	Bush Scraps U.S. Trade Embargo on Libya in WMD Reward (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush on Monday formally ended the U.S. trade embargo on Libya to reward it for giving up weapons of mass destruction but left in place some U.S. terrorism-related sanctions.	0
0	Israel Kills Hamas 'Father of the Qassam' in Gaza   GAZA (Reuters) - Hamas vowed on Friday to hit back hard for  Israel's assassination of the "Father of the Qassam" rocket, a  weapon symbolizing Palestinian militants' defiance of Prime  Minister Ariel Sharon and his plan to quit Gaza.	4
1	Bush defends Iraq invasion at UN  MARK COLVIN: The United States President, George Bush, has been defending his invasion of Iraq before the UN General Assembly. The President, who #39;s been making speeches recently to wildly cheering supporters 	0
0	Abbas Calls on Palestinians to Drop Armed Struggle   GAZA (Reuters) - Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas said his  people should drop their weapons in the struggle for a state,  marking out a clear change of strategy for peace with Israel  after Yasser Arafat's death last month.	2
1	US Republicans adopt party platform  Over 2,500 Republican delegates gathering in New York adopted a party platform on the first day of a four-day national convention on Monday, touting President George W. Bush #39;s achievements over the past four years.	0
0	France says Arafat #39;s death should mark birth of Palestinian state  France stressed that the Middle East peace process has to be pushed forward in a way to establish a viable Palestinian state and make late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s dream come true.	2
0	Thompson Becomes Eighth Member of Bush Cabinet to Step Down  Tommy G. Thompson resigned today as secretary of health and human services, becoming the eighth member of President Bush's Cabinet to quit.	0
0	CIA Nominee Promises to Shed Partisanship  WASHINGTON - President Bush's nominee to head the CIA promised Tuesday to shed his political past and provide precise, objective and independent intelligence to the president and Congress. But after a 4 1/2-hour confirmation hearing, some Democrats on the Senate Intelligence Committee were not convinced...	0
1	Chirac: US does not repay favours  French President Jacques Chirac has said Tony Blair has got little in return for supporting the US over Iraq. Mr Chirac also told reporters it was difficult for the UK or anyone to be a go-between for Europe and the US.	3
0	Powell #39;s Middle East mission  COLIN Powell arrived in Israel last night for his first visit in 18 months, signalling a new push for Middle East peace following the death of the Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat.	2
1	Arafat #39;s Wife Lashes Out at Officials  Morrocan-born Badrane Lachab places a candle at the makeshift shrine for ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat in front of the Percy Military Teaching hospital in Clamart outside Paris Sunday, Nov. 7, 2004.	2
1	Palestinian Leader Yasser Arafat Dies at 75  Yasser Arafat, the leader for decades of a fight for Palestinian independence from Israel, has died at a military hospital in Paris, according to news reports.	2
0	Bush, Clinton to Lead Tsunami Fund Raising (AP)  AP - President Bush enlisted two former presidents for an ambitious private fund-raising drive for victims of the deadly tsunami on Monday, asking Americans to open their wallets to help the millions left homeless, hungry and injured.	0
1	jet was to pick up Bush Sr  Former President Bush was supposed to board a jet that crashed Monday morning outside Houston. A spokesman says the Gulfstream was supposed to take Bush to South America.	0
1	Bush Stresses Fight Against Terror in Campaign Stops Monday  With the US election campaign in its final days, President Bush, the Republican incumbent, is stepping up his attacks on his Democratic opponent, Senator John Kerry.	0
0	Bush Signs Orders for Intelligence Reform  WASHINGTON - Amid a heated election-year debate on intelligence reform, President Bush signed executive orders Friday strengthening the powers of the CIA director and establishing a new national counterterrorism center.    The moves will "improve our ability to find, track and stop terrorists," White House press secretary Scott McClellan said...	0
1	Sharon promises to help Palestinians with their election  Israeli and Palestinian officials are expected to hold low-key but direct talks on the mechanics of the January election to succeed Yasser Arafat after a promise to Washington 	2
0	Arafat Laid Base for Palestine #39;s Sovereignty  THE death of Palestinian President Yasser Arafat has been seen in parts of the West, especially the United States and Britain, as an opening to peace in the Middle East.	2
1	Battle for succession  In a recent interview with foreign reporters, Palestinian Authority Chairman Yasser Arafat was asked who would succeed him in the case of his demise.	2
0	Bush to Visit Hurricane-Stricken States  PENSACOLA, Fla. - President Bush scheduled a visit Sunday to hurricane-stricken Florida and Alabama - the third such visit for Florida - as Hurricane Ivan victims faced another day of digging through the debris for their belongings and waiting hours in lines for food and water...	0
1	Blair back home early after heart procedure  Tony Blair was yesterday recovering from a relatively minor procedure to correct his recurring abnormal heart beat. He was back at home in Downing Street hours after undergoing the treatment having been expected 	3
0	Bush Is Urged to Outline Foreign Policy Goals  President Bush faces a daunting array of challenges -- complicated by Asia's tsunami disaster -- that will be pivotal in determining how much momentum he can generate for the intensely ambitious agenda of his second term.	0
0	Britain mourns hostage murdered in Iraq  LONDON - Prime Minister Tony Blair condemned the killers of British hostage Kenneth Bigley as barbaric, and most of the victims relatives praised his handling of the crisis.	3
0	Blair's government suffers from spin, lack of open debate: Butler (AFP)  AFP - The government of British Prime Minister Tony Blair puts too much emphasis on spin and stifles political debate, Lord Robin Butler says in an interview.	3
0	Kerry Trolls GOP Strongholds in Midwest  APPLETON, Wis. - John Nusbaum voted three times to put a man named Bush in the White House...	0 1
0	U.S. Servicemen React to Bush Guard Memos  ALBANY, Ga. - Some current and retired members of the National Guard and other military services say they aren't bothered by newly revealed memos that indicate President Bush got preferential treatment in the Air National Guard during the Vietnam War, while others say they are troubling...	0
0	Bush? Kerry? It Makes No Difference to Iraqis (Reuters)  Reuters - Some see U.S. presidential challenger Senator John Kerry as an articulate war hero with credentials to lead a superpower, others are grateful President Bush toppled Saddam Hussein.	0 1
1	Burkett says CBS making him the fall guy #39;  FORT WORTH, Texas He was the man who provided documents to CBS News that questioned President Bush #39;s military service. Questions about the documents Bill Burkett provided to  quot;60 Minutes quot; eventually led CBS 	0
2	Schilling makes pitch on behalf of president  Apparently Curt Schilling doesn #39;t regret his endorsement of President Bush related, bio after all: The Sox hero has recorded automated phone calls backing Bush that will be made until Election Day.	0
0	Sharon Wins Cabinet Vote on Gaza, New Raid Mounted   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon won  cabinet backing on Sunday for a bill on the nuts and bolts of a  Gaza pullout, and hours later Israel launched a new raid in the  Palestinian territory, killing three and wounding 16.	4
0	Italy  #39;bomb find #39; after Blair trip  ROME, Italy -- Police say they have defused an explosive device near a Sardinian villa where Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi had been entertaining his British counterpart Tony Blair, news reports said. 	3
0	Arafat Stays in Coma, Row Looms Over Burial Site   PARIS (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat remained in a coma on  Friday as a row brewed over where he would be buried and  questions loomed about who might succeed him.	2
1	Mahmoud Abbas:  #39;We Can #39;t Wait #39;  Weymouth: Many say that Yasser Arafat #39;s death is a turning point in the Middle East. Do you see it that way? Abbas: Arafat was a symbolic leader for the Palestinian people.	2
0	Bush and Kerry Campaigns Harden Iraq Stances on Talk Shows  Both sides hardened their rhetoric today on a central issue, Iraq, and exchanged sharp attacks on the domestic questions.	0
1	Debate Strategies Pit Ideology vs. Ideas  Bush wants to paint domestic differences as a choice in expanding government, while Kerry will focus on his plans and Bush #39;s record.	0 1
1	Bush aide tells of link to anti-Kerry ads, quits  John Kerry #39;s service in Vietnam continued to reverberate through the presidential race Wednesday. *In Washington, Benjamin Ginsberg, a top lawyer for Bush #39;s re-election 	0 1
0	Bush, Blair See Hope for Palestinian State (AP)  AP - As Yasser Arafat was buried, President Bush raised hopes Friday for a Middle East peace and the creation of an independent Palestinian state within four years, suggesting decades of distrust and frustration could be altered by the change of Palestinian leadership.	0 2
0	Kerry Gives His Last Campaign Speech (AP)  AP - Tuesday marks a milestone for John Kerry, when the man who has often been at his best while giving a formal speech delivers the last one planned for his presidential campaign.	1
1	Sharon strikes coalition deal with Labor  On a day Israeli forces attacked targets in Gaza, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon reached agreement with the Labor Party on a national unity government -- strengthening his plan to disengage from the Palestinians.	4
0	Kerry: Bush Lets Groups Do 'Dirty Work' (AP)  AP - John Kerry fought back Thursday against campaign allegations that he exaggerated his combat record in Vietnam, accusing President Bush of using a Republican front group "to do his dirty work" and challenging Bush to debate their wartime service records.	0 1
0	Arafat mourned by some Hoosiers; others see hope  For Mohammed Sayyah, who owns a car body shop on the Northeastside, the death of Yasser Arafat was more than an item in the news. Born to Palestinian parents who fled their home under Israeli 	2
1	Kerry Does 'Top Ten' on Letterman Show (AP)  AP - Democrat John Kerry joked Monday on "The Late Show with David Letterman" about changes under President Bush's tax plan, including that Vice President Dick Cheney can claim the president as a dependent.	0 1
0	Summary Box: Sharon Party Vote (AP)  AP - WHAT HAPPENED: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's Likud Party approves inviting the dovish Labor Party into a coalition government.	4
1	Tony Blair  #39;looking healthy #39;  London - British Prime Minister Tony Blair was recovering on Saturday from successful hospital treatment to correct an irregular heartbeat, his office said.	3
0	Arafat diagnosis  #39;days away #39;  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, who doctors say may have leukaemia, was conscious and in  quot;good shape quot; at a French hospital on Friday after leaving the West Bank for the first time in more than two-and-a-half years.	2
0	Bush passes US intelligence bill  President George Bush signs into law the country's most radical overhaul of its intelligence agencies in nearly 60 years.	0
0	Voters to Judge Bush and Kerry on Foreign Policy in First Debate  It is an axiom of the two presidential campaigns that their candidates offer a stark choice about America's role in the world.	0 1
1	Georgia Man Commits Suicide at Ground Zero  ATHENS, Ga., Nov. 7 -- The Georgia man who killed himself at Ground Zero was upset about President Bush #39;s reelection -- but his biggest problem may have been his double life, a source said Sunday.	0
0	Bush Remembers 9/11 With Quiet Observance (AP)  AP - President Bush marked the "terrible events" of the Sept. 11 attacks with quiet observances of the third anniversary Saturday and a new call to arms against terrorists who might seek to harm the nation.	0
0	Arafat #39;s Health Deteriorates - Aides  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is in intensive care after his health suffered a setback at a French military hospital, Palestinian officials said.	2
0	Bullets, Tears, Hopes of Peace After Arafat's Death   LONDON (Reuters) - Firing bullets into the air and weeping,  thousands of people streamed into Palestinian streets to mourn  Yasser Arafat on Thursday while world leaders praised him as a  symbol of his people's struggle for statehood.	2
0	Amid tension, added Sharon protection  JERUSALEM -- Prime Minister Ariel Sharon made a dramatic entrance into Israel's parliament yesterday surrounded by a large phalanx of bodyguards, as security officials voiced concern for his safety before a parliamentary vote on his plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip.	4
0	Blair Flies to Sudan to Press for Darfur Peace  Britain #39;s Tony Blair flew to Khartoum on Wednesday as the most senior yet in a parade of Western government figures seeking to pressure Sudanese officials over violence in Darfur province.	3
1	Kerry slams Bush #39;s  quot;wrong quot; choices  Sen. John Kerry launched a series of blistering attacks on President Bush yesterday, saying the W in his opponent #39;s name stands for  quot;wrong .	0 1
0	Sharon Says Nothing Will Stop Gaza Plan  JERUSALEM - Facing unrelenting criticism from Jewish settlers, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Monday nothing would deter him from pushing forward with his plan to pull out of the Gaza Strip and parts of the West Bank.    Scattered fighting in Gaza, meanwhile, killed at least five Palestinian militants...	4
0	Kerry Urges Bush to Demand Attacks Stop  EAST HAMPTON, N.Y. - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry on Saturday night urged President Bush to "stand up and stop" what he called personal attacks on him over his combat record in Vietnam...	0 1
0	Kerry Ad Says Bush Lost Debate, Then Lied  WASHINGTON - John Kerry on Saturday looked to frame the next presidential debate in a specriticizing President Bush's economic record, but also tried to get in a final word about their last face-off by declaring himself the winner and Bush a liar. "George Bush lost the debate," an announcer says in a television ad Kerry's campaign unveiled Saturday...	0 1
1	Bush:  #39;The memories do not fade #39;  AMERICA remembered the victims of the September 11 atrocities yesterday in an emotional day of national mourning in which President George Bush renewed his vow to defeat global terrorism.	0
0	Suprise and Shock in North Korea! Guess Who #39;s Still in the White <b>...</b>  SEOUL, South Korea -- If I were Kim Jong Il, I #39;d quickly hop into one of those Daepodong missile silos, seal up the hatch and just hope that reelected President George W. Bush forgets that the North Korean government basically endorsed John Kerry for the 	0 1
1	Post-Arafat Gaza Sees Turmoil  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip - The air above the Gaza Strip was humid and motionless Saturday, free of the throat-burning black smoke from flaming tires that mourners had lit in sadness and anger at the death this week of Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Qorie asks France for report on Arafats death  ABU DIS, West Bank - Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qorie has formally requested that France publish the medical records of Yasser Arafat following his death last week, Qorie said on Tuesday.	2
1	First lady cops serve of Heinz  WHILE President George W. Bush and Democrat John Kerry again traded blows over Iraq and global terror, their wives stole the spotlight with a spat of their own.	0 1
0	IDF has  #39;A New Leaf #39; plan, for day after Arafat #39;s death  For the past year, the Israel Defense Forces Central Command has been working on a plan entitled  quot;A New Leaf, quot; which explores military options for  quot;the day after quot; Palestinian Authority Chairman Yasser Arafat #39;s death.	2
0	Tensions Rise Between Nader, Opponents (AP)  AP - Accusations of dirty tricks are rare in Oregon politics, but Ralph Nader's presidential campaign has sparked charges and countercharges between his campaign and backers of Democratic nominee John Kerry.	1
1	Medication, like politics, is debatable  So I was slowly putting on my game face while waiting for the fully negotiated, somewhat-debatable debate between President Bush and Sen. John Kerry when the news came that Vioxx is being taken off the market.	0 1
0	Republican Convention Opens as Delegates Adopt Platform  Republicans are preparing to offer President Bush to the voters based in large measure on his response to 9/11.	0
0	As First Debate Nears, Rivals Seek to Bring Iraq Into Focus  President Bush ridiculed Senator John Kerry today, and Mr. Kerry assailed the president's Iraq policy in a statement issued by his campaign.	0 1
1	Surprise fall of Bush nominee raises questions  The abrupt withdrawal of Homeland Security nominee Bernard Kerik has left more questions than answers. Kerik, the former New York City police commissioner who gained fame after 9/11, said he had an  quot;illegal 	0
0	In Address to Guard, Kerry Says Bush Isn't Telling Truth on Iraq  John Kerry told a National Guard conference on Thursday that President Bush had deceived them when he presented an optimistic picture of the war in Iraq two days before.	0 1
1	Bush Lambastes Costly Lawsuits  (CBS/AP) President Bush said Wednesday that American companies are suffering a competitive disadvantage around the world because of the high cost of lawsuits and legal insurance at home.	0
0	Abbas, Barghouti Lead Palestinian Campaign Contenders  Description: Nine candidates are running for the Palestinian presidency in January #39;s election, but the spotlight is on Mahmoud Abbas, who succeeded Yasser Arafat as head of the Palestine Liberation Organization, and jailed militant leader Marwan Barghouti 	2
3	Putin Tells Bush Russia Boosting Oil Exports  Russian President Vladimir Putin told President Bush on Monday that Russian oil companies were boosting production as well as exports and would continue to do so.	0
3	Putin says Russian oil companies are increasing production  Russian President Vladimir Putin told President Bush on Monday that Russian oil companies are increasing oil production and exports and will continue to do so, the White House said.	0
0	Round One: Bush, Kerry trade tough words on Iraq  CORAL GABLES, Fla. -- John F. Kerry and President Bush clashed sharply over the war in Iraq last night during the first debate of the presidential campaign season, with the senator from Massachusetts accusing 	0 1
1	Weak jobs growth dings Dubya  President Bush had been hoping to wave a glowing September jobs report in John Kerry #39;s face for the rest of the presidential campaign.	0 1
1	New Yorker Endorses Kerry for President (AP)  AP - The New Yorker has made the first political endorsement in its 80-year history, backing Sen. John Kerry in next week's presidential election.	1
0	GOP Invokes 9/11 to Promote Bush Election (AP)  AP - A few miles from Ground Zero, two widows of the Sept. 11 attacks, a grieving sister, this city's former mayor and its ex-police commissioner invoked memories of the worst attack on U.S. soil as President Bush's convention cast him as a decisive leader in a dangerous world, unafraid to make tough decisions.	0
1	Bush Names Kerik Security Chief; Thompson Out  President Bush nominated former New York police commissioner Bernard Kerik on Friday to head the US homeland security department and accepted the resignation of Health 	0
0	Bush Piloted Guard Trainers Before He Quit  WASHINGTON - George W. Bush began flying a two-seat training jet more frequently and twice required multiple attempts to land a one-seat fighter in the weeks just before he quit flying for the Texas Air National Guard in 1972, his pilot logs show...	0
1	Arafats condition remains critical  French doctors  PARIS, November 7 (Itar-Tass) -- The condition of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat remains critical and without any changes, official representative of the medical service of the French army Gen.	2
0	Sharon Wins Support for Gaza Plan  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon won a critical vote in Israel #39;s parliament Wednesday in favor of his plan to withdraw Israeli settlers and soldiers from the Gaza Strip.	4
0	Edwards Chides Hastert for Terror Remark (AP)  AP - Democratic vice presidential candidate John Edwards on Sunday accused House Speaker Dennis Hastert of stooping "to the politics of fear" when he said al-Qaida terrorists may launch another terrorist attack to swing the Nov. 2 election in Democrat John Kerry's favor.	1
0	U.S. Had Stormy Relationship With Arafat (AP)  AP - WASHINGTON  #151; More than two years ago, President Bush cut off all U.S. contact with Yasser Arafat, considering him failed and corrupt. He never invited the Palestinian leader to the White House even as he held out hopes of helping the Palestinians achieve statehood.	0 2
1	Blair #39;s resignation  #39;would ruin Labour #39;  Gordon Brown would be forced to follow Tony Blair out of office if the prime minister were forced to step down over Iraq, John Denham said today.	3
0	Bush, APEC leaders kicking off weekend summit in Chile  SANTIAGO, Chile President Bush is starting a weekend of summitry with Pacific Rim leaders in Chile. After arriving late last night from Texas, the president begins this morning with a round of individual meetings in the Chilean capital of Santiago.	0
0	Bush sidesteps Annan resignation issue  President Bush on Thursday declined to endorse a Republican senator #39;s call for UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan to resign but did not offer Annan any words of support.	0
1	Bush, Kerry Continue Campaigning in Hotly Contested States  President Bush and his Democratic rival, Senator John Kerry, have more campaign stops scheduled in hotly contested states Thursday, with the US presidential election just five days away.	0
1	Iraq #39;s grim spiral: Bush refuses to acknowledge dire situation  Some days it #39;s hard to imagine how the news from Iraq can get any worse, although it has a way of doing just that with unsettling regularity.	0
3	Debt cloud looms over GOP plans  The ambitious wish list launched by the successful campaigns of President George W. Bush and Congressional Republicans ran smack into the harsh reality Wednesday that the United States is short on cash.	0
1	Campaigns making final push  Entering the final weekend of their long campaign, President Bush and Sen. John Kerry turned Friday to the closing arguments they hoped would seal victory -he 	0 1
1	Cabinet approves Gaza compensation  Israel #39;s Cabinet approved compensation yesterday for settlers who will be uprooted by Ariel Sharon #39;s program to withdraw from the Gaza Strip 	4
0	Arafat #39;s medical records show  #39;no poison #39;  Medical files showed tests performed on Yasser Arafat #39;s body found no evidence the Palestinian leader was poisoned. Arafat #39;s medical records were released to his nephew, Nasser al-Kidwa, on Monday despite objections from Arafat #39;s widow Suha.	2
3	Yasir Arafat Dies	2
1	Bush meets advisors over new bin Laden tape  GRAND RAPIDS, Michigan -- President Bush instructed top homeland and national security advisers on Saturday to  quot;take all actions that might be necessary quot; to respond to the new message from Osama bin Laden, the White House said.	0
0	Wavering Voters Anti-Iraq, Wary of Kerry (AP)  AP - In an election where most voters have already chosen sides, the presidency could be decided by a small slice of America in the mushy middle  #151; wavering voters who are more likely than others to question President Bush's honesty and think the war in Iraq was a mistake.	0
0	Bush Says Iran Must Terminate Its Nuclear Activities  President Bush says Iran #39;s decision to freeze its uranium enrichment programs is a positive step, but  quot;not the final step.	0
0	Bush Hopes Allawi Can Reassure U.S. Voters (AP)  AP - Iraq's visiting prime minister, Ayad Allawi, says he shares a hopeful view with President Bush that things are getting better in Allawi's tumultuous nation, a conviction the president is putting on full display to persuade doubting U.S. voters.	0
1	Bush says he #39;ll press intelligence overhaul  President Bush yesterday said he would work with Congress to pass a bill overhauling the nation #39;s intelligence services for the struggle against 	0
0	Powell meets Israel #39;s Sharon  US Secretary of State Colin Powell has met Prime Minister Ariel Sharon for talks expected to focus on steps Israel could take to facilitate a Palestinian presidential election scheduled for January.	4
0	Zarqawi steers media, targets Blair over hostage  In grinding out the agony of British hostage Kenneth Bigley in Iraq, his captors have shown media skill and chilling political calculation to exert maximum pressure on Prime Minister Tony Blair.	3
1	Israel  #39;determined to complete Gaza plan #39;  Israel is determined to go ahead with its unilateral withdrawal from the Gaza Strip - regardless of the death of Yasser Arafat and even if settlers resist - a top Israeli general who helped design the plan says.	2
3	September Job Growth Weaker Than Expected  Companies added 96,000 jobs to their payrolls in September, fewer than economists forecast for the last employment report before Election Day, highlighting a modest pace of hiring that has become an issue in President Bush's bid for re-election.	0
1	Bush vows to seek Mideast peace  President George W. Bush has promised to push in a second term to revive. whom Bush has shunned as an obstacle to peace, dies. Bush responded with kind words to reports 	0
3	Stocks Off Highs, Oil Jumps on Bush Win  US stocks advanced on Wednesday as President Bush won re-election, but slipped off the day #39;s highs after a surge in the price of oil.	0
3	Restoring fiscal stability  Over the next 10 years, the nation #39;s cumulative budget deficit will soar to  $2.3 trillion, the CBO projected. And if President Bush succeeds in making his tax cuts permanent, as he #39;s vowed to do if re-elected, the 10-year deficit could top  $4 trillion.	0
3	Bush Picks Kellogg CEO for Commerce  President Bush on Monday chose Carlos Gutierrez, the Cuban-born CEO of Kellogg Co (KN: Quote, Profile, Research) , as his nominee to be commerce secretary, his second selection of a Hispanic for a second-term Cabinet.	0
1	Arafat #39;s  #39;politics of grievance #39;  Yasser Arafat #39;s rule was a disaster for the Palestinians and whole Middle East when he was alive, says Heritage Foundation Middle East expert James Phillips.	2
1	Yassir Arafat leaving the West Bank last week  Yassir Arafat has been rushed to intensive care in a Paris military hospital after his condition seriously deteriorated, Palestinian officials said today.	2
0	Sharon wins Gaza test  JERUSALEMWith his political life in the balance, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon took the first tentative steps on the path to peace last night, winning parliamentary consent for a plan to uproot Jewish settlements from the Gaza Strip and parts of 	4
0	Bush Announces Plan for Troop Realignment  WASHINGTON - President Bush's plan to restructure U.S. military forces abroad includes bringing two Army divisions home from Cold War-era bases in Germany, and increasing the U.S...	0
0	Kerry Questions Bush's Judgment on Iraq  NEW YORK - Sen. John Kerry said Monday that mistakes by President Bush in invading Iraq could lead to unending war and that no responsible commander in chief would have begun the war knowing Saddam Hussein didn't possess weapons of mass destruction and wasn't an imminent threat to the United States...	0 1
0	Kerry Says Bush Uses Surrogates to Do 'Dirty Work' (Reuters)  Reuters - John Kerry accused President Bush of using surrogates to "do his dirty work," as the Democratic presidential challenger hit back on Thursday at a Republican assault on his Vietnam War record.	0 1
0	New Questions Raised on Bush Military Record (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush fell short of meeting his military obligations during the Vietnam War and was not disciplined despite irregular attendance at required training drills, The Boston Globe said on Wednesday.	0
0	Sharon sets date for Gaza vote  Israeli MPs will debate Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's plan to pull troops and settlers out of the Gaza Strip on 25 October	4
1	Kerry, Bush clash on national security  President Bush made  quot;a colossal error in judgment quot; in going to war in Iraq, John Kerry said Thursday in a high-stakes debate with the president.	0 1
1	Grand Old Party time: Delegates descend on Empire State  Protesters threatening violence, terror fears on every corner and a tense presidential campaign left Gotham City on pins and needles yesterday, braced for President Bush #39;s make-or-break convention.	0
1	 #39;The time has come for Kerry to sink or swim #39;  Democratic challenger John Kerry will be fighting to stay in the United States election race when he takes on Republican incumbent George Bush in the presidential debates from Thursday.	1
1	Kerry: Greenspan Warning Is Wake-Up Call  SAN FRANCISCO Aug. 27, 2004 - Democrat John Kerry #39;s presidential campaign said Friday that Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan #39;s warning of a looming crisis for Social Security and Medicare should be 	1
1	Kerry camp slams new Bush ad  A new Bush ad Monday attacking Sen. John Kerry for likening terrorism to gambling and prostitution was a sign of desperation, a Kerry spokesman said.	1
3	Bush Pledges to Address Weak Dollar, Cites Fed  President Bush said on Wednesday a renewed drive to cut US budget deficits should help the weak dollar and that Tuesday #39;s Federal Reserve interest-rate hike showed Alan 	0
0	Settlers have  #39;messianic complex  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Monday the settlers he intends to withdraw from the Gaza Strip and West Bank have a messianic complex.	4
0	Moves towards a new governnment in Israel  Israel #39;s Opposition Labour Party leader Shimon Peres has responded positively to an invitation by Prime Minister Ariel Sharon to form a unity government.	4
1	Bush defends decision to invade Iraq at UN General Assembly  At the opening of the 59th UN General Assembly, Bush talked up the scheduled elections in the country and talked again of his vision of a democratic Middle East.	0
1	First presidential debate crucial to Kerry candidacy  WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- President Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry Thursday night will engage in the first, and possibly most crucial, of three debates that will dictate the tone of the remaining weeks of a closely fought presidential race.	0 1
1	CBS Faces New Charges Over Discredited Bush Report  CBS News faced new charges of journalistic impropriety on Tuesday, a day after the network said it regretted using questionable documents in a report challenging President Bush #39;s military service.	0
0	Blair faces vote amidst hostage crisis  The anguish of hostage Kenneth Bigley in Iraq hangs over Prime Minister Tony Blair today as he faces the twin test of a local election and a debate by his Labour Party about the divisive war.	3
0	Russian Envoy Sees Korea Nuclear Talks in Late Jan   TOKYO (Reuters) - North Korea could return to six-party  talks on its nuclear programs in late January after President  Bush forms his new cabinet, Russian ambassador to Japan  Alexander Losyukov said Monday.	0
1	President keeps Treasury secretary in Cabinet, for now  Treasury Secretary John Snow, an aggressive champion of the administration #39;s economic policies, accepted President Bush #39;s offer Wednesday to remain in the Cabinet.	0
0	Background/ Arafat-free at last, Sharon hints at flexibility  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, convening his cabinet for the first time since the burial of his life nemesis Yasser Arafat, hinted at a measure of flexibility this week, signaling that Israel might allow East Jerusalem Arabs to vote in elections for a 	2 4
0	Thousands of Demonstrators Hit NYC Streets  NEW YORK - Tens of thousands of Bush administration opponents poured into Manhattan's streets Sunday on the eve of the Republican National Convention, angrily denouncing the war in Iraq and demanding the United States withdraw its forces.    Flanked by police in riot gear and led by a line of celebrities including actor Danny Glover and filmmaker Michael Moore, the protesters moved through the fortified city on a circular route that took them through midtown and past Madison Square Garden, where the convention opens Monday...	0
0	Bush, Kerry draw up battle-lines on eve of debate (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush and Senator John Kerry dig in for the crucial one-on-one televised debate, with the Democratic challenger aiming to turn the tables on Bush's lead in recent in opinion polls.	0 1
1	He says pre-election violence in Iraq expected to escalate  President Bush braced Marines Tuesday for escalating violence leading up to the Jan. 30 elections in Iraq, but vowed the vote would not be postponed.	0
1	Kerry links cost of Iraq war to domestic problems in new ad  WASHINGTON John Kerry is using a new television ad to link the cost of the war in Iraq to problems here at home. In the ad, the Democratic presidential hopeful says the US is spending 200 (b) billion dollars 	1
1	Republicans reach deal on intelligence bill  Under pressure from President Bush and family members of the Sept. 11 victims, congressional Republicans agreed Monday on a deal to give military commanders in combat first 	0
0	Arafat does not have leukemia  Paris - Ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, in Paris for urgent treatment of a mysterious illness, does not have leukemia, a Palestinian diplomat said on Saturday.	2
0	Bush: Russian Siege Reinforces Resolve (AP)  AP - The deadly hostage-taking by militants in Russia reinforces the United States' resolve not to give in to terrorists, President Bush said Saturday.	0
0	Kerry takes legal action against Vietnam critics (AFP)  AFP - Democratic White House hopeful John Kerry's campaign formally alleged that a group attacking his Vietnam war record had illegal ties to US President George W. Bush's reelection bid.	0 1
0	Arafat in Hospital Near Paris for Treatment of Mystery Illness  Yasir Arafat, the ailing Palestinian leader, arrived in France today as the guest of the French government and was immediately taken to a military hospital for treatment of what is being called a mysterious ailment.	2
0	Analysis: 8 States May Decide Election  WASHINGTON - Eight states worth just 99 electoral votes are up for grabs in the closely fought presidential race, with the White House going to whoever conquers this shrinking battlefield.    While another dozen states could come into play if either candidate breaks open the race, President Bush and Democratic Sen...	0
0	Chirac, Blair Strive for Unity After Iraq   LONDON (Reuters) - French President Jacques Chirac agreed  to disagree with Prime Minister Tony Blair over Iraq on  Thursday but pledged full cooperation, from Africa to the  Middle East, when Britain heads the G8 and European Union in  2005.	3
0	Bush Chides Kerry in Pa. After VP Debate  WILKES BARRE, Pa. - President Bush, in biting criticism of his Democratic challenger, said Wednesday that Sen...	0
1	Kerry takes offensive over Iraq  CINCINNATI - Democrat John Kerry yesterday paid tribute to the 1,000 US troops killed in Iraq and blasted President Bush over his handling of the war - a subject he barely mentioned during campaign stops in Ohio just a few days ago.	0 1
1	Kerry talks with Clinton to spruce up campaign  Battered at polls by President George W Bush, his Democratic challenger John Kerry is now turning to former President Bill Clinton, considered among the best campaigners, for advice on how to reinvigorate his sagging campaign.	1
0	UK #39;s Blair Liar or Incompetent, Says Former BBC Director Dyke  UK Prime Minister Tony Blair has been accused of either lies or incompetence in his handling of the Iraq war, by Greg Dyke, former director-general of the British Broadcasting Corporation.	3
1	Chuckles in the Right side of the blogsphere over Kerry <b>...</b>  The Republican bloggers out there are getting a good chuckle out of endorsements for Kerry. Here in the US, many have endorsed Kerry and a large portion of those in the media who endorsed him have been more about tossing Bush than electing Kerry.	0 1
1	UNITED STATES: Can Kerry defeat George W Bush?  With his mother at his side, and a picture of his identical twin brother, who was killed in Iraq, held above him, Ivan Medina, a US Army soldier, said: We must bring our troops home now.	1
0	Kerry: Bush Has Secret Troop Call-Up Plan  BOSTON - Democratic presidential challenger John Kerry said President Bush has a secret plan to call up more National Guard and Reserve troops immediately after the election, an allegation that the Bush campaign called "false and ridiculous."   Kerry issued the charge while campaigning Friday in Albuquerque, N.M., as he criticized the president of glossing over a worsening conflict in Iraq.   "He won't tell us what congressional leaders are now saying, that this administration is planning yet another substantial call-up of reservists and Guard units immediately after the election," Kerry said...	0 1
0	 #39;Sharon intent on tearing Israel in two #39;  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is leading the nation to a split that could end up as a civil war, and refuses to even consider taking steps that would maintain 	4
1	Bush Seen Vulnerable to Kerry Among Independent Voters  President Bush, who holds a sizable lead in some polls, still appears to be vulnerable to Democrat John Kerry among independent voters whose shifting loyalties 	0 1
1	President Meets With Cabinet  WASHINGTON -- President George W. Bush meets with his Cabinet at the White House after he declares a re-election win. The meeting was an opportunity to credit those top lieutenants with their work helping to secure his second term.	0
1	Bush Signs Orders for Intelligence Reform  President Bush said Saturday his newly enacted changes in the nation #39;s intelligence community will  quot;improve America #39;s ability to find, track and stop dangerous 	0
1	Blair faces wrath of Labour Party faithful over Iraq  BRIGHTON : Prime Minister Tony Blair was set to face the anger of rank and file members of his Labour Party over the Iraq war, as party officials tried to head off a motion calling for British troops to quit the country.	3
0	Defiant Blair fights for third term  BRIGHTON (England) - Prime Minister Tony Blair on Tuesday defended the war in Iraq, insisting he could not apologise for toppling Saddam Hussein, and urged his party to unite and fight for a historic third term in power.	3
0	Arafat has liver failure-Aide  A Palestinian official, who demanded anonymity, said on Sunday that the Palestinian President Yasser Arafat is suffering liver failure and that his health condition was not improving.	2
0	World Leaders Seek to Adapt to Expected Bush Win  World leaders sought to adapt on Wednesday to the idea of four more years of President Bush, with friends hailing his expected re-election and critics vowing to make the best of it, especially in Iraq.	0
1	Bush, Kerry spar over qualifications, Iraq progress  President Bush and Sen. John Kerry clashed yesterday about whether conditions are improving in Iraq as the president continued to question his opponent #39;s ability to lead.	0 1
1	Bush art wins Turner prize  An exhibit featuring a film about US President George W. Bush #39;s home town in Texas on Monday won the Turner Prize, Britain #39;s most prestigious art award, pipping a digital recreation of Osama bin Laden #39;s house.	0
0	Bush Recants, Says Terror War Will Be Won  NASHVILLE, Tenn. - President Bush said repeatedly on Tuesday that the United States will win its war against terrorism, trying to contain political damage from the doubt he expressed a day earlier...	0
0	Bush Visits With Soldiers Wounded in Iraq (AP)  AP - President Bush paid a bedside visit to wounded soldiers on Tuesday, then predicted victory for their comrades in Iraq in their battle against terrorists "who want to stop democracy" there.	0
0	Israel continues hits as peace process  #39;frozen #39;  ISRAEL #39;S pullout from the Gaza Strip was not intended to speed up the peace process, Ariel Sharon #39;s top political adviser said yesterday.	4
0	Bush's National Guard File Missing Records  WASHINGTON - Documents that should have been written to explain gaps in President Bush's Texas Air National Guard service are missing from the military records released about his service in 1972 and 1973, according to regulations and outside experts.    For example, Air National Guard regulations at the time required commanders to write an investigative report for the Air Force when Bush missed his annual medical exam in 1972...	0
0	Analysis: Egypt steps into the regional ring  Something big is happening in Cairo. It isn #39;t just the release of Azzam Azzam from wrongful imprisonment as an alleged spy, or nice words from President Hosni Mubarak about Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, or the return of the Egyptian ambassador.	4
1	Clinton stumps for Kerry  A smiling, energetic former President Clinton campaigned for Democratic Sen. John Kerry on Monday just seven weeks after undergoing heart surgery, telling a cheering crowd 	1
0	Bush: Afghan Election a  #39;Marvelous Thing #39;  President Bush gives a thumbs up to the elections in Afghanistan as he speaks to supporters in St. Louis, the morning after his second debate with his Democratic opponent, Sen. John Kerry, Saturday, Oct. 9, 2004.	0 1
1	Rules of debate: No asking each other questions  Excerpts from the  quot;Memorandum of Understanding quot; signed by President Bush #39;s and Sen. John Kerry #39;s campaigns before the debates: No opening statements, but each candidate gets a two-minute closing statement.	0 1
1	Going to Win  Sen. John Kerry Says Plans to Prove Hes Tough on Terror in First Debate. Sept. 30, 2004 - Sen. John Kerry says he won #39;t underestimate President Bush #39;s debating history as they head into the first of three 	0 1
1	NVIDIA and Sony hook-up  Electronic voting in the US. The saga continues. Here is an interesting comparision with a Venezuelan referendum.  quot;80 of Americans could correctly name the first President Bush #39;s pet dog Millie, but only 	0
1	Amid criticism, CBS stands by its reports  CBS News again defended its reporting Sunday, even as other media raised doubts about the authenticity of memos the network uncovered about President Bush #39;s service in the Texas Air National Guard.	0
1	Candidates hit the trail with renewed energy  President Bush and Sen. John F. Kerry head toward their final debate on Wednesday night pursuing divergent strategies, with Bush seeking to discredit 	0
0	Bush Record Suggests Two Presidencies (AP)  AP - When he steps up to accept his party's nomination for a second time, President Bush will present the record of not one but two presidencies: one before and another after Sept. 11, 2001.	0
0	Style Is Part of the Battle in Bush, Kerry Debate (Reuters)  Reuters - As President Bush and his Democratic rival Sen. John Kerry slugged it out Friday night over issues from Iraq to stem cell research, they also sought to look good, sound good and nail the right image.	0 1
0	Powell Arrives for Talks On Palestinian Transition  Secretary of State Colin L. Powell arrived Jerusalem for talks with Israeli and Palestinian leaders about steps to facilitate the Palestinian political transition after the death of Yasser Arafat.	2
1	Uncharted territory  On the long road of a hostile and often backward-looking presidential campaign, President Bush and Sen. John Kerry have sputtered more than sped and neither has satisfied a majority of voters.	0 1
0	Sharon will meet Assad  #39;under certain conditions #39;  TEL AVIV: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Thursday he was willing to meet Syrian President Bashar Assad under  quot;certain conditions, quot; an offer which Damascus swiftly turned down as unacceptable.	4
0	Bush, Kerry Differ on Approach to North Korea (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush and his rival Sen. John Kerry clashed on Thursday on how to end North Korea's nuclear program, with Bush insisting only on six-way talks and Kerry saying he would start bilateral discussions.	0 1
1	Kerry: Bush Not Being Straight About Iraq  LAS VEGAS Sept. 16, 2004 - Democratic Sen. John Kerry on Thursday accused President Bush of failing to tell the truth about the situation in Iraq as the country falls into more violence and chaos with each passing day.	0 1
1	Chairman McAuliffe, Please Shut Up  Please shut up, Terry McAuliffe -- that is, about George W. Bush and his missing-time in the Texas Air National Guard. I keep receiving press releases from flacks at the Democratic Party about Bush #39;s Guard service (or lack thereof).	0
1	Bush Stepping Up Attacks as Kerry Weighs Response  HILLICOTHE, Ohio, Sept. 10 - As President Bush on Friday leveled one of his strongest attacks on Senator John Kerry #39;s position on Iraq, Kerry advisers said they had agreed on the need to ratchet up their campaign 	0 1
1	Constitutional victory  ne of the most alarming abuses in President Bush #39;s war on terrorism has come to a peculiar resolution. On Wednesday the government announced it would release Yaser Hamdi from custody.	0
0	Arafat #39;s Health Suffers Setback - Envoy  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s health has suffered a setback and doctors are carrying out more tests to discover why, Palestinian envoy Leila Shahid told Reuters on Wednesday.	2
0	Honour memory of Rabin, Arafat - Mbeki  The leaders and people of Israel and Palestine should honour the memories of Yasser Arafat and slain Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin by acting practically to achieve the  quot;peace of the brave quot;, President Thabo Mbeki said on Friday.	2
0	Europeans hope to start all over  European allies alienated during President Bush #39;s first four years in power offered yesterday to let bygones be bygones, saying they want to work with the new administration and seeking 	0
0	Kerry Pins Hopes in Iowa on Big Vote From Absentees  About three times as many Democrats as Republicans have applied for absentee ballots in 20 counties.	1
0	Musharraf arrives in UK for talks  Pakistan #39;s President Pervez Musharraf has arrived in Britain for talks with UK Prime Minister Tony Blair. General Musharraf was given a red carpet welcome after landing on a flight from Washington where he held talks with US President George Bush.	3
0	Blair Urges U.S. to 'Reach Out' to Allies (AP)  AP - British Prime Minister Tony Blair, seeking to repair strained ties between the United States and Europe, on Monday urged Washington to reach out to its allies and not depend on military force alone in the global fight against terrorism.	3
0	Chile Group Plans Bush Welcome with War Crime Suit   SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - Chileans opposed to the Iraq  war have accused President Bush of war crimes in a criminal  complaint lodged on Tuesday, less than a month before he is  scheduled to visit the country.	0
0	Confusion over Arafat health  TOP Palestinian leaders are gathering at Yasser Arafat #39;s battered headquarters in Ramallah amid reports that the longtime Palestinian leader #39;s health is rapidly deteriorating.	2
1	Intel bill needs personal appeal by Bush  Lawmakers on both sides of the aisle called Monday for President Bush and his secretary of defense to personally reach out to opponents of intelligence reform.	0
0	Health of Arafat said to deteriorate  JERUSALEM -- The health of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat deteriorated yesterday, and Palestinian doctors were rushed to his Ramallah compound in the West Bank to treat what has so far been diagnosed as a stomach disorder, according to senior Palestinian officials.	2
0	Israel's Gaza commander resigns  A senior Israeli army commander has resigned in the wake of a reported row with Prime Minister Ariel Sharon.	4
0	Barghouthi to contest poll  RAMALLAH: The wife of jailed Palestinian leader Marwan Barghouthi said last night she was registering him to run for president to succeed Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Bush Backs Authority for Intel Director  WASHINGTON - The White House unveiled plans Wednesday to give a new national intelligence director strong budgetary authority over much of the nation's intelligence community, a key provision in the Sept. 11 commission's recommendations...	0
0	India must recognize international realities: PM  Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has responded to the Left #39;s criticism of his congratulatory call to US President George W. Bush by saying India must recognise international realities.	0
0	Kerry Criticizes Halliburton Overcharges  ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry said Friday that the Bush administration ignored overcharging in defense contracts awarded to Halliburton, the company once headed by Vice President Dick Cheney, calling it evidence of the president's mismanagement of the war in Iraq...	1
1	Kerry makes Iraq his No. 1 attack  Bee Washington Bureau. WASHINGTON - Just a few weeks ago, Sen. John Kerry #39;s aides were saying the homestretch of his bid to oust President Bush would focus on the economy, health care and other domestic issues.	0 1
1	Bush, Kerry clash over Iraq, other issues  CORAL GABLES, Fla. President Bush and Sen. John Kerry brought their differences over foreign policy into a face-to-face confrontation Thursday night, the two clashing mostly over the war in Iraq in a debate 	0 1
1	Bush, Kerry chase each other across key states  President Bush and John Kerry continue to skip through battleground states today, as each candidate uses increasingly strident language to attack the other with the presidential election slightly more than a week away.	0 1
0	US PUSHES FORWARD ON PALESTINIAN VOTE  US Secretary of State Colin Powell has arrived in Israel determined to press both Israeli and Palestinian leaders for a process to enable Palestinians to elect a successor to Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Arafat #39;s Feud With Israel May Outlive Him  Yasir Arafat has feuded with Israel throughout his adult life and now, it appears, the quarrel will continue with his death. Mr. Arafat, who remained in a coma at 	2
0	Blair Acknowledges Iraq War Divided UK  BRIGHTON, England Sept. 28, 2004 - Prime Minister Tony Blair acknowledged that the war in Iraq has divided Britain but said he had no apologies for helping topple Saddam Hussein in a speech Tuesday to his 	3
0	Frail Arafat Heads to Paris for Treatment  In this picture released by the Palestinian authority Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat holds hands with unidentified Tunisian, Jordaninan and Egyptian doctors at his compound In Ramallah in the West BankThursday Oct. 28, 2004.	2
1	President Bush Wins Second Term  President George W. Bush has won a second term in the White House, defeating Senator John F. Kerry. The Democrat from Massachusetts called the president yesterday morning to congratulate him, ending the possibility 	0
2	Forget politics, lifting Curse of the Bambino is the Series <b>...</b>  ASK a Democrat in Massachusetts whether he would rather see John Kerry win the presidency or the Boston Red Sox take their first World Series since 1918, and chances are the answer will be easy.	1
0	Fears for Arafat #39;s Health as Israelis Suspect Cancer  Fears for Yasser Arafats health grew today after a hospital admitted his illness was more than just flu and Israeli officials speculated he has cancer.	2
0	Cleric hastens to be with Arafat  PARIS -- A leading Palestinian Muslim cleric rushed to Yasser Arafat's bedside yesterday, reading passages from the Koran as the Palestinian leader clung to life. Government officials here and in the West Bank pressed ahead with funeral plans.	2
1	Northern Ireland Power-Sharing Talks Fail  Protestant and Roman Catholic political talks on restoring Northern Ireland #39;s power-sharing government have ended in failure. British Prime Minister Tony Blair says he and his Irish counterpart, Bertie Ahern, will seek new ways to move forward.	3
0	Arafat said to be on brink of death  Yasser Arafat was reported teetering on the brink of death last night, with one wire service quoting a senior Palestinian official saying that the Palestinian leader had died of liver failure.	2
0	Kerry Slams Bush on Iraq War, Economy  Fighting back, Democratic Sen. John Kerry called President Bush "unfit to lead this nation" because of the war in Iraq and his record on jobs, health care and energy prices...	0 1
1	Arafat Relative Unhurt in Gaza Car Bombing  JERUSALEM, Oct. 12 -- A top Palestinian security leader who is related to Yasser Arafat escaped unharmed Tuesday when a booby-trapped car exploded near his convoy in Gaza City.	2
0	Israel #39;s Sharon Lines Up Support for Likud Vote  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon marshalled support for Thursday #39;s Likud party vote to bring the Labor Party into a government that would block snap elections and pave the way for a Gaza withdrawal next year.	4
0	Bush Hopes Allawi Can Reassure U.S. Voters  WASHINGTON - Iraq's visiting prime minister, Ayad Allawi, says he shares a hopeful view with President Bush that things are getting better in Allawi's tumultuous nation, a conviction the president is putting on full display to persuade doubting U.S. voters...	0
0	Bush Seeks to Mend Ties With Latin America  President Bush tried to mend relations in Latin America with fresh promises of immigration reform Sunday while a new security spat surfaced with Chile after an embarrassing fracas in which Bush intervened.	0
1	Israeli Woman Killed in Attack on Gaza Settlement  A Palestinian mortar bomb slammed into a house in a Jewish settlement in the Gaza Strip on Friday, killing a woman and fueling settler anger over Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to pull Israelis out of the area.	4
1	What if It #39;s Kerry #39;s War?  In less than a week, Iraq could be John Kerry #39;s war. If the Democrats win on Nov. 2, the president-elect must immediately focus on what a US military withdrawal from Iraq would mean for the Middle East and for the United States.	1
0	Group Offers Bush Bleak Iraq Assessment  WASHINGTON - The National Intelligence Council presented President Bush this summer with three pessimistic scenarios regarding the security situation in Iraq, including the possibility of a civil war there before the end of 2005.    In a highly classified National Intelligence Estimate, the council looked at the political, economic and security situation in the wartorn country and determined that - at best - a tenuous stability was possible, a U.S...	0
3	Kerry rolls out tax-cut plan for middle class  After two weeks of focusing on Iraq, Democratic presidential challenger John Kerry turned his emphasis to the economy Saturday, delivering what he called a plan for  quot;middle-class families.	1
0	Edwards Appeals to Women on Terror Issue (AP)  AP - Vice presidential candidate John Edwards on Tuesday sought to blunt growing support for President Bush among women voters and others concerned about national security by campaigning with a Sept. 11 widow in two states that suffered losses in the terrorist attacks.	0
0	Routine operation but more evidence of heart trouble  Tony Blair will undergo a catheter ablation operation which will correct his heart #39;s abnormal rhythm - a condition the Prime Minister has suffered from in the past.	3
0	Fortified by victory, Bush now faces unfinished business in Iraq  Fortified by his victory at the polls, President George W. Bush now faces pressing, unfinished business in Iraq where US forces are poised to storm insurgent strongholds to clear the way for January elections.	0
0	CBS Apologizes Over Bush Guard Duty Memos (AP)  AP - CBS News apologized Monday for a "mistake in judgment" in its story questioning President Bush's National Guard service, claiming it was misled by the source of documents that several experts have dismissed as fakes.	0
1	Agriculture nominee was raised on farm  WASHINGTON - Nebraska Gov. Mike O. Johanns, nominated by President Bush on Thursday to be the next Agriculture secretary, grew up on an Iowa dairy farm and has traveled widely to promote farm products from 	0
1	Israel looks set for new governing coalition within days  JERUSALEM (AFP) - Israel looked poised for a new coalition government within a week as Prime Minister Ariel Sharon began talks with ultra-Orthodox parties alongside negotiations with the main opposition Labour faction.	4
0	Bush Warns of 'Hidden Kerry Tax Plan' (AP)  AP - President Bush on Thursday blamed the Clinton administration for the loss of hundreds of thousands of manufacturing jobs and warned against backing the Democratic ticket in November because of a "hidden Kerry tax plan."	0 1
0	Britain Wants Contact with Iraq Hostage Takers   BRIGHTON, England (Reuters) - Britain appealed on Thursday  to kidnappers holding a hostage in Iraq to make contact but  ruled out doing a deal as Prime Minister Tony Blair failed to  shift the country's focus off the divisive war.	3
1	Economy Steady But Job Growth Moderate, Giving Fodder to Kerry and <b>...</b>  The latest snapshot shows an economy that has returned to a moderate economic expansion of about 3 percent. At this pace, the economy is not growing fast enough to create large numbers of jobs 	1
1	Kerry, Bush Trade Charges in New Mexico  President Bush and Democratic Sen. John Kerry traded attacks in New Mexico on Monday, with Bush saying Kerry fundamentally misunderstands 	0 1
3	But analysts warn sector gains may have topped out  SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) - Defense stocks advanced Wednesday as President Bush won a second term, dashing industry fears that a Kerry victory would unleash cutbacks on lucrative missile defense contracts.	0
1	FEISTY FOES  #39;SPIN #39; LADEN  With the clock ticking down to Election Day - and chilling new images of Osama bin Laden hogging the airwaves -resident Bush traded barbs with 	0
0	President Prays at Menorah Lighting (AP)  AP - At a menorah-lighting ceremony Thursday on the third night of Hanukkah, President Bush prayed for the safety and quick return of U.S. soldiers serving in Iraq.	0
0	Kerry causing unrest in Haiti  As a former longtime resident of the Bellville area, I want to enlighten you on what Sen. John Kerry #39;s leadership can cause. I have been living in Port-au-Prince, Haiti, for eight years with my family.	1
1	Gov. Bush Says He Feels Like Bill Murray In  #39;Groundhog Day #39;  Gov. Jeb Bush says he sometimes feels like Bill Murray in the movie  quot;Groundhog Day quot; as a fourth hurricane targets Florida.	0
0	Accept Gaza plan, Israeli PM appeals  JERUSALEM - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is appealing to the country #39;s parliament to support his controversial plan to withdraw from Gaza, which he says is the only way to secure Israel #39;s future.	4
0	Blair: Sudan Must End Violence in Darfur (AP)  AP - Prime Minister Tony Blair said Monday the Sudanese government must end the violence in its western region of Darfur or face possible action by the United Nations.	3
0	Italy's Berlusconi Says Hopes Bush Wins U.S. Election (Reuters)  Reuters - Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi said on Friday he hoped incumbent President Bush would win the Nov. 2 election against his Democratic rival John Kerry.	0 1
0	Questions for Palestinian leaders  THE DAY after Yasser Arafat #39;s death, headlines declared a  quot;New Middle East quot; and commentators described his passing as  quot;a window to peace quot; and  quot;a great opportunity.	2
0	No chance of a deal  BELFAST: Prime Ministers Tony Blair of Britain and Bertie Ahern of Ireland were to visit Belfast late yesterday amid fading hopes of a breakthrough to restore Catholic-Protestant power-sharing in Northern Ireland.	3
0	President Feels Emboldened, Not Accidental, After Victory  President Bush is reveling in winning the popular vote and feels he can no longer be considered a one-term accident of history.	0
1	New Veterans Affairs Chief Named  December 9, 2004 - Nearing the finish of his Cabinet reshuffle, President Bush has named a new Veterans Affairs secretary -- and asked four others to stay on.	0
1	Blair has heart treatment today  Tony Blair shook the political world last night by announcing that he was going into hospital today for heart treatment - but that he wants to go on to a full third term as Prime Minister.	3
0	Bush Signals Softer Approach to U.N.  KENNEBUNKPORT, Maine - President Bush opens a new effort next week to focus attention on the compassionate side of his foreign policy, promising a vision for "building a better world."   In his weekly radio address Saturday, Bush previewed the speech he's to deliver to the U.N. General Assembly in New York...	0
0	British hostage begs Blair for help  British hostage Kenneth Bigley has been shown on video pleading for Tony Blair #39;s help, a sobering reminder of the grim reality for at least 18 foreign captives still held by Iraqi militants.	3
0	Cordial but firm  OTTAWA -- US President George W. Bush trumpeted a renewed friendship with Canada during his first visit to Ottawa yesterday but bristled at criticism of his decision to invade Iraq.	0
0	Shooting at Arafat Mourning Site Kills One  Palestinians members of the youth organization, Palestinian Mini Parliament, affiliated to late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s Fatah movement, dressed as Arafat and holding posters with his image at the Rafah refugee camp, southern of Gaza Strip 	2
0	Palestinian election date named  Elections to choose a successor to Yasser Arafat will be held on 9 January, the interim president announces.	2
0	Bush: Afghan Election a 'Marvelous Thing' (AP)  AP - President Bush said Saturday that the voting in Afghanistan was a remarkable achievement due in some part to his administration. "A marvelous thing is happening in Afghanistan," Bush told a breakfast fund-raiser for local Republican candidates. "Freedom is powerful. Think about a society in which young girls couldn't go to school, and their mothers were whipped in the public square, and today they're holding a presidential election."	0
0	Mulroney urges Bush to repair damaged relations with Canada, world (Canadian Press)  Canadian Press - HALIFAX (CP) - It's time for U.S. President George Bush to begin repairing the rift with Canada and other countries opposed to the war in Iraq, says former prime minister Brian Mulroney.	0
0	Kerry Takes Outsourcing Attack to N.C. (AP)  AP - John Kerry is promising North Carolina workers he will fight the forces sending U.S. jobs overseas, a timely topic in a state losing jobs to the manufacturing slump and international competition.	1
0	Israeli Parties Seen Finalizing Unity Coalition   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's ruling Likud and opposition  Labour parties plan to seal a deal on Saturday to forge a unity  coalition seen as crucial to carrying out Prime Minister Ariel  Sharon's Gaza pullout plan, party officials said.	4
1	Dems Oppose Plan to Air Anti-Kerry Film (AP)  AP - The Democratic Party and 18 senators are objecting to a broadcasting company's plan to air on 62 TV stations a critical documentary about John Kerry's anti-war activities after he returned home from Vietnam three decades ago.	1
0	Israel fumes at Straw #39;s floral tribute to Arafat  British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw laid a wreath at the grave of Yasser Arafat in Ramallah on Thursday, initiating a new diplomatic rite certain to vex many Israelis.	2
1	Kerry Didn #39;t Gay-Bait  Dick and Lynne Cheney claim to be outraged that John Kerry mentioned their daughter Mary #39;s sexual orientation (she #39;s gay) in the Oct. 13 debate.	1
1	Sharon approves  #39;aggressive #39; Gaza campaign  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has approved a major Israeli offensive that would re-occupy northern parts of the Gaza Strip to stop Palestinian fighters firing homemade rockets into Israel , Israeli Army Radio said.	4
0	Wis. Candidate, Others Use 9/11 Ad Images (AP)  AP - On one side of the TV screen, Tim Michels tells voters Wisconsin needs a senator ready to back up President Bush in the war on terror.	0
1	Thompson Resigns from Health Post  Description: Health and Human Services Secretary Tommy Thompson becomes the eighth member of President Bush #39;s Cabinet to resign since the election.	0
0	Tony Blair arrives in Sudan for talks  Prime Minister Tony Blair has touched down in the Sudan for talks in the crisis-ridden country. Mr Blair arrived in capital city Khartoum ready to urge the Sudanese government to end the slaughter that has 	3
1	Bush Win Seen As Boon to Many Industries  President Bush is shown during a campaign appearance in Wilkes-Barre, Pa., on Oct. 6, 2004. (AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite). NEW YORK Nov 3, 2004 - President Bush #39;s victory in Tuesday #39;s election is shaping 	0
0	Thousands wail at Arafat #39;s burial  RAMALLAH, West Bank, (AFP) - The screaming, whooping hordes surged forward as an Egyptian helicopter bearing the body of the Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat touched down at his Muqataa compound in Ramallah.	2
1	Sharon to forge new coalition with Labor  JERUSALEM: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon moved swiftly Friday to forge a national unity government after winning approval to reshape his coalition and crushing internal opposition to his Gaza pullout plan.	4
1	Editorial : Arafat and Palestine  PALESTINIAN leader Yasser Arafat exited the world stage the same way he entered it more than three decades ago: as a deeply divisive symbol of the Palestinian cause.	2
1	Blair vows to make climate change priority for G8  British Prime Minister Tony Blair pledged to make climate change a priority of Britain #39;s presidency of both the G8 and the European Union in 2005 to combat the world #39;s  quot;greatest environmental challenge.	3
0	Hamas Leader: Attacks on Israelis to Stop  A senior Hamas leader indicated Monday that the militant group is halting attacks on Israelis while the Palestinians prepare to choose a new leader, the latest sign of change following the death of Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Environmentalists See Trouble Ahead (AP)  AP - Environmentalists see some of their worst fears playing out as President Bush moves to cement a second-term agenda that includes getting more timber, oil and gas from public lands and relying on the market rather than regulation to curb pollution.	0
1	Bush, Kerry camps exchange blows on Iraq  US President George W Bush pressed hard to undermine Democrat John Kerry as a prospective commander in chief, accusing the Massachusetts senator of waffling on Iraq and sending dangerously misleading signals to friend and foe alike.	1
0	The conflict without Arafat  The imminent passing of Yasser Arafat will mark the beginning of a new era in the Arab-Israeli conflict. For a century, Palestinian national politics has been dominated by two men: Hajj Amin al-Husseini led 	2
1	Stewart's 'America' offers textbook laughs (USATODAY.com)  USATODAY.com - As Jon Stewart tells it, he and his staff of 13 writers at The Daily Show  were looking for a project."Life was too balanced," he says with a straight face. "It was too good for us."They considered a "roads project, a civic improvement," but when they looked around their offices in Manhattan, "we mostly had computers."So they wrote a book.America (The Book): A Citizen's Guide to Democracy Inaction (Warner,  #36;24.95) will be published Monday after nine months of checking a few facts and making up a lot more. (Related story: Daily Show is a no-stump zone)Just as his TV show on Comedy Central is a parody of a news show, the book is a graphic-heavy parody of a textbook. Chapters include "Congress: Quagmire of Freedom," "The Media: Democracy's Valiant Vulgarians" and "The Rest of the World: International House of Horrors."The foreword is by Thomas "TJ" Jefferson, who inquires in a postscript: "Is it true Halle Berry is once again single?"Stewart's favorite part?"I like the ending," which offers a Certificate of Completion, qualifying readers to "practice, participate in, or found a democracy."Too often, he says, "you finish a book and ask, 'What's in it for me beyond self-improvement?' Our book gives you a certificate in nation-building. ... If you just smash together the basic ideas, you're bound to wind up with something better than North Korea."Stewart wants to be known as a comedian, even though The Daily Show was voted best news show by TV critics this summer. He dismisses praise from journalists such as Eric Alterman, media critic for The Nation, who recently wrote that Daily Show offers "a truer picture than ... the Sunday-morning gabfests and cable food fights."Stewart, 41, says, "It's more a sign of frustration with the information people are receiving than a sign of our entrepreneurial spirit of journalism. ... It's a '(expletive) you' to real news, not a 'hallelujah' for our fake news."The book mocks both President Bush, "hurdling the lowered bar," and Democrat John Kerry, "monogrammed for greatness." But Stewart acknowledges that The Daily Show delivers more jokes at the expense of Republicans."They're in power," he says. "Comedians in biblical times did more Goliath jokes. The David stuff didn't fly."He says he worries less about being partisan than being boring, strident or redundant, "the death of comedy."Stewart's appearance at a booksellers' convention in June, which featured former president Bill Clinton, won rave reviews. Publishers Weekly said Stewart "out-Clintoned that other guy," prompting his publisher to boost the first printing of America from 500,000 copies to 700,000.	0 1
3	Sanctions suspended, not lifted  Tucked into that  $136 billion in corporate tax breaks President Bush just signed was the point of the bill: Lifting a  $5 billion annual export subsidy the World Trade Organization had ruled illegal.	0
0	Islamic Cleric Prays at Arafat's Bedside (AP)  AP - A top Islamic cleric read passages from the Quran at Yasser Arafat's hospital bedside Wednesday, with the comatose Palestinian leader in what an aide called the "final phase" of his life.	2
0	The Eternal Agitator  He shook the world by demanding justice for the Palestinians. But Arafat's defiance ruined his chances to win them independence	2
0	Sharon Rejects Talks with Syria for Now   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  said Thursday he opposed peace talks with Syria while it  continued to host Palestinian militant groups in Damascus.	4
0	Al-Aqsa opposes Abbas, prefers Barghuti as Palestinian leader  The militant Palestinian group Al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigades has said it is opposed to Mahmud Abbas being elected president of the Palestinian Authority to replace Yasser Arafat and would instead back jailed West Bank Fatah leader Marwan Barghuti.	2
3	Kerry hits Bush on economy  Standing before a crowd of about 15,000 at the Tacoma Dome on Saturday, Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry ticked off a list of domestic problems he said President 	0 1
0	Palestinians cool to apparent softening by Sharon  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon apparently has softened his stance that Palestinians must crack down on militants before he will restart peace talks, but Palestinian leaders on Friday said Sharon should go further and drop all 	4
0	Bush Nephew Campaigns in Mexico (AP)  AP - President Bush's young, Hispanic nephew and his bride are on the campaign trail  #151; in Mexico, where they are joining the increasingly vigorous battle for the votes of 1 million U.S. citizens living south of the border.	0
0	Half measures won #39;t loosen a chokehold  GAZA If Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and his strategists have it their own way, and if conditions on the Palestinian-Israeli front stay their tragic course, one can expect that by the end of next year the 360-kilometer-long separation wall - under 	4
0	Bush Signs Into Law Debt Ceiling Increase  <p></p><p> WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Bush on Friday signed intolaw a measure authorizing an  $800 billion increase in thecredit limit of the United States, the White House said.</p>	0
1	Democrats to File Complaint Over Film Critical of Kerry  The Democratic National Committee says it will file a complaint with US election officials (the Federal Election Commission) Tuesday over a broadcasting company #39;s plan to air a film critical of Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry.	1
1	Knesset Resumes Gaza Pullout Debate Ahead Of Vote  Debate has resumed in the Israeli parliament, the Knesset, ahead of a vote this evening on Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to withdraw Jewish settlers and troops from the Gaza Strip and parts of the West Bank.	4
0	New effort could revive Northern Ireland peace process  BELFAST - British Prime Minister Tony Blair and Irish Prime Minister Bertie Ahern are due to travel to Belfast on Wednesday to finalize a deal which could end two years of stalemate in the Northern Ireland peace process.	3
0	Bush Aide Says White House Is Not Linked to Anti-Kerry Ad  The president's spokesman said the White House had nothing to do with accusations John Kerry lied about his military service.	0 1
0	Kerry, Bush Woo Veterans, National Guard (Reuters)  Reuters - Democrat John Kerry on Wednesday denounced President Bush's plan to withdraw troops from Europe and Asia as "the wrong signal to send at the wrong time" as the United States battles terror and tries to curb North Korea's nuclear ambitions.	0 1
0	Bush: Terrorists May Plan More Attacks  WASHINGTON - Standing beside Iraq's interim leader, President Bush contended Thursday that insurgents could "plot and plan attacks elsewhere, in America and other free nations," if the United States pulled out. He said his top commander there has not asked for more troops but if he did, "I'd listen to him."   After meeting with interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi, Bush said he expects violence in Iraq to escalate as the country moves toward elections scheduled for January...	0
0	Kerry Says He's in a 'Fighting Mood' (AP)  AP - Democratic Sen. John Kerry said Saturday he's in "fighting mood" with two months to go to the presidential as his allies defended him from questions about his valor in Vietnam.	1
0	Bush Signs Orders for Intelligence Reform  WASHINGTON - Amid a heated election-year debate on intelligence reform, President Bush signed executive orders Friday strengthening the powers of the CIA director and establishing a new national counterterrorism center.    The moves will "improve our ability to find, track and stop terrorists," White House press secretary Scott McClellan said...	0
1	Local residents ponder the future of volatile region  Along with chaotic mourning for Yasser Arafat among Palestinians, there is calm reflection in Central Minnesota about the future of a conflicted region.	2
0	Bush Blisters Kerry on Iraq, Spending  WASHINGTON - President Bush blistered Sen. John Kerry on Wednesday as an apostle of "retreat in Iraq" and tax-and-spend liberalism at home...	0 1
0	Kerry Steps Up His Attack on Bush Over Iraq  Senator John Kerry said today that conditions were so bad that the elections in Iraq planned for January were in jeopardy.	1
0	U.S. Rules Out Iraq Women Prisoner Release  BAGHDAD, Iraq - Authorities insisted they won't give in to militants' demands to free female Iraqi prisoners despite the plea of a tearful British hostage begging Britain to save his life in a video released by his captors.    The captive, Kenneth Bigley, appealed to British Prime Minister Tony Blair to intervene...	3
1	P. Diddy Unhappy With Campaign Schedules  P. Diddy Says He #39;s Disappointed Bush, Kerry Aren #39;t Stopping in Urban Areas During Campaigns. Sean  quot;P. Diddy quot; Combs, throws  quot;Vote Or Die quot; T-shirts to the crowd, at an appearance of the Vote Or Die  #39;Shock and 	0
0	Barghouthi Pulls Out of Palestinian Election  Jailed Palestinian uprising leader Marwan Barghouthi has pulled out of a Jan. 9 presidential election to succeed Yasser Arafat, a close aide said on Sunday.	2
0	Mahmoud Abbas:  #39;We Can #39;t Wait #39;  Weymouth: Many say that Yasser Arafat #39;s death is a turning point in the Middle East. Do you see it that way? Abbas: Arafat was a symbolic leader for the Palestinian people.	2
0	Kerry uses outsourcing issue to discredit Bush's jobs record (AFP)  AFP - Outsourcing of American jobs to Asia has become a hot-button issue in the presidential election with White House aspirant Senator John Kerry promising the most sweeping reform of international tax law in four decades to halt the trend.	0 1
1	Bush Forced To Drop Still The One  George W. Bush has been forced to abruptly drop his theme song  #39;Still The One #39; by Orleans because he failed to obtain permission from the copyright owner, songwriter John Hall.	0
1	Arafat #39;s State of Health Remains Stable, #39; French Doctor Says  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s state of health remains stable, #39; #39; the French army doctor in charge of his treatment said, without giving any indication of the gravity of Arafat #39;s illness.	2
3	Koizumi to Bush: Strong Dollar Important (Reuters)  Reuters - Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi told President Bush at a bilateral meeting in Chile on Saturday that a strong U.S. dollar is important for the global economy.	0
0	AP Poll: Kerry Holds Small Lead Over Bush  WASHINGTON - Sen. John Kerry holds a slim lead over President Bush, according to an Associated Press poll that shows the Democrat gaining ground while Bush lost support on personal qualities, the war in Iraq and national security...	0 1
0	Palestinian officials hope Bush changes Mideast policy  Palestinian officials expressed hope Wednesday that US President George W. Bush #39;s second term in the White House will bring changes to his policy toward the MiddleEast and the Palestinians in particular.	0
0	British Hostage Pleads to Tony Blair  BAGHDAD, Iraq - The Arab news network Al-Jazeera on Wednesday broadcast footage of British hostage Kenneth Bigley pleading to British Prime Minister Tony Blair to work for his release.    The footage showed a sobbing Bigley talking from behind bars of what appeared to be a prison cell...	3
1	Worries of violent showdown over Gaza pullout intensify  Jerusalem - As Prime Minister Ariel Sharon pressed ahead this week with his Gaza Strip evacuation plan, he grappled with a new obstacle to implementing the withdrawal: the specter of violent clashes mushrooming into a civil war.	4
0	Bullets, Tears, Hopes of Peace After Arafat's Death   LONDON (Reuters) - Firing bullets into the air and weeping,  thousands of people streamed into Palestinian streets to mourn  Yasser Arafat on Thursday while world leaders praised him as a  symbol of his people's struggle for statehood.	2
1	CBS Can't Vouch for Bush Guard Documents (AP)  AP - CBS admitted Monday that it cannot vouch for the authenticity of documents used to support a "60 Minutes" story that questioned President Bush's Vietnam War-era National Guard service, after several experts denounced them as fakes.	0
0	Bush Warns Syria, Iran Against Meddling in Iraq  President Bush on Wednesday warned Iran and Syria not to meddle in Iraq ahead of elections scheduled for January 30 and voiced new hopes of forging peace between Israel and the Palestinians.	0
3	News Analysis: A first since Hoover in 1932  WASHINGTON It #39;s official: President George W. Bush will be the first US president since Herbert Hoover in 1932 to head into an election with fewer people working than when he started in office.	0
1	Thompson Becomes Eighth Member of Bush Cabinet to Step Down  Tommy G. Thompson resigned today as secretary of health and human services, becoming the eighth member of President Bush #39;s Cabinet to quit as Mr.	0
1	Candidates make closing arguments  SIOUX CITY, Iowa - Sen. John Kerry turns to economic issues Wednesday, while President Bush pursues an end game that includes persistent appeals for Democratic votes and a rarely used weapon in this bruising campaign - a positive commercial.	0 1
0	Cahill, Rove Lead Presidential Campaigns (AP)  AP - Karl Rove is a smooth, jovial political operative with a Texas-honed reputation as a ruthless competitor and three George W. Bush victories under his belt. Mary Beth Cahill is a daughter of Boston's rough-and-tumble ward battles who just last year brought her no-nonsense organizational skills to Democratic opponent John Kerry's camp.	0 1
0	Democratic 'Response Team' in New York (AP)  AP - A Democratic "rapid response team" is in New York, eager to remind Americans of the many domestic problems President Bush and his administration have not solved, Iowa Gov. Tom Vilsack says.	0
0	Israel's Peres Urges Election After Sharon Weakened   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's opposition Labour Party  leader called on Thursday for early elections, effectively  scrapping talks to enter the government after Prime Minister  Ariel Sharon's Likud party barred him from any negotiations.	4
1	Bush taps Rice  President Bush named Condoleezza Rice as his new secretary of state on Tuesday, continuing the metamorphosis of his foreign policy team by elevating a black daughter of the segregated 	0
0	Highlights of Bush's Education Proposals (AP)  AP - Highlights of President Bush's second-term education proposals:	0
1	 #39;Opposition #39; to Blair third term  Tony Blair reportedly faces growing opposition from elements within the Labour Party over his plan to serve a full third term as prime minister.	3
0	Sharon Wins Vote on a Plan to Aid Gaza Settlers  Israel #39;s prime minister, Ariel Sharon, won another crucial, but not definitive, parliamentary vote on Wednesday as legislators approved a  $900 million bill to compensate 	4
0	Arafat died of clotting disorder -- Le Monde  Paris, Nov. 17: Doctors who treated Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, believe he died of a blood condition called disseminated intravascular coagulation (DIC) and have ruled out poisoning, Le Monde newspaper reported today.	2
0	Newsview: Retooled Bush Speech Has Zingers (AP)  AP - After his lackluster debate performance and a government report undercutting his rationale for invading Iraq, Bush rolled out a revamped campaign speech Wednesday to refocus attention on his Democratic challenger. The speech bristled with new zingers that laid out in harsh and personal terms why Bush thinks Kerry is unfit to be commander in chief.	0 1
0	Powell and Three Others Leaving Cabinet (AP)  AP - Secretary of State Colin Powell and three other Cabinet members have resigned, escalating the shake-up of President Bush's second-term team. Senior administration officials said Monday that national security adviser Condoleezza Rice was most likely to succeed Powell.	0
1	Polls: Race is More About Kerry Than Bush  The most compelling aspect of these polls is that the voters are not embracing the president so much as they are turning away from Kerry.	1
1	US Politican Calls for Springsteen Boycott  A conservative US politician has called for a boycott of Bruce Springsteen, who has been leading a host of artists to oust current US President George W. Bush from the White House. 	0
0	Sharon asks for global alliance to fight terror  JERUSALEM Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel, speaking on the eve of a visit by the Russian foreign minister, called Sunday for an international anti-terrorist alliance after the deadly seizure of a Russian school by militants.	4
0	Clark: No Role in Kerry Administration (AP)  AP - Retired Army Gen. Wesley Clark, who sought the Democratic nomination for president, said Monday that he sees no role for himself in government if former rival John Kerry is elected president.	1
1	New poll: Kerry continues to hold edge over Bush in NJ  John Kerry is apparently ahead of President Bush among likely voters in New Jersey, with the Massachusetts Democrat holding a 45-38 percent edge in a poll released Friday.	0 1
1	Kerry vows to hunt down terrorists  United States Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry said on Friday that he will  quot;stop at absolutely nothing to hunt down, capture or kill the terrorists quot; in response to a video statement made by Osama bin Laden.	1
1	Anti-Ketchup Comments Draw Fire From Heinz  SARATOGA SPRINGS, N.Y. - Is putting Heinz ketchup on a burger tantamount to supporting John Kerry for president?    An upstate New York lawmaker apparently thinks so...	1
0	Israeli Strike Kills 3 W.Bank Militants  An Israeli aircraft fired a missile at a West Bank car Monday killing a leader of a militant group linked to Palestinian President Yasser Arafat #39;s Fatah faction and two comrades, witnesses said.	2
1	Four more Bush Cabinet secretaries resign  The White House said it would make public Monday four additional resignations from the Cabinet of President George W. Bush. White House spokesman Scott McClellan declined further 	0
0	Miers Picked As White House Counsel (AP)  AP - President Bush has decided to name Harriet Miers, a longtime Texas associate, as White House counsel, a senior administration official said Wednesday.	0
1	Poll: Kerry cuts into Bush lead; race even  WASHINGTON -- Sen. John Kerry has erased President Bush #39;s modest lead and the two candidates head into Election Day tied at 49 percent to 49 percent, a nationwide USA Today/ CNN/Gallup Poll shows as an extraordinarily 	0 1
0	MIDDLE EAST HORIZON BRIGHTENS WITH HELP FROM EGYPT  Just when the Iraq (news - web sites) war looks to be at its worst, just after Yasser Arafat (news - web sites) has died and the Israelis are still attacking Gaza, just 	2
0	Israel's Sharon Accuses Far-Right of Inciting War   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  accused far-rightists Sunday of trying to incite civil war over  his plan to withdraw from the occupied Gaza Strip and called  for measures to curb such groups.	4
1	Bush poised to win popular vote, and possibly Ohio, in electoral <b>...</b>  WASHINGTON (CP) - The US election went down to the wire Tuesday in a tight race that lacked the controversy of the 2000 nail-biter but suggested a deeply polarized electorate wary about abandoning their commander in chief in a time of war.	0
0	Kerry Warns Draft Possible if Bush Wins  WASHINGTON - John Kerry said Friday there is a "great potential" for a new military draft to replace overextended U.S. troops in Iraq if President Bush wins a second term, despite Bush's repeated pledges to maintain the all-volunteer service...	0 1
1	Bush Appeals To Congress For Intelligence Overhaul  WASHINGTON -- President George W. Bush said the US has made  quot;great progress quot; in the war on terror, but there #39;s much still to do.	0
1	Kerry pulls McCain ad  Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry #39;s campaign is stopping an advertisement that features footage of Arizona Republican Sen. John McCain rebuking President George W. Bush during the 2000 primary campaign.	0 1
1	We Have To Talk  It is hard to overstate the sense of shock across much of Europe at the popular mandate that Americans have given George W. Bush, even if the result itself was no great surprise.	0
1	Presidential face-off as divided here as swing states in spotlight  Three local costume shops report that Halloween masks of President Bush sold out faster than ones of Democratic candidate John Kerry.	0 1
0	Palestinians Will Reveal Cause of Arafat #39;s Death  The Palestinian prime minister promised today to make public the cause of Yasser Arafats death as an emissary was sent to Paris to pick up his medical records.	2
0	Finally, right-minded on the right  In a bold and controversial move, Israeli Prime Minister, Ariel Sharon has decided to pull out and destroy all Jewish settlements in the West Bank and Gaza strip.	4
0	POLITICAL POINTS  1:27 PM Sorry Is the Hardest Word  It did not go unnoticed among the press corps traveling with President Bush that British Prime Minister Tony Blair apologized this week to fellow Labor Party officials for the fact that, as it 	0 3
0	Kerry Ads Underscore His Vietnam Service  WASHINGTON - The Democratic Party launched a costly round of ads Friday to buttress John Kerry's credentials to be commander in chief as the White House accused the Massachusetts senator of "losing his cool" over attacks on his war record.   "John Kerry is a fighter and he doesn't tolerate lies from others," spokeswoman Stephanie Cutter shot back at President Bush's spokesman...	0 1
0	CIA Nominee Promises to Shed Partisanship (AP)  AP - President Bush's nominee to head the CIA promised Tuesday to shed his political past and provide precise, objective and independent intelligence to the president and Congress. But after a 4 1/2-hour confirmation hearing, some Democrats on the Senate Intelligence Committee were not convinced.	0
0	Bush Tempers All-Out Terrorism Victory  WASHINGTON - President Bush says staying the course in the war on terror will make the world safer for future generations, though he acknowledges an all-out victory against terrorism may not be possible.    In an interview on NBC-TV's "Today" show broadcast to coincide with Monday's start of the Republican National Convention in New York, Bush said retreating from the war on terror "would be a disaster for your children.'"  "You cannot show weakness in this world today because the enemy will exploit that weakness," he said...	0
1	Israelis Kill 5 Palestinians, Sharon Under Pressure  Israeli troops killed five Palestinian militants in gun battles on Monday as Prime Minister Ariel Sharon sought to dampen rising pressure for a referendum on his plan to withdraw from occupied Gaza.	4
0	Sharon Presents Gaza Pullout Timetable  Description: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon presents a detailed timetable for Israel #39;s withdrawal from most of the Gaza Strip.	4
0	Bush Says He's Best Protection From Draft  DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. - President Bush turned the tables Saturday on Sen...	0
1	Our ties are strong, Bush tells Canada  President Bush used humor, flattery and a bit of scolding yesterday to try to convince Canadians that the traditional friendship between their nation and the United 	0
1	Bush, Kerry Puppets Debate in Times Square (AP)  AP - The felt flew during a rain-drenched Times Square debate between President Bush and Democratic contender John Kerry  #151; in puppet form  #151; on the afternoon before the real deal in Florida.	0 1
0	North Korea #39;s nukes at top of US agenda  Pressuring North Korea to give up its nuclear-weapons program and strengthening the coalition in the war on terror will be the focus of President Bush #39;s diplomacy at the Asia-Pacific summit that begins formally tomorrow.	0
0	France pours cold water on Bush's sunny vision of Iraq (AFP)  AFP - France, one of the harshest critics of the war that brought down Saddam Hussein, stressed it would not commit troops for Iraq despite appeals from the United States and United Nations.	0
3	Koizumi to Bush: Strong Dollar Important   SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - Japanese Prime Minister  Junichiro Koizumi told President Bush at a bilateral meeting in  Chile on Saturday that a strong U.S. dollar is important for  the global economy.	0
1	Bush tackling big agenda  A confident, lighthearted President Bush vowed on Thursday to move quickly and vigorously to enact the ambitious agenda he set out during the campaign, saying  quot;the people made it clear what they wanted.	0
1	Bush, Kerry Sparring Over Troops in Iraq  With far more than military hearts and minds at stake, the presidential contenders are clashing over who best stands for US soldiers -- President Bush accusing his opponent of  quot;denigrating quot; them, Sen.	0
1	Bush Seeks to Energize Supporters, Appeals to Democrats  President Bush is campaigning almost non-stop in the days leading up to next Tuesday #39;s election, seeking to energize members of his Republican Party while appealing to Democrats who may not 	0
0	Bush Raises Campaign Funds in D.C., N.C.  WASHINGTON - President Bush is dusting off his fund-raiser-in-chief hat and resuming the task of collecting campaign cash for himself and other Republican candidates. He was raising money Friday in Washington and North Carolina and, while down south, was holding an event designed to boost his standing among women voters...	0
3	Taking The Plunge  On the way to his vision of an "ownership society," President Bush picks a big fight over Social Security	0
0	Bush Ready to Accept GOP Nomination  NEW YORK - President Bush was reaching out to Americans to keep him on the job, recalling the Sept. 11, 2001, terror attacks "when one era ended and another began," and offering himself as a resolute wartime commander in chief with ambitious plans for a second term...	0
0	Blair tells US not to go it alone  Tony Blair cautioned President George W Bush last night not to go it alone in the war on terror or attempt a military solution to every crisis.	3
1	Stakes high as Bush, Kerry gear up for first debate  The campaigns of US President George W. Bush and his Democratic rival John Kerry have assaulted each other over everything from Iraq to economy since the two presidential 	0 1
0	N. Korea cloud not seen as N-test  WASHINGTON -- The United States has received indications North Korea might be trying to test a nuclear weapon, but there is no evidence that a large mushroom cloud that reportedly billowed up from North Korea Thursday was linked to the communist nation's suspected nuclear weapons program, a senior Bush administration official said yesterday.	0
1	Let Kerry fix health-care mess  I know, theres only one issue that matters in this presidential contest, the war in Iraq. But just in case some voters are willing to look at a domestic issue offering a crystal-clear difference between President George W. Bush and Sen.	0 1
0	Bush, Kerry Teams Agree to Three Debates (AP)  AP - Negotiators for President Bush and Democrat John Kerry agreed Monday to three 90-minute debates beginning Sept. 30, including one town-hall format with questions from undecided voters in the audience.	0 1
1	Blair refuses to apologize for faulty Iraq intelligence  LONDON - Tony Blair is under increasing pressure to apologize for misrepresenting intelligence about Saddam Hussein #39;s weapons, but the British prime minister continued to hold his ground against attacks from his political opposition.	3
0	Bush administration adopts UN #39;s wait-and-see posture on Iran #39;s <b>...</b>  STATE DEPARTMENT The Bush administration has agreed to give Iran time to fulfill its promise to freeze all uranium enrichment programs, while continuing to accuse the country of repeated deceptions.	0
0	Kerry Widens Lead in California, Poll Finds (Reuters)  Reuters - Democratic challenger John Kerry has a commanding lead over President Bush in California of 54 percent to 38 percent among likely voters, a poll released on Tuesday found.	0 1
0	Killers #39; video shows Bigley making a final plea to Blair  Kenneth Bigley made a last, desperate appeal to Tony Blair to save his life before he was beheaded, a videotape revealed yesterday.	3
1	Giuliani Personally Apologizes For Kerik Nomination  WASHINGTON -- Former New York mayor Rudolph Giuliani personally apologized to President George W. Bush for the abortive nomination of Giuliani #39;s close associate, Bernard Kerik, as homeland security secretary.	0
1	Campaign Notebook Kerry says Bush gave in to NRA on weapons ban  Sen. John Kerry accused President Bush yesterday of being beholden to the National Rifle Association and the gun lobby because he hasn #39;t pressed Congress to extend the 10-year-old assault-weapons ban that expires Monday.	0 1
0	Arafat mourned as Egypt readies for funeral  Palestinian politicians Thursday tried to fill the void left by the death of Yasser Arafat, a lone-style leader who put a nationalist movement on the world map but willed to his successors a fragile, stateless people.	2
3	How They Would Fix It  Bush and Kerry both talk about providing health care for the uninsured. Here's how they would do it	0 1
0	Labour peer says Blair considered quitting due to family pressures (Canadian Press)  Canadian Press - LONDON (AP) - Fuelling persistent rumours that Tony Blair considered resigning this year, an acquaintance said Tuesday the prime minister had come under "colossal strain" at home.	3
0	Peres: Sharon Risks Assassination for Gaza Plan   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Opposition leader Shimon Peres said  on Tuesday he feared Israeli extremists might try to  assassinate Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, the target of growing  far-right fury over a planned withdrawal from Gaza next year.	4
0	Weisglas #39;s Boldness  Not a single government in the Middle East or in the whole world could have confidently claimed that the Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon meant, through his plan of  quot;disengagement quot; with the Palestinians, that is Israel #39;s withdrawal from the Gaza Strip 	4
1	Schilling coming to Verizon with President Bush  Red Sox pitching ace Curt Schilling will accompany President George W. Bush to his campaign stops in Manchester and Portsmouth on Friday.	0
1	Former US vice president Gore urges black voters to vote  Former US vice president Al Gore, campaigning for Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry, urged African-American voters in Florida on Sunday to go out to vote, saying every vote would be crucial.	1
1	Bush, Kerry begin high-stakes debate  CORAL GABLES, Fla. - The first of three 2004 presidential debates has begun, giving Americans get their first chance to see President Bush and John Kerry side-by-side in a high-stakes discussion about terrorism 	0 1
0	Bush Defends Record as Protesters Hit NY Streets (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush, on the road to next week's Republican convention, defended his economic record in hard-hit Ohio on Saturday as abortion-rights activists marched through New York City on the front edge of a wave of anti-Bush protests.	0
0	French Doctors Examine Seriously Ill Arafat   CLAMART, France (Reuters) - Palestinian leader Yasser  Arafat, who doctors say may have leukemia, was conscious and in  "good shape" at a French hospital on Friday after leaving the  West Bank for the first time in more than 2-1/2 years.	2
0	3 militants slain in Israeli air strike  JENIN, West BankAn Israeli aircraft fired a missile at a West Bank car yesterday killing a leader of a militant group linked to Palestinian President Yasser Arafat #39;s Fatah faction and two of his comrades.	2
0	Blair ready to respond but not negotiate  British Prime Minister Tony Blair says his Government is making every effort to secure the release of Ken Bigley, who is being held in Iraq.	3
0	Hu, Koizumi give congratulations  Chinese President Hu Jintao () and Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi both congratulated US President George W. Bush yesterday on his re-election and said they were looking forward to better relations with Washington.	0
0	Japan Warns Of Delays For U.S. Beef    TOKYO, Oct. 26 -- Japanese opposition leaders and consumer groups this week criticized a tentative agreement to lift a ban on U.S. beef imports, calling it a political gift from Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi to President Bush before the U.S. election.	0
0	Attacks Sharpen as Clock Ticks Down  The Democratic presidential nominee accused the president on Tuesday of hiding embarrassments in Iraq, and Bush chastised Kerry for grasping at passing headlines instead of building a coherent proposal.	0 1
0	Sharon Allows 1,000 More Settler Homes in West Bank   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon approved  tenders to build 1,000 more Israeli settler homes in the  occupied West Bank, plans that were shelved earlier to avoid  discord with Washington, political sources said Tuesday.	4
0	US urges Israel to help Palestinian vote  US Secretary of State Colin Powell has launched a new Middle East peace drive by saying he will press both Israeli and Palestinian leaders for steps to help Palestinians elect a successor to Yasser Arafat.	2
1	Franken Brings Liberal Talk Show to Ark. (AP)  AP - Coming to a "red state" to celebrate the nation's last "blue president" seems to be just the medicine for Al Franken two weeks after President Bush's re-election.	0
1	Democrats Protest Anti-Kerry Ads at Bush #39;s Ranch  A former Democratic senator who lost three of his limbs during the Vietnam War plans to deliver a letter of protest to President Bush Wednesday, asking him to denounce political advertisements questioning John Kerry #39;s war record.	0 1
0	Kerry Criticizes Bush and Cheney on Halliburton's Iraq Contracts  Senator John Kerry accused the Bush administration today of steering lucrative no-bid contracts to the company.	1
1	Blair pledges to  #39;end digital divide #39; if re-elected  Prime Minister Tony Blair has committed a future Labour government to providing broadband access for all during a next term of office.	3
0	Bush, Kerry Looking for Edge in Debate  SANTA FE, N.M. - President Bush and Sen...	0
1	WORLD BRIEFS  SHARON WARNS OF CIVIL WAR. Prime Minister Ariel Sharon criticized Israeli hard-liners yesterday, warning that heated rhetoric against his plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip could lead to civil war.	4
1	French to release Arafat medical records  French officials were expected to release the medical records of Yasser Arafat to his nephew today, with Palestinian officials indicating they would make them public.	2
0	Bush: Kerry Wrongly Questioned Allawi  JANESVILLE, Wis. - Democrat John Kerry wrongly questioned the credibility of the interim Iraqi leader, and "you can't lead this country" while undercutting an ally, President Bush said Friday...	0 1
0	Bush Tries to Restart Stalled N. Ireland Talks  President Bush on Friday telephoned Ian Paisley, leader of a Protestant-dominated party in Northern Ireland that has resisted power-sharing with its main Roman Catholic 	0
1	Bush Wants to Get North Korea Nuclear Talks Going  President Bush plans to urge allies at an Asia-Pacific summit in Chile this weekend to press North Korea to return to stalled talks over its nuclear weapons program, senior US officials said on Wednesday.	0
1	Senate #39;s top Dem has advice for GOP  WASHINGTON -- Newly elected Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid prodded President Bush and Republicans on Tuesday to join him in working across party lines over the next two years and said,  quot;I would always rather dance than fight.	0
0	US asks Israel to clarify comments made by top PM aide  The United States on Wednesday evening asked Israel to clarify statements made by Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s senior advisor, Dov Weisglass, in an interview with Haaretz, according to which the disengagement plan means a  quot;freezing of the peace process 	4
0	Bush Reviews Disputed Guard Documents (AP)  AP - President Bush has reviewed disputed documents that purport to show he refused orders to take a physical examination in 1972 and did not recall having seen them previously, a White House official said Saturday.	0
0	Blair Leaves Hospital After Operation  LONDON - British Prime Minister Tony Blair underwent a successful operation Friday to correct an irregular heartbeat and was recovering at home, a hospital official said.    Simon Wilde, a spokesman for Hammersmith Hospital in west London, also said Blair would have a "rapid and complete recovery" and there was a low risk the problem would recur...	3
0	Scientists Hit Campaign Trail for Kerry (AP)  AP - Mixing science and politics, Nobel laureates and former presidential advisers are heading to campaign battleground states with a message that George W. Bush is no friend of scientists and should be replaced by John Kerry.	0 1
0	Bush Says Kerry 'More Heroic' for Going to Vietnam (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush on Saturday described John Kerry's tour of duty in Vietnam as more heroic than his own service in the Air National Guard, saying his Democratic rival had been "in harm's way."	0 1
1	McConnell meets with Israeli leaders during trip to Middle East  US Sen. Mitch McConnell met with top Israeli officials Sunday and took a helicopter tour over the West Bank during a visit to the Middle East that comes amid the political tumult of Yasser Arafat #39;s death.	2
0	Sharon emerges victorious after internal opposition  Jerusalem: Despite several defeats on the battlefield, Ariel Sharon, the former general turned Israeli prime minister, has finally won the war to implement his Gaza pullout plan after neutralising his internal enemies.	4
1	Democrats Seek Probe of Anti-Kerry Broadcast   WASHINGTON (Hollywood Reporter) - The Democratic Party and  18 senators are seeking a pair of federal investigations into  Sinclair Broadcast Group's plans to preempt network primetime  programing on its 62 TV stations nationwide later this month to  air a documentary critical of Sen. John Kerry's antiwar  activities.	1
1	Bush, Visiting Canada, Aims to Smooth Ruffled Relations  President Bush on Tuesday thanked Canadians who waved a welcome to him  quot;with all five fingers quot; on his first official visit to their country, but he also appeared defensive 	0
0	Report May Undercut Bush's Iraq Rationale (AP)  AP - The final report of the chief U.S. arms inspector for Iraq was expected to undercut a principal Bush administration rationale for removing Saddam Hussein, that Saddam's Iraqi government had weapons of mass destruction.	0
0	Fatah Party Chooses Abbas As Its Candidate (AP)  AP - The ruling Fatah party chose Mahmoud Abbas as its candidate to replace Yasser Arafat as head of the Palestinian Authority in Jan. 9 elections, a Palestinian official said. Abbas, 69, Arafat's longtime deputy as head of the Palestine Liberation Organization, has already been named head of the PLO.	2
0	Bush Mocks Kerry for 'Changing Positions' on Iraq (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush on Monday mocked his Democratic rival John Kerry for shifting his positions on Iraq so many times he could "debate himself" in this week's face-off between the two candidates.	0 1
0	Israel take steps to aid Palestinian moderates: report :  New York, Nov 15 : Israel has quietly taken steps aimed at strengthening the standing of Palestinians moderates and agreed to consider others after the death of Yasser Arafat, according to a media report.	2
1	Kerry Has Post-Debate Edge Over Bush: Survey  Washington, Oct. 4 (NNN): The latest poll survey shows that Democrat John Kerry has a lead over President George Walker Bush after their first television debate last week.	1
1	Comparing policies of presidential candidates  The president of the United States is widely considered the most powerful person in the world. Two main candidates are running for president in November: George W. Bush for the Republican Party and John Kerry for the Democratic Party.	0 1
1	Sharon Fights Political Doubt  After winning one of the toughest political fights of his career before Israel #39;s parliament, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon faces a colossal battle 	4
0	Bush, Defense Advisers Map Out Policy (AP)  AP - President Bush is mapping out defense strategy with his top defense advisers as U.S. deaths in Iraq inch toward 1,000 and the election campaign focuses intently on he and Democrat John Kerry's credentials for keeping the nation safe.	0 1
1	Kerry zooms in on Bush economic record  WASHINGTON : Democrat John Kerry, seeking to refocus his White House battle against George W. Bush, zeroed in on the president #39;s economic record he called a litany of fiscal failure and favoritism for the rich.	0 1
1	Guard commander #39;s memos criticize Bush  President Bush #39;s commander in the Texas Air National Guard concluded that Bush was failing to meet standards for fighter pilots, but the commander felt 	0
1	Bush Vows Second-Term Push for Palestinian State  President Bush on Friday set a four-year goal of seeing a Palestinian state established and he and British Prime Minister Tony Blair vowed to mobilize international support to help make it happen now that Yasser Arafat is dead.	0 2 3
1	Bush strategist Karl Rove takes victory lap  Washington:Karl Rove, architect of President George W Bush #39;s re-election, took a victory lap around the US talk shows on Sunday, relishing the victory he had stage-managed from the shadows, and saying Bush will seek a ban on gay marriage in his second term 	0
3	Bush Signs  $136 Billion Corporate Tax Cut Bill  With no fanfare, President Bush today signed the most sweeping rewrite of corporate tax law in nearly two decades, showering  $136 billion in new tax breaks on businesses and other groups.	0
0	Arafat deputies to consult doctors  JERUSALEM - With Yasser Arafat fighting for his life in a French hospital, his top lieutenants will fly to Paris for consultations with his doctors, a senior official said Sunday, as Palestinian leaders worked to set up contingency plans in the event of 	2
1	Over 200,000 Turn Out to Protest Bush in New York  Vice President Cheney launched the Republican convention Sunday in a speech hailing President Bush #39;s war leadership, as more than 200,000 demonstrators took to the streets 	0
1	CBS stands by challenged documents on Bush  WASHINGTON -- CBS News acknowledges memos it received about President Bush #39;s service in the Air National Guard are difficult to definitively authenticate, but says they came from  quot;solid sources.	0
0	Bush overcomes bin Laden in battle for Britain's Turner Prize (AFP)  AFP - An exhibit featuring a film about US President George W. Bush's home town in Texas won the Turner Prize, Britain's most prestigious art award, pipping a digital recreation of Osama bin Laden's house.	0
1	Debate Finished, Candidates Race Back to Campaign Trail  President Bush and Senator John Kerry stumped Saturday through four critical states, using increasingly acerbic language as they tried to capitalize 	0 1
0	Chaos as Arafat is laid to rest in Ramallah  The flag-draped coffin of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat has been carried through a crowd of tens of thousands of mourners amid the sound of gunfire.	2
3	Congress Approves Tax Cuts  The Senate approved the measure 92-3 Thursday night less than an hour after it cleared the House by a similarly lopsided 339-65. The measure now goes to Bush for his signature.	0
3	The Choice on the Deficit  BOTH PRESIDENTIAL candidates want you to think they have a serious plan to deal with the budget deficit. President Bush and Democratic nominee John F. Kerry each promise to cut it in half in the next several years.	0
0	Harkin Calls Cheney Comments 'Cowardly' (AP)  AP - Sen. Tom Harkin pushed the name-calling in the presidential race to a new level, calling Vice President Dick Cheney a coward for not serving in Vietnam and cowardly for his criticism of John Kerry.	1
1	Bush, Kerry trade jabs on war, jobs  Sen. John Kerry, under pressure from Democratic leaders to draw sharper contrasts between himself and George W. Bush, launched a series of blistering attacks 	0 1
0	Powell Wins Israeli Vow to Ensure Palestinian Vote   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Reviving a long-dormant U.S.  peacemaking role, Secretary of State Colin Powell won an  Israeli pledge on Monday to allow Palestinians freedom of  movement to enable them to hold an election for Yasser Arafat's  successor.	2
1	Source for Rather Seeks New Lawyer, Might Sue CBS  Former Texas National Guard officer Bill Burkett, who provided CBS News with possibly fraudulent documents purporting to show that President Bush shirked his Guard duty, is looking for a lawyer 	0
0	Arafat #39;s condition deteriorates  The French doctors treating Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat say his health has suffered a setback and they are carrying out more tests to discover why.	2
0	Bush, Kerry Spar Over Nukes, Terrorists (AP)  AP - President Bush and John Kerry agree that the most horrifying threat facing the country is a nuclear weapon in terrorist hands, each man claiming to be best able to prevent it from happening. But securing bomb-grade material in Russia and at labs elsewhere will be a daunting task no matter who is in the White House.	0 1
0	Sharon says will seek coalition with Labour  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon says he will seek a governing coalition with Shimon Peres #39;s Labour Party and pledged to press ahead with a planned Gaza pullout.	4
1	Bush to Sign Intelligence Reform Orders Today  President Bush on Friday will sign a series of executive orders giving the CIA director some of the authority envisioned by the Sept.	0
0	Jailed leader a threat in Palestinian vote  RAMALLAH, WEST BANK -- Opinion polls published yesterday showed jailed Palestinian uprising leader Marwan Barghouti poses a threat to mainstream candidate Mahmoud Abbas in the Jan. 9 presidential election to replace Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Sharon: Gaza Plan Only Way to Security  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon opened a stormy debate in parliament Monday with a passionate appeal to lawmakers to support his Gaza withdrawal plan - which has divided the country 	4
1	Volatile numbers push states to front of race  John Kerry campaigns here this morning. President Bush had his turn Saturday, while Kerry running mate John Edwards was in Daytona Beach.	0 1
0	The Politics of Fear  John F. Kerry and his supporters are adopting President Bush's strategy of playing on the public's security concerns as voters get a heavier-than-ever dose of speeches and television ads from both candidates designed to convince them the other ticket would make the world more dangerous.	0 1
0	Bush Prepares for Possible GPS Shutdown (AP)  AP - President Bush has ordered plans for temporarily disabling the U.S. network of global positioning satellites during a national crisis to prevent terrorists from using the navigational technology, the White House said Wednesday.	0
0	Palestine hostage drama  GAZA: Palestinian gunmen kidnapped a top security official and held him for several hours in the Gaza Strip yesterday in a fresh challenge to President Yasser Arafat #39;s rule.	2
1	Blair apologises for Iraq intelligence, not war  British Prime Minister Tony Blair has remained defiant at a Labour Party annual conference, but admitted that some mistakes had been made over the war in Iraq.	3
0	Democrats, Republicans battle for suburban vote in US presidential election (AFP)  AFP - This suburb of Pennsylvania's largest city, with its carefully-groomed lawns lined with signs supporting President George W. Bush or Democrat John Kerry, represents one of the many fronts in the battle for the White House.	0 1
1	'Kill Bush' rappers rapped by US  Norwegian rappers who set up a website appearing to call on people to kill President Bush is in trouble with US authorities.	0
3	Bush Nominates Chief of Kellogg as Commerce Secretary  Carlos Gutierrez, Kellogg's chief executive since 1999 and a native of Cuba, now faces Senate confirmation.	0
1	THE TERM AHEAD Bush Prepares for Changes in Programs and Cabinet  President Bush #39;s aides are preparing the groundwork to move ahead with his plans to overhaul the tax code and Social Security, as cabinet members await signals 	0
0	Kerry Ad Blitz to Begin in Seven States  NEW YORK - John Kerry's  $50 million post-Labor Day advertising effort will start in seven states before expanding to an additional 13, creating a coast-to-coast presidential battleground map by Nov. 2...	1
1	Bush And Kerry To Square Off Thursday In Strictly Formatted Debate  After six months of firing long-distance spitballs at one another across battleground state lines, President George W. Bush and Senator John F. Kerry of Massachusetts finally go at it face to face this week.	0
0	Sharon Vows to Escalate Gaza Offensive  JERUSALEM - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon pledged Sunday to escalate a broad Israeli offensive in northern Gaza, saying troops will remain until Palestinian rocket attacks are halted. Israeli officials said the offensive - in which at least 61 Palestinians and three Israelis have been killed - will help clear the way for an Israeli withdrawal...	4
0	Australia #39;s Howard Says Bush Win a Victory for Terrorism Fight  Australian Prime Minister John Howard said the re-election of close ally US President George W. Bush was a victory for the fight against terrorism.	0
0	Time to Test China and Russia  One key difference between John Kerry and George Bush often cited in the presidential campaign is how each would enlist other nations in battling terrorists.	1
1	Democrat gloom as Bush soars into lead  Deep gloom descended upon the ranks of Senator John Kerry #39;s campaign yesterday as opinion polls provided further evidence of the success of the Republican convention last 	0 1
0	Bush, Cheney Left Off Mo. County Ballots (AP)  AP - Officials in one Missouri county are reprinting absentee ballots for the Nov. 2 general election after discovering that President Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney were left off.	0
1	Israel Winds Down Gaza Military Operation  Several thousand Israeli settlers and supporters demonstrate, during a rally against Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s planned pullout and evacuation of Gaza Strip Jewish settlements, near Sharon #39;s residence, in Jerusalem, Thursday, Oct. 14, 2004.	4
0	Bush's Nephew Rips Armed Border Guards (AP)  AP - President Bush's nephew, campaigning for overseas votes in Mexico on Saturday, called the federal policy of arming U.S. Border Patrol agents with plastic pellet guns "reprehensible."	0
3	Kerry seeks campaign help from Clinton  TONY EASTLEY: Former US President Bill Clinton is recovering after heart bypass surgery, but it could be up to eight weeks before doctors say he #39;s back on his feet.	1
0	Springsteen to Kick Off 'Vote for Change'  PHILADELPHIA - Two of the biggest forces in rock music over the last 20 years were plugging in their amplifiers Friday to kick off a high-volume effort to oust President Bush on Nov. 2...	0
1	Speculation begins about departures from Bush #39;s Cabinet  Speculation swirled about Washington Thursday over the future makeup of President Bush #39;s Cabinet, with reports indicating Attorney General John Ashcroft is likely to leave the administration soon.	0
0	Wild Crowds, Gunfire Force Hasty Arafat Burial   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - A chaotic crush of mourners  filling the air with gunfire forced a hasty burial of Yasser  Arafat on Friday in the finale to a tumultuous life as the  trailblazer of Palestinian nationalism.	2
0	Sharon plan  #39;blocked peace talks #39;  A top Israeli official has bluntly admitted Ariel Sharon #39;s Gaza withdrawal plan was formulated to block peace negotiations with the Palestinians.	4
0	Barney the Dog Big Hit in GOP Video  NEW YORK - The presidential pup made his convention debut Wednesday night in a spoof on the movie "Rocky," showing the pooch hitting the campaign trail.    Delegates saw a video that opened with White House advisers Karl Rove and Andy Card in a heated debate about how to improve President Bush's poll numbers among an important bloc - dogs...	0
0	Congress Extends Middle-Class Tax Breaks  WASHINGTON - With lopsided margins in both houses, Congress gave President Bush his fourth tax cut in four years, extending three popular middle-class tax breaks and reviving some expired business tax incentives just six weeks before the election.    Many Democrats complained during the debate Thursday that majority Republicans who control Congress should have offset the lost revenue to keep the nation's soaring deficits from getting worse...	0
0	Bush and Allawi Say Iraqi Voting Won't Be Put Off  Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld spoke about the possibility that the elections might be held only in parts of Iraq.	0
1	Springsteen Kicks Off 'Vote for Change' (AP)  AP - Two of the biggest forces in rock music over the last 20 years were plugging in the amplifiers Friday to kick off a high-volume effort to oust President Bush on Nov. 2.	0
1	Rehnquist to swear in President Bush  Chief Justice William Rehnquist plans to administer the presidential oath of office in January, despite recent surgery and treatment for thyroid cancer, a Supreme Court spokeswoman said Friday.	0
0	Soldier, 4 Militants Die in Renewed Gaza Fighting   GAZA (Reuters) - Four Palestinian militants and an Israeli  soldier were killed Tuesday in the heaviest Gaza fighting since  Yasser Arafat's death, raising the prospect that renewed  violence could complicate a vote for his successor.	2
0	Bush, Kerry Seek Boost From Final Debate  SANTA FE, N.M. - President Bush and Sen...	0
0	Moore Accused of Offering Gifts for Votes (AP)  AP - Republicans say filmmaker Michael Moore should be prosecuted for offering underwear, potato chips and Ramen noodles to college students in exchange for their promise to vote for John Kerry.	1
0	Blair Won't Apologize Over Iraq  LONDON - Prime Minister Tony Blair denied Wednesday that he misrepresented intelligence about Iraqi weapons before the war, rejecting growing demands in Parliament that he apologize.   "I cannot bring myself to say that I misrepresented the evidence, since I do not accept that I did," Blair said in the House of Commons...	3
0	CIA Nominee Promises to Shed Partisanship  WASHINGTON - President Bush's nominee to head the CIA promised Tuesday to shed his political past and provide precise, objective and independent intelligence to the president and Congress. But after a 4 1/2-hour confirmation hearing, some Democrats on the Senate Intelligence Committee were not convinced...	0
1	World Leaders Seek to Adapt to Expected Bush Win  World leaders sought to adapt on Wednesday to the idea of four more years of President Bush, with friends hailing his expected re-election and critics vowing to make the best of it, especially in Iraq.	0
0	Bush, Kerry Likely to Clash on Economy  SANTA FE, N.M. - President Bush and Sen...	0
0	Sharon reroutes barrier section  JERUSALEM -- The separation barrier in the West Bank will move closer to Israel in one area to minimize hardship to Palestinians, leaving three small Jewish settlements on the Palestinian side, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon decided yesterday.	4
1	Veteran CBS News Anchor Dan Rather to Resign   NEW YORK (Reuters) - Veteran newsman Dan Rather, embroiled  in a recent journalism scandal about President Bush's service  in the National Guard during the Vietnam War, will resign in  March as the CBS network's top news anchor, the network said on  Tuesday.	0
3	Bush Eyes Tax Overhaul  Changes to tax code would drastically cut, if not eliminate, taxes on savings and investment.	0
0	Bush Blames Defect for Flu Shot Shortage (AP)  AP - In a state flush with elderly voters concerned about the lack of flu vaccine, President Bush on Tuesday sought to allay fears about shortages that he says were caused by a "major manufacturing defect" but Democrats link to incompetence.	0
1	Observers speculate on Mideast peace process without Arafat  When Rabbi Jonathan Gerard traveled to Israel in 1996 his group took a bus to the border of Gaza and, led by armed Palestinian guards through throngs of Palestinians, met with Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Bush: Kerry Weak on Terror, Strong on Taxes (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush called Democrat John Kerry weak on the war on terror and strong on higher taxes as he unveiled a new stump speech on Friday during a barnstorm tour of three swing states.	0 1
0	Memos Show Bush Suspended From Flying  WASHINGTON - Newly unearthed memos state George W. Bush was suspended from flying for the Texas Air National Guard during the Vietnam war because he failed to meet Guard standards and failed to take his annual flight physical as required...	0
1	Bush Visits Fla., Gives  $2B in Relief Aid  FORT PIERCE, Fla. Sept. 8, 2004 - President Bush on Wednesday helped distribute bottled water, bags of ice, food and  $2 billion in federal aid to hurricane-battered residents of this vital electoral state.	0
0	Bush Pledges 'Nothing Will Hold Us Back'  NEW YORK - President Bush picked apart John Kerry's record on the Iraq war and tax cuts Thursday night and summoned the nation toward victory over terrorism and economic security at home. "Nothing will hold us back," he said in a Republican National Convention acceptance speech that launched his fall re-election campaign...	0 1
1	Is it time for Bush to celebrate?!  Today proved to be the toughest fought presidential campaigns in the history of the United States. However, Bush still needs to wait for the final resolution of voting dispute before being reelected.	0
1	Sharon Still Backs Road Map After Advisor Calls Peace Process  #39; <b>...</b>  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Israel still supports the US-backed road map peace plan. Sharon spoke after a senior advisor was quoted as saying that Sharon #39;s 	4
0	Bush, Kerry skirt thorny Taiwan question in polls run-up (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush and rival John Kerry have conveniently avoided public debate on Taiwan ahead of the November 2 presidential vote but analysts expect differences on the core issue in difficult US-China relations.	0 1
1	Palestinians Register Candidates for New President  Palestinians began registering candidates on Saturday for a presidential election to replace Yasser Arafat, while officials warned the vote may be delayed if Israel does not halt military activities.	2
0	Edwards Emerges As Typical VP Candidate (AP)  AP - Smooth, smiling John Edwards is sounding more like the traditional vice presidential candidate, calling President Bush a con artist and Vice President Dick Cheney a hypocrite, and all but labeling both Republicans liars.	0
0	Sharon Says Will Seek Coalition with Labor (Reuters)  Reuters - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Thursday he would seek a coalition with Shimon Peres's Labor Party and pledged to press ahead with a planned Gaza pullout.	4
0	Candidates Play on Fears of Attacks, Wars  WASHINGTON - Playing on the fear factor, Vice President Dick Cheney suggested in a campaign speech there might be another terrorist attack on the United States if John Kerry were in the White House. President Bush's opponents' are raising their own worst fears, including the potential for more wars during a second Bush term...	0 1
1	Stocks soar as investors cheer Bush victory  NEW YORK - US stocks soared yesterday as world oil prices plummeted and as investors cheered the re-election of investor-friendly President George W Bush.	0
1	Palestinians want records public  The widow of the late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, has been given his medical records by the Percy military hospital in Paris, where he died.	2
0	Tearing up the road map  In 2002, President Bush laid down a  quot;road map for peace quot; between Israel and the Palestinians. That road map, to which Israel agreed, called flatly for Israelis to immediately freeze all settlement activity on the occupied West Bank.	0
0	Black vote firmly behind Kerry: Jesse Jackson (AFP)  AFP - Civil rights leader Jesse Jackson insisted that polls suggesting lukewarm African American support for Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry will be proved wrong on election day.	1
0	British court rules against policy on terror detentions  LONDON -- In a rebuke to Tony Blair's government, Britain's highest court yesterday ruled that the country's policy allowing indefinite detention of foreign terrorism suspects violates European human rights laws and is discriminatory.	3
0	Palestinian state shelved  #39;with US blessing #39;  Ariel Sharon #39;s chief of staff has said the aim of Israel #39;s Gaza withdrawal plan is to rule out a Palestinian state indefinitely.	4
0	Pettigrew to attend Arafat funeral in Cairo  Yasser Arafat was remembered in Canada on Thursday as a Palestinian leader who made great strides for his people or as a man whose death may bring a new chance for peace in the war-torn area.	2
1	Kerry Steps Up Criticism of Bush Handling of Iraq  John Kerry will lay out his ideas on Monday for cleaning up President Bush #39;s  quot;miscalculations quot; in Iraq, the Democratic nominee #39;s campaign said.	0 1
0	Bush Set to Name Ex-Chief of Police for Top Security Post  Bernard B. Kerik, the former New York City police commissioner, has been picked by President Bush to replace Tom Ridge.	0
3	Gov. Bush praises Treasure Coast efforts during hurricane season  VERO BEACH - Gov. Jeb Bush got teary-eyed on the last day of the hurricane season Tuesday as he thanked scores of Indian River County officials, emergency workers and volunteers for their relief efforts following Hurricanes Frances and Jeanne.	0
1	Blair Criticized for Moving Troops in Iraq  British lawmakers in the ruling and main opposition parties alike sharply criticized Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s government on Monday for planning to dispatch hundreds of 	3
0	Israeli PM defies party rebellion  Israel's Ariel Sharon says he will push ahead with plans for Gaza disengagement, despite a rebuke from his Likud party.	4
0	Evil butchers do it again  After mocking President Bush as an arrogant  quot;Christian dog, quot; terrorists beheaded American hostage Eugene Armstrong in Iraq yesterday and posted a horrific video of his murder on an Islamic Web site.	0
0	GOP Gets House to Nix Draft Bill 402-2  WASHINGTON - House Republicans sought to quash a persistent Internet rumor that President Bush wants to reinstate the draft if he is re-elected, engineering an overwhelming vote Tuesday killing legislation that would do just that.    Republicans accused Democrats of feeding the rumor mill to scare young voters and their parents into voting against Bush...	0
0	Palestinians, Israelis fall into turmoil  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel sacked a key coalition partner yesterday, and Marwan Barghouthi, the jailed uprising leader, decided 	4
1	Guantanamo decision  A week after his heady victory, President Bush was handed a defeat by a federal court that instructed him he does not have the power to invent exceptions to international law and US standards of justice in the treatment of prisoners being held at 	0
0	Bush, Kerry Go on the Attack After Debate  ELYRIA, Ohio - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry, their animosity stirred by a contentious second debate, lit into each other over Iraq, jobs and debate performance in critical battleground states...	0 1
0	Cheney Blasts Kerry for Dean Comments (AP)  AP - Vice President Dick Cheney turned Sen. John Kerry's own words against him Tuesday while criticizing the Democrat for calling the war in Iraq "the wrong war in the wrong place at the wrong time."	1
3	How They Would Fix It  Bush and Kerry both talk about providing health care for the uninsured. Here's how they would do it	0 1
0	As Drama Plays Out, Arafat's Neighbors Express Sorrow, Fear  RAMALLAH, West Bank, Oct. 28 -- No crowds of well-wishers massed Thursday outside the Mukata, the mostly ruined compound where Yasser Arafat has been confined for the past two years. Only a throng of reporters assembled, peering through the smoked windows of sedans carrying officials to a frail old man who still embodies the national aspirations of many Palestinians.	2
1	Local Vets Boost Kerry  A group of local veterans is standing behind John Kerry #39;s bid for the White House. The group blasted TV ads by the  quot;Swift Boat Veterans For Truth quot; which question Kerry #39;s service record in Vietnam.	1
1	Arab Leaders As Divided On Arafat Dead as Alive  The body of Yasser Arafat arrived in the Egyptian capital Thursday night for a memorial service to be attended by a group of men he managed to inspire and antagonize over 	2
0	Group plans ad attacking Kerry's anti-war stance (USATODAY.com)  USATODAY.com - Swift Boat Veterans for Truth, an organization that says it has more than 300 members, created controversy three weeks ago with a TV ad charging that Sen. John Kerry has lied about his military record. The group begins airing a second ad Tuesday in three states. The new ad, called "Sellout," mixes photos and audio from an appearance Kerry, then 27, made before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 22, 1971, with comments from Vietnam War veterans who object to the anti-war efforts Kerry made following his return from service in Vietnam.	1
1	The sin of CBS News isn #39;t being wrong, but in choosing political <b>...</b>  There are two ways to look at the embarrassing apology from CBS News and anchor Dan Rather concerning the forged documents they used in reporting about President Bush #39;s days in the National Guard.	0
1	Egypt plays Mideast peace broker  An assassination attempt was made Sunday on the man who may replace Yasser Arafat as Palestinian chief. By Dan Murphy  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.	2
1	Bin Laden #39;s classroom critique  In his videotape aired Friday, Osama bin Laden launched a tirade against President George W. Bush for his response to Sept. 11. After being informed about the second hijacked airliner #39;s impact, he continued 	0
1	Economy steady but job growth moderate  Job creation improved in August, but employment is below 50-year average, giving fodder to Kerry and Bush. By Ron Scherer  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.	0 1
0	Blair to Undergo Heart Procedure  British Prime Minister Tony Blair will go to the hospital Friday for an operation to cure an irregular heart beat. Mr. Blair also has announced he intends to seek a full third consecutive term in office next 	3
1	Bush, Kerry focus on voters in Ohio and Florida  George W. Bush and John Kerry remained on the move and on the attack Sunday -- with the US presidential race still very tight -- and according to many polls in a dead heat.	1
0	Arafat #39;s passing could remove roadblock to US peace efforts  The Bush administration is preparing a strategy for resumed Mideast peacemaking that rests heavily on an emerging core of Palestinian leaders taking charge of keeping order and nurturing an embryonic government.	2
1	CBS News Names Panel to Review Tainted Bush Report (Reuters)  Reuters - CBS News named former U.S. Attorney General Dick Thornburgh and retired Associated Press chief Louis Boccardi on Wednesday to review its discredited report on President Bush's military record.	0
1	Kerry Says Bush Has Failed Middle Class  Democratic challenger John Kerry said on Wednesday President Bush had failed America #39;s middle class as he renewed his focus on the economy less than a week before voters go to the polls.	0 1
0	Bush Pledges Safer World, Resumes Stump  NEW YORK - President Bush pledged "a safer world and a more hopeful America" as he accepted his party's nomination for a second term in office and plunged into the final two months of his re-election campaign. He promptly drew fire Friday from challenger John Kerry that he was "unfit to lead this country."   In the city that transformed his presidency three Septembers ago, Bush declared to a raucous GOP convention crowd: "We have fought the terrorists across the earth - not for pride, not for power, but because the lives of our citizens are at stake...	0 1
0	September Job Growth Weaker Than Forecast  WASHINGTON - Employers' payrolls grew by just 96,000 in September in a weaker-than-expected government report Friday that provided a final snapshot before Election Day of a lackluster jobs market.    The Labor Department report means President Bush will face the electorate with 821,000 fewer jobs in the country than when he took office, though 1.78 million jobs have been added in the past year...	0
1	President passes out ice and federal aid in Florida  FORT PIERCE, FLA. - President Bush on Wednesday helped distribute bottled water, bags of ice, food and  $2 billion in federal aid to hurricane-battered residents of this vital electoral state.	0
1	Bush Says Questions About Guard Memos Used by CBS  #39;Need to Be <b>...</b>  resident Bush said in an interview published yesterday that there were serious questions about the authenticity of documents featured in a CBS News report that he received preferential treatment 	0
0	Tony Blair faces his accusers at Ken Bigley #39;s memorial service  Tony Blair yesterday braved accusations of hypocrisy to attend a memorial service for Ken Bigley. The Prime Minister read from the Bible at the gathering of family members and friends at Liverpool 	3
0	Lawmaker Seeks Probe Into Bush Documents (AP)  AP - Top Republicans on Wednesday tried to tie the Kerry campaign to disputed documents used by CBS News for a story examining President Bush's Vietnam-era service in the Texas National Guard and called for a congressional investigation.	0
1	Bush #39;s risky 9/11 legacy  If political conventions are designed to showcase a candidate #39;s biggest asset, then George W. Bush #39;s will revolve around one thing: 9/11.	0
0	Bush, Koizumi Discuss U.S. Troop Burden in Japan   NEW YORK (Reuters) - President Bush and Japanese Prime  Minister Junichiro Koizumi agreed on Tuesday to accelerate  talks on ways to ease the U.S. military presence in Japan,  particularly Okinawa, a senior American official said.	0
1	Powell: N. Korea Blast Not Nuclear Event  The United States does not believe that a large explosion in North Korea was related to the communist country #39;s suspected nuclear weapons program, President Bush #39;s foreign policy advisers said Sunday.	0
0	Bush Tries to Mend Ties With Latin America  President Bush, trying to mend relations with Latin America, pledged Sunday to make a fresh push for stalled immigration reforms and defended the U.S. invasion of Iraq, saying that "history will prove it right."	0
0	Blair Recovers After Heart Surgery  British Prime Minister Tony Blair reportedly underwent a procedure to correct an irregular heartbeat Friday and was recovering.	3
1	A win for business  Business leaders cheered President Bush #39;s re-election Wednesday and said that with an even more Republican-dominated Congress, they will be better able to promote a pro-business agenda next year.	0
1	Smiling Arafat agreed to go to Paris  Smiling Yasser Arafat with his doctors from Tunis, Egypt and Jordan, Oct.28. Ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat has agreed to be flown to Paris for medical treatment on Friday morning, Palestinian officials said on Thursday.	2
0	Israel to free jailed Palestinians  The promised release reinforced hopes for a new push to end decades of conflict in the Middle East after Arafat #39;s death. The prisoner release was agreed at Sharon #39;s cabinet meeting.	2
1	Bigley pleads for Blair #39;s help  A video of what appears to be British hostage Kenneth Bigley was posted on an Islamic website on Wednesday showing him weeping and pleading for British Prime Minister Tony Blair to help save his life.	3
0	Iraq leak has Blair back in firing line  Tony Blair was last night forced on to the defensive over Iraq after explosive leaked documents revealed that he was warned a year before the invasion that a war could send the country into meltdown.	3
0	Blair op sparks row in his party  British Prime Minister Tony Blair was recovering Saturday after successfully undergoing treatment to correct an irregular heartbeat -- but speculation about who will succeed him raged in his party.	3
0	Bush, Kerry Spar Over New Jobs Figures  NEW YORK - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry clashed over figures showing modest monthly jobs growth Friday as they plunged into a nine-week post-convention sprint toward Election Day...	0 1
3	Topics A, B and C in Run-up to Debate: Jobs, Jobs and Jobs  Senator John Kerry will assail George Bush tonight as the first president since Herbert Hoover to preside over a four-year term with fewer Americans working than when he began.	1
1	What #39;s The Biggest Challenge Carlos Gutierrez Would Face As US <b>...</b>  President George W. Bush has tapped Kellogg Chairman and Chief Executive Carlos Gutierrez to become secretary of the US Commerce Department.	0
3	Presidential plans fail on good-tax basics  If taxes are the price of civilization, election year is the time for bargain hunting. Over the past few months, President Bush and Sen. John Kerry, D-Mass.	0 1
1	Pick Kerik to head  President Bush will name former NYPD top cop Bernard Kerik to be his new head of homeland security today, fueling hopes that he will funnel more funds to New York.	0
1	Blair loses Blunkett ahead of election  Top government minister David Blunkett has resigned over a charge of abuse of office, ripping a hole in Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s government months before an expected general election.	3
0	Colombian rebels had targeted Bush  Marxist rebels tried to organize an assassination attempt on President Bush during his visit to the port city of Cartagena last week, a top Colombian official said Saturday.	0
0	Blair deplores Iraq hostage killing as brother faults UK  Prime Minister Tony Blair condemned the killers of British hostage Kenneth Bigley as  quot;barbaric, quot; and most of the victim #39;s relatives praised his handling of the crisis.	3
0	Settlers Say Gaza Meeting with Sharon a 'Disgrace'   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Jewish settler leaders failed in a  rare meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on Sunday  to persuade him to back their proposal to put his planned Gaza  withdrawal to a national referendum.	4
1	Tories mock PM for broadband pledge  Tony Blair has pledged to end the  quot;digital divide quot; by 2008 - if the Labour Party wins the next election. Speaking at his party #39;s conference in Brighton, the Prime Minister delivered ten things a  quot;future Labour 	3
0	Bush Pays Tribute to U.S. Troops Abroad (AP)  AP - Christmas trees decorated with red bows, gold ornaments and white lights lined the hall at the National Building Museum for a holiday pageant attended Sunday by President Bush and his wife, Laura.	0
1	Bush beats bin Laden to win Turner prize  London, December 7: George W. Bush #39;s hometown in Texas has beaten Osama bin Laden #39;s villa in Afghanistan to land one of the best-known and controversial art prizes.	0
3	Bush faces big challenge over US jobs  George W. Bush walks into tonight #39;s presidential debate on the economy desperate to redeem his prior performance against John Kerry.	0 1
1	President must explain  Now even President Bush agrees: Iraq didn #39;t have chemical, biological or nuclear weapon stockpiles when Bush launched a pre-emptive war to thwart what he called  quot;a grave and gathering danger quot; to the United States and the world.	0
0	PLO Chief Vows Crackdown on Armed Chaos   GAZA (Reuters) - Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas on  Wednesday promised steps to halt the use of illegal arms to  stem chaos in Palestinian areas and ensure calm ahead of a Jan.  9 election to choose Yasser Arafat's successor.	2
0	Sharon Vows to Pursue Gaza Raid, Toll Hits 50   GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli leader Ariel Sharon vowed on  Sunday to expand a huge offensive into Gaza that has killed 50  Palestinians until militants stop firing rockets into Israel.	4
0	Gush Katif heads cancel scheduled meeting with PM  An additional display of the rift formed between Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and the settlers came late Monday night after residents of Gush Katif canceled a meeting scheduled for today with Sharon, explaining that the meeting would be pointless since 	4
0	Blair denies  #39;bailing out Bush #39; charge  British Prime Minister Tony Blair has reacted to a barrage of criticism from politicians, analysts and national newspapers for considering a US request to deploy troops in Baghdad.	0 3
1	Foreign policy spices campaign  MARLTON, NJ - As polls opened for early voting in Florida and three other states, President Bush tapped memories of Sept. 11 to unleash his harshest attack yet on Sen. John Kerry #39;s foreign policy Monday, accusing 	0 1
1	The Iraq Debate  THE PRESIDENTIAL campaign debate on Iraq grew considerably sharper -- and clearer -- over the past week. President Bush and visiting Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi made the case that Iraq is  quot;a central front 	0
0	Olympics Chiefs Want Bush Campaign to Back Off (Reuters)  Reuters - Olympic officials are seething at a campaign ad for President Bush which, they say, hijacks the Olympic brand.	0
0	Brother of UK hostage urges Blair to plead for hostage release  Paul Bigley, brother of Kenneth Bigley who is being held hostage by militants in Iraq, called on British Prime Minister Tony Blair Monday to step up efforts to win the release 	3
1	 #39;It was just enough. For now #39;   quot;Tony Blair #39;s conference speech ... his 10th as leader of the Labour party, demonstrated why he is still the political conjuror of the day.	3
1	Kerry Dedicates Energy Speech to Reeve (AP)  AP - Sen. John Kerry dedicated his speech on energy independence Monday to actor Christopher Reeve, whom the Democratic presidential candidate remembered as a passionate environmentalist whose courageous fight against paralysis was "an inspiration to all of us."	1
0	First Night, Single Theme for Double Term: Sept. 11  Speaker after speaker at the Republican convention summoned Sept. 11 in service of an overriding theme: the nation will be safer under President Bush.	0
0	Palestinians and Israel near deal on elections  JERICHO, West Bank -- Israeli and Palestinian officials yesterday were on the verge of resolving what could have been a nasty dispute over voting by East Jerusalem residents in elections to choose a replacement for Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Gaza Plan May Bring Palestinian State-Sharon Aide   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's  chief of staff on Thursday called a Gaza withdrawal plan a  possible step toward a Palestinian state, in a clear sign of  softening following Yasser Arafat's death.	2 4
0	UK #39;s Blair Recovering at Home After Heart Flutter Treatment  UK Prime Minister Tony Blair is recovering at home after treatment for a heart flutter, a condition he said won #39;t keep him from seeking a third term in office.	3
0	Bush Gives Medal of Freedom to Iraq Figures  Trumpeting  America as liberator,  the White House conferred the highest civilian honor yesterday on three men intimately involved with the decision to invade Iraq or the troubled aftermath of the invasion.	0
1	Analysis: Egypt steps into the regional ring  Something big is happening in Cairo. It isn #39;t just the release of Azzam Azzam from wrongful imprisonment as an alleged spy, or nice words from President Hosni Mubarak about Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, or the return of the Egyptian ambassador.	4
0	Bush, Kerry Disagree on Iraq, Terror War  ALLENTOWN, Pa. - President Bush and Democratic Sen...	0
0	Barghouti to Drop Out of Palestinian Race (AP)  AP - Imprisoned uprising leader Marwan Barghouti is dropping out the Jan. 9 election to replace Yasser Arafat as head of the Palestinian Authority, associates said Sunday.	2
1	Protesters Harry Israeli Parliament Before Gaza Vote  Thousands of rightist protesters accused Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of treason on Tuesday as Israel #39;s parliament looked set to approve the first pullout of settlers from land Palestinians seek for a state.	4
0	Bush pushes for cooperation, stands ground  President Bush on Wednesday outlined a second-term foreign policy that would make international cooperation his administration #39;s top priority but put responsibility 	0
0	Bush, Kerry Start Last Campaign Dash in Nevada (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush and Democratic Sen. John Kerry began a 19-day sprint to the Nov. 2 election on Thursday in the swing state of Nevada, where the White House rivals renewed their fight over who offered the best leadership for the middle class.	0 1
0	Bush Sees Great Chance For Creating Palestinian State  Mr. Bush told reporters Friday after meeting with British Prime Minister Tony Blair that he sees a great chance for creating a Palestinian state in the aftermath of the death of longtime Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat.	0 2 3
1	Israel May Work With Palestinians on Disengagement (Update1)  Israel is ready to work with a responsible #39; #39; Palestinian Authority leadership on coordinating an Israeli plan to withdraw settlements from the Gaza Strip and West Bank, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said.	4
1	Bill Clinton not cleared to campaign: Hillary  Senator Hillary Clinton said Monday that doctors have not yet cleared former president Bill Clinton to hit the campaign trail for Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry.	1
0	Ex-presidents to lead aid effort  WASHINGTON -- President Bush, seeking to highlight America's concern over the Asian disaster, named his father and his predecessor yesterday to spearhead a private fund-raising campaign to help victims of last month's tsunamis, calling on Americans to ''contribute as they are able to do so."	0
0	Arafat in intensive care  Yasser Arafat on Thursday was in intensive care undergoing fresh tests after his condition took a sudden turn for the worse, Palestinian officials said.	2
1	Crunch time for Bush, Kerry  US President George W. Bush and Democratic rival John Kerry began making their final appeals to voters yesterday as they prepared for a blitz of weekend campaigning before Tuesday #39;s presidential election.	0 1
1	Israel gestures toward peace  WASHINGTON - Under US encouragement and, in some cases, pressure, Israel has quietly taken steps aimed at strengthening the standing of Palestinian moderates and has agreed to consider others now after the death of the Palestinian leader, Yasser Arafat 	2
0	Bush Pledges Safer World, Resumes Stumping  NEW YORK - President Bush pledged "a safer world and a more hopeful America" as he accepted his party's nomination for a second term in office and plunged into the final two months of his re-election campaign. He promptly drew fire Friday from challenger John Kerry that he was "unfit to lead this country."   In the city that transformed his presidency three Septembers ago, Bush declared to a raucous GOP convention crowd: "We have fought the terrorists across the earth - not for pride, not for power, but because the lives of our citizens are at stake...	0 1
1	30 nations pick Kerry: Poll  A poll of 34,330 adults in 35 countries released yesterday confirmed the global unpopularity of US President George W. Bush, with respondents in only three of the countries saying they would prefer to see him re-elected to a second term on Nov. 2.	0 1
1	Britain #39;s Blair left with political headache after key minister <b>...</b>  LONDON (AFP) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair was leaving for a key summit after a rapid and deeply unwelcome reorganisation of his government following the resignation of respected interior minister David Blunkett.	3
0	Bush Piloted Guard Trainers Before He Quit  WASHINGTON - George W. Bush began flying a two-seat training jet more frequently and twice required multiple attempts to land a one-seat fighter in the weeks just before he quit flying for the Texas Air National Guard in 1972, his pilot logs show...	0
1	Rumsfeld To Remain At Pentagon  President Bush will keep Donald H. Rumsfeld as defense secretary for a second term, administration aides said yesterday, hours after Health and Human Services Secretary Tommy G. Thompson resigned 	0
1	Who Will Lead Them Now?  Arafat #39;s death raises hopes for a new push for peace. But much depends on who takes charge and how the US responds. Just a few months after Israeli and Palestinian leaders signed the Oslo peace accord in 1993 	2
1	Northern Ireland talks fail to break deadlock, Blair says  A high-stakes effort to revive a Catholic-Protestant government for Northern Ireland has ended in failure, British Prime Minister Tony Blair conceded Saturday.	3
0	Sharon Rejects Settler Gaza Vote Demands  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on Sunday rejected calls from Jewish settlers to hold a nationwide referendum on his plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip, escalating an increasingly bitter dispute with former allies who now accuse him of leading Israel toward civil war.	4
1	Clinton gets off sick-bed to help Kerry campaign  A thinner-looking Bill Clinton will accompany Democratic Sen. John Kerry on the campaign trail Monday, as both camps pull out the star power in what is a tight election.	1
0	Arafat not comatose but still in intensive care, spokesman says  A senior aide to Yasser Arafat said early Sunday the ailing Palestinian leader was not comatose but still in intensive care, adding to the confusion about his fragile health.	2
0	Powell on new US peace push in Middle East  JERUSALEM (AFP) - US Secretary of State Colin Powell arrived in Israel, with Washington determined to push forward the Middle East peace process ahead of January #39;s election to find a successor to Yasser Arafat.	2
1	Arafat deputies to consult doctors  JERUSALEM - With Yasser Arafat fighting for his life in a French hospital, his top lieutenants will fly to Paris for consultations with his doctors, a senior official said Sunday, as Palestinian leaders worked to set up contingency plans in the event of 	2
1	'Fahrenheit 9/11' Set for Oct. 5 Release on DVD (Reuters)  Reuters - "Fahrenheit 9/11," Michael Moore's documentary lambasting President Bush and the war in Iraq will be released on DVD on Oct. 5, its distributor said on Monday.	0
1	STOP THE STONEWALL, DAN  CBS News and top anchor Dan Rather are digging in their heels - and just maybe digging their own journalistic graves -y continuing to stand by their deeply suspect memos about President Bush (news - web sites) #39;s service in the Texas Air National 	0
1	Adviser: Cheney Has Nothing More Than A Cold  WASHINGTON -- President George W. Bush attended church services across the street from the White House, where the minister offered prayers this morning for Dick Cheney.	0
0	Turkey regrets Arafat death, expresses support for Palestinian <b>...</b>  ANKARA, Nov 11 (AFP) - Turkish leaders Thursday expressed sorrow at the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat and pledged their country #39;s continuing support to the Palestinian struggle for an independent state.	2
0	Officer in Kerry Motorcade Hurt in Pa. (AP)  AP - A highway patrol officer traveling Friday with Sen. John Kerry's motorcade fell off his motorcycle and suffered minor injuries.	1
0	New Kerry Ad Says Bush Lied About Debate  WASHINGTON - John Kerry on Saturday looked to frame the next presidential debate in a specriticizing President Bush's economic record, but also tried to get in a final word about their last face-off by declaring himself the winner and Bush a liar. "George Bush lost the debate," an announcer says in a television ad Kerry's campaign unveiled Saturday...	0 1
1	White House Race a Dead Heat - Reuters Poll  President Bush and Democratic Sen. John Kerry are tied with two days remaining in a tense race for the White House, according to a Reuters/Zogby poll released on Sunday.	0 1
1	Parliament speaker charges PM with disloyalty to Israel  Israeli Knesset (parliament) Speaker Reuven Rivlin (Likud Party) on Thursday charged Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and supporters of the disengagement plan withdisloyalty to Israel, Israeli Army Radio reported.	4
0	Sharon considers cutting Gaza army deployment  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon was weighing the possibility of cutting the size of Israel #39;s armed forces deployed in northern Gaza, Israeli television has reported.	4
0	Sharon Criticizes Hard-Liners in Israel  JERUSALEM - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon criticized Israeli hard-liners Sunday, warning that heated rhetoric against his plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip could lead to civil war.    Sharon issued the warning hours before opponents of the Gaza pullout planned to stage a mass demonstration in Jerusalem...	4
0	Rumsfeld: Troops may exit Iraq within 4 years  Kuwait City -- Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld expressed hope Monday, but did not explicitly predict, that American troops would be out of Iraq by the end of President Bush #39;s second term.	0
1	Cherie Blair to Talk About Life in 'The Goldfish Bowl' (Reuters)  Reuters - British Prime Minister Tony Blair's wife Cherie will give her first ever live television interview on Thursday to talk about the role of the prime ministerial spouse. The interview on Channel 4's "Richard and Judy" chat show coincides with publication of her book "The Goldfish Bowl: Married to the Prime Minister."	3
0	World Wants Changes from Bush to Open a New Era   PARIS (Reuters) - World leaders at odds with George W. Bush  are hoping he will change his policies to rebuild global trust  shattered by the Iraq war, but his strengthened mandate means  they could be the ones left making the changes.	0
0	Manmohan to hold talks with Bush, Musharraf  New York, Sept. 20 (PTI): Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, arrives here tonight for the first major diplomatic engagement that includes his talks with US President George W Bush, and Pakistan President Pervez 	0
1	Poll shows Kerry keeps comfortable lead in California  A poll issued Friday showed that US Democratic challenge John Kerry keeps a comfortable lead over President Bush in California just four days ahead of the US presidential election.	0 1
0	Caricom, Bush and Arafat  By rickey singh. SOME of our Caribbean Community Heads of Government as well as the Community Secretariat may well have reflected, in their condolence messages, the admiration of the peoples of the Caribbean 	0 2
0	Sharon to push forward with Gaza pullout  JERUSALEM (AP) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon pledged Thursday to push ahead with his plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip despite a stinging public rebuke from his Likud Party. 	4
0	Bush Aims to Push N. Korea on Nuke Talks (AP)  AP - President Bush is trying to build international pressure on North Korea to return to high-stakes nuclear talks at the same time he reassures Asian leaders about the tough U.S. approach.	0
0	Bush Wants  #36;3.5B to Boost Iraq Security (AP)  AP - The Bush administration wants Congress' permission to shift nearly  #36;3.5 billion of the  #36;18.4 billion in Iraqi reconstruction aid to security and faster economic growth, documents submitted to lawmakers show.	0
1	Reaction to presidential election   quot;There won #39;t be enough outstanding votes for us to win Ohio and therefore we cannot win this election, quot; Senator John Kerry said.	1
0	White House on Defensive After Bremer Talk  WASHINGTON - The White House staunchly defended its Iraq policy Tuesday as new questions emerged about President Bush's prewar decisions and postwar planning. An impending weapons report undercut the administration's main rationale for the war, and the former head of the American occupation said the United States had too few troops in Iraq after the invasion...	0
1	Kerry More Impressive Than Bush in TV Debate  NEW YORK, 2 October 2004 - An estimated 55 million Americans watched President George W. Bush and Sen. John Kerry spar over national security issues during the first televised presidential debate on Thursday night.	0 1
0	Sharon angers settlers by refusing to negotiate  As some Palestinians returned to their Gaza homes to survey the damage after a deadly incursion, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon tried to win support for his withdrawal plan from angry Jewish settlers.	4
0	Where Kerry Stands on Key Issues (AP)  AP - A quick look at where Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry stands on key issues:	1
0	Arafat to Be Buried at His West Bank HQ (AP)  AP - Yasser Arafat will be buried at the battered West Bank headquarters that had been his virtual prison for the last three years, his aides decided after the Palestinian leader sank deeper into a coma.	2
0	Arafat dead at 75  PARIS -- Yasser Arafat, who triumphantly forced his people's plight into the world spotlight but failed to achieve his lifelong quest for Palestinian statehood, died this morning at a French hospital, the chief doctor at the hospital said. He was 75.	2
0	Bush Prepares for Possible GPS Shutdown (AP)  AP - President Bush has ordered plans for temporarily disabling the U.S. network of global positioning satellites during a national crisis to prevent terrorists from using the navigational technology, the White House said Wednesday.	0
1	A stronger GOP dusts off long-delayed agenda  WASHINGTON - Republicans will be much stronger on Capitol Hill next year, almost in a position to give President Bush whatever he wants on taxes, limits on legal damages, drilling in the Arctic and nominations to the US Supreme Court.	0
1	Undeclared War  As New York and Washington were under attack on Sept. 11, 2001, a film crew happened to come upon John Kerry leaving the Capitol. The brief moment of footage, included in a BBC documentary called 	1
1	The State of the George W. Bush Joke  The president has taught the humorless left to be funny again. Now comedians just have to decide if he's a genial dunce or a sinister genius.	0
0	Blair enters hospital for  quot;routine quot; heart operation  LONDON : British Prime Minister Tony Blair was admitted to hospital for minor surgery to treat an irregular heartbeat, London police said.	3
1	Attacking Military Records  As the uproar over John Kerry #39;s record during the Vietnam War illustrates, that polarizing conflict is still being fought. It probably will remain a flash point at least for the duration of the Vietnam-era generation.	1
0	Leaders say they are willing to meet after election  Israel #39;s prime minster and the man expected to lead the Palestinians following the death of Yasser Arafat are willing to meet, they said at the weekend.	2
0	A hero, a monster, a Mideast icon  As peace between Israel and the Palestinians waxed and waned over the decades, there was one constant amid the tumult: Yasser Arafat was at its centre.	2
1	Arafat, his Legacy and the Future  OPININ (*)The Legacy: Yasir Arafat has been a disaster for the Palestinians, for Israelis, and for hopes of peace in the region.	2
3	THE WESTERN FRONT  Tomorrow night President Bush and John Kerry take the stage together for the final time before Nov. 2. This debate will focus on domestic issues, so it was supposed to be the one Mr.	0 1
1	Sharon: Operation in Gaza Will Continue  TEL AVIV, Israel Oct. 2, 2004 - Israel #39;s army will operate in the northern Gaza Strip until all Palestinian rocket fire against Israeli towns is halted, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said late Saturday in an interview on Israel Radio.	4
0	Arafat's Wife Opposes Leaders Visiting Him (Reuters)  Reuters - Yasser Arafat's senior deputies hoped to travel to France on Monday to meet the critically ill Palestinian president but his wife was opposed to the visit, a senior Palestinian official said.	2
0	Cahill, Rove Lead Presidential Campaigns  WASHINGTON - Karl Rove is a smooth, jovial political operative with a Texas-honed reputation as a ruthless competitor and three George W. Bush victories under his belt...	0
1	Election Reflections  How and why did President Bush and the Republicans do so well in Tuesday #39;s elections? I #39;ve jotted down a few quick thoughts on what, in my opinion, led to the GOP #39;s 2004 victories.	0
1	Now on DVD: The Passion of the Bush  The DVD "George W. Bush: Faith in the White House," marketed as a response to "Fahrenheit 9/11," portrays the president as God's warrior.	0
0	French Hospital Says Arafat's Condition Worsened   PARIS (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat's condition worsened  overnight and his coma has deepened, the French military  hospital caring for the Palestinian leader announced on  Tuesday.	2
0	Sharon's Likud Rejects Coalition Bid--First Returns   TEL AVIV, Israel (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel  Sharon's right-wing Likud party voted Wednesday to bar a  coalition with center-left Labor that he seeks to advance his  Gaza withdrawal plan, according to early returns.	4
1	Iraq leader: Nothing will stop vote  Washington -- Iraq #39;s interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi vowed to Congress on Thursday that his country will hold elections in January despite increasing insurgent violence, while President Bush and his Democratic challenger Sen.	0
0	World pays Rich Tributes to Yasser Arafat  ISLAMABAD: The world on Thursday mourned Palestinian leader Yasser Arafats demise, as condolence messages and words of praise for the visionary leader continued to pour in.	2
0	Analysis: Bush's Daunting Task in the Mideast and North Korea  Support from allies becomes crucial in solving crises	0
0	Bush Touts Plan to Help High School Students (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush on Saturday touted his plan to boost aid for high school students amid criticism from his Democratic opponent that the president has undercut his own efforts to fix schools.	0
1	CBS Faces New Charges Over Discredited Bush Report   NEW YORK (Reuters) - CBS News faced new charges of  journalistic impropriety on Tuesday, a day after the network  said it regretted using questionable documents in a report  challenging President Bush's military service.	0
0	Israeli Parliament Backs Gaza Withdrawal  The Israeli parliament on Tuesday approved Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's plan to withdraw from the occupied Gaza Strip and parts of the West Bank in 2005, televised results showed.	4
0	Abbas's Brush with Gunmen Makes Vote Urgent -Aide   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - A gunbattle sparked by  militants confronting moderate interim Palestinian leader  Mahmoud Abbas on a visit to Gaza underscores the urgent need  for elections to replace Yasser Arafat, Palestinian officials  said.	2
1	Specter denies pro-choice litmus test  Sen. Arlen Specter, who set off a firestorm of controversy last week among conservatives who interpreted certain remarks as a warning to President Bush not to nominate pro-life judicial candidates 	0
0	Arafat pledge over UK hostage support   Yasser Arafat has promised to intercede on behalf of Briton Ken Bigley held hostage in Iraq, says an Irish MP.	2
0	Likud MKs decide to boycott no-confidence votes, defer referendum <b>...</b>  Facing withering criticism from Jewish settlers, and from his within his own Likud party, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Monday nothing would 	4
0	Arafat #39;s condition improving but further tests needed, say <b>...</b>  An ailing Yasser Arafat entered a fourth day of emergency treatment Monday at a French military hospital specializing in blood disorders, but the cause of his precipitous decline in health remained unexplained.	2
0	Blair denies he led Britain to war with false justification  Prime Minister Tony Blair on Wednesday denied leading Britain into war on a false prospectus, despite intelligence on the threat posed by Iraq being wrong.	3
1	OFF THE BALLOT  In an election dominated by the war in Iraq, John Kerry is returning to a classic Pennsylvania Democratic message: touting his plans for more taxpayer funding for jobs, health care and Social Security.	1
1	Fortune may drive power struggle  PARIS -- Yasser Arafat #39;s confinement to a Paris hospital has given his wife Suha something she has never had in 14 years of marriage: power and influence.	2
0	Bitter Malpractice Fight Going to Voters (AP)  AP - Rivaling Bush vs. Kerry for bitterness, doctors and trial lawyers are squaring off this fall in an unprecedented four-state struggle over limiting malpractice awards. The volatile issue is in voters' hands and each side is desperate to win, spending millions of dollars to make their cases and portray the other side as greedy.	0 1
0	Zimbabwe at 'war' with Blair: Mudenge (AFP)  AFP - Zimbabwe's foreign minister ratcheted up hostility with former colonial power Britain, charging that his country is at "war" with British Prime Minister Tony Blair.	3
0	Bush Physical Box (AP)  AP - Facts and figures about President Bush's health, from a physical examination Saturday at the National Naval Medical Center in Bethesda, Md. Bush, 58, was born July 6, 1946:	0
1	Palestinian inquiry into Arafat #39;s death  The Palestinian leadership is to send a delegation to Paris in an attempt to establish the cause of Yasser Arafat #39;s death last week amid a growing belief among Palestinians that he was poisoned by Israel.	2
0	Sharon Vows to Expand Gaza Raid, Toll Hits 50   GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli leader Ariel Sharon vowed on  Sunday to widen an offensive into Gaza which has killed at  least 50 Palestinians until militants stop firing rockets that  have fueled criticism of his plan to abandon the occupied  strip.	4
0	World Wants Bush Out of the White House: Poll (Reuters)  Reuters - The world wants President Bush out of the White House, according to a poll released on Wednesday that shows in 30 of 35 countries people preferred Democrat candidate John Kerry.	0 1
0	AP: Memo Says New Medicare Cards Confusing (AP)  AP - A day before the first presidential debate, the government's health policy watchdog raised concerns that early mailings to seniors about the new Medicare prescription discount cards championed by President Bush were confusing or inadequate.	0
0	Blair Hopeful of Iran, N. Korean Compliance   LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair said  on Wednesday the international community was closer than ever  to making North Korea and Iran accept its demands to halt  nuclear programs.	3
0	Blair to Have 'Routine' Heart Treatment  LONDON - British Prime Minister Tony Blair said he will undergo a medical procedure Friday to correct an irregular heartbeat, calling it a routine treatment that won't prevent him from seeking another term in office.    The 51-year-old prime minister said the procedure will involve local anesthetic and will not affect his job...	3
0	Despite waning support, Blair strikes defiant tone  British Prime Minister Tony Blair struck a defiant tone as his Labour Party prepared to open its annual conference yesterday, despite a pair of fresh opinion polls suggesting that support among voters is waning.	3
0	Kerry Pulls Campaign Ads From Four States (AP)  AP - Bowing to political realities, Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry has canceled plans to begin broadcasting television commercials in Arizona, Arkansas, Louisiana and the perennial battleground of Missouri.	1
0	Despite Edwards, N.C. Leans Republican (AP)  AP - North Carolina has lost 160,000 manufacturing jobs under President Bush and is home to Sen. John Kerry's running mate, Sen. John Edwards. A Democratic state? Hardly.	0 1
0	Arafat to fly to Paris for urgent medical treatment  Ramallah, West Bank: Ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is to fly to France from his West Bank headquarters to treat what doctors have described as a potentially fatal blood disorder.	2
0	Bush Election Will Help Middle East Peace - Blair  Prime Minister Tony Blair told his Cabinet today that the re-election of President George Bush gave a fresh chance to move the Middle East peace process forward.	0 3
1	Bush: Lawsuit Limits  #39;Vital Issue #39;  Washington -- On Day One of his economic conference, President Bush is calling runaway lawsuits a  quot;vital issue quot; and vowing to get Congress to pass damage award limits.	0
1	Bush taps top counsel to replace Ashcroft  WASHINGTON - President Bush moved quickly to nominate White House lawyer Alberto Gonzales yesterday to replace Attorney General John Ashcroft.	0
0	Sharon wants Gaza raid  #39;expanded #39;  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has said the ongoing military raid of northern Gaza, which has already killed 56 Palestinians, should be expanded.	4
0	Chance seen to pursue peace  He stood only 5 feet 2 inches but Yasser Arafat cast a long shadow on the world stage, and many leaders, diplomats, and analysts saw in his passing 	2
0	First Lady Hailing Bush on Terror Fight  NEW YORK - Republican National Convention co-stars Laura Bush and Arnold Schwarzenegger were commending President Bush to the country Tuesday for four more years in office, praising him for unflinching leadership in a time of national testing. "I am so proud of the way George has led our country with strength and conviction" in the war on terror, the first lady planned to say...	0
0	Israel ensures security during the funeral of the Palestinian <b>...</b>  Israel will allow Yasser Arafat to be buried in the Gaza Strip, the territory occupied by Israeli troops, if the Palestinian President dies.	2
1	Arafat in grave condition  PARIS -- French doctors say Yasser Arafat is still alive, though his condition  quot;has become more complex. quot;. Earlier, Luxembourg #39;s prime minister told reporters as he arrived at a summit in Brussels that Arafat had died.	2
1	No retreat on Iraq, Bush vows  UNITED NATIONSThe United States will stick to its guns in Iraq, despite increasing violence, US President George W. Bush vowed yesterday.	0
0	Joy in Italy, Caution in France on Iraq Hostages  British hostage Kenneth Bigley appeared in a video tape aired on Wednesday, pleading with Prime Minister Tony Blair to meet the demands of his captors in Iraq to release Iraqi women prisoners.	3
1	Palestinian leaders will visit Arafat  Palestinian leaders have confirmed that they will fly to Paris to see Yasser Arafat, despite the ailing President #39;s wife accusing them of trying to steal his powers.	2
0	Senate RollVote Goss CIA (AP)  AP - The 77-17 roll call by which the Senate voted to approve President Bush's nomination of Rep. Porter Goss, R-Fla., as Central Intelligence Agency director.	0
0	Democrat Slams Kerry on Hispanic Outreach (AP)  AP - A Democrat whose organization spent about  #36;6 million to get out the Hispanic vote for Sen. John Kerry criticized the campaign's effort on Tuesday and warned that Democrats risk becoming a permanent minority if they don't do a better job.	1
0	U.S.: Hostage Tried to Escape Execution (AP)  AP - Kidnappers beheaded British hostage Kenneth Bigley after twice releasing videos in which he wept and pleaded with Prime Minister Tony Blair for his life. A U.S. official said Friday there was credible information that Bigley had tried to escape with the aid of one of his captors.	3
0	2004 Presidential Endorsements (AP)  AP - Newspaper endorsements for President Bush, a Republican, or Sen. John Kerry, a Democrat, in the 2004 presidential campaign:	0 1
0	Bush campaign aide resigns amid controversy over campaign ads (AFP)  AFP - The highly-charged debate over John Kerry's record in the Vietnam War raged, after a veteran working to help re-elect incumbent president George W. Bush resigned, while the Democratic challenger lodged a formal complaint with election authorities.	0 1
1	Democratic National Committee  #39;Action Alert #39; E-mail  Back in February, President Bush sat down in the Oval Office for an interview with Tim Russert and spoke about his service in the National Guard.	0
1	Blair to Press Sudan Government on Darfur  LONDON Oct. 5, 2004 - Prime Minister Tony Blair will pressure Sudan to end the conflict in Darfur when he visits the capital Khartoum on Wednesday, the first leg of a three-day trip to Africa.	3
1	As Ohio Certifies Vote Count, Protests Continue, Recounts <b>...</b>  Ohio #39;s devoutly Republican secretary of state has finally certified the vote in favor of President Bush, but activists are seeking a statewide recount and demanding he explain voting irregularities to Congress.	0
0	Abbas vows no retreat from refugee demand  RAMALLAH, West Bank -- Palestinian presidential candidate Mahmoud Abbas vowed yesterday never to give up the late Yasser Arafat's bedrock demand that Israel recognize a  quot;right of return quot; of Palestinian refugees.	2
1	Arafat Aides Agree on Security Plan to Maintain Civil Order  Yasser Arafat #39;s top deputies agreed on a security plan to maintain civil order in the West Bank and Gaza Strip while the Palestinian leader #39;s medical condition remained unchanged at a French hospital, a spokesman said.	2
1	Oil jumps as Bush nears victory  Oil has leapt back above  $50 as President George W. Bush edges towards US election victory, a result which traders. say will bolster fuel demand and underpin anxiety over security of Middle East supply.	0
0	Leavitt to Head HHS, Could Cut Programs (AP)  AP - Michael Leavitt, President Bush's choice to be secretary of Health and Human Services, may have to cut billions of dollars from the government's mammoth health programs for the elderly, poor and disabled to pare the budget deficit.	0
2	Redskins Loss: Bad News for Bush, Touchdown Kerry  The Washington Redskins lost their final home football game before the US presidential election on Sunday -- and that #39;s great news for Democratic Sen. John Kerry and bad news for President Bush.	0 1
0	Arafat #39;s  #39;politics of grievance #39;  Yasser Arafat #39;s rule was a disaster for the Palestinians and whole Middle East when he was alive, says Heritage Foundation Middle East expert James Phillips.	2
1	Bush Attacks Kerry; Edwards Says Bush  #39;In Denial #39;  President Bush, going on the attack after a slip in the polls, said on Wednesday Democratic rival John Kerry #39;s  quot;mind-set of September 10th quot; would 	0 1
1	Bush signs order lifting sanctions on Libya  President Bush on Monday signed an executive order lifting the remaining US commercial sanctions against Libya after determining the African nation has met all of the US requirements for eliminating its programs on weapons of mass 	0
0	Irish talks fall at DUP hurdle  Tony Blair #39;s bid to revive one of the crowning achievements of his seven-year premiership - the Good Friday Agreement - failed yesterday.	3
0	Blair faces call for casualty-count in Iraq  Over 40 prominent figures in the United Kingdom have signed a letter to Prime Minister Tony Blair calling on him to launch an inquiry into the number of civilian deaths in Iraq since last year #39;s invasion of the country.	3
3	Kerry's plan on outsourcing faces mixed reviews  WASHINGTON - One of the central themes in U.S. Senator John Kerry's presidential campaign is ending tax breaks for companies that send jobs overseas. But the IT community is split on whether Kerry's plan would actually keep jobs in the U.S.	1
0	Arafat Medical Test Finds No Major Ailment-Minister (Reuters)  Reuters - Yasser Arafat underwent a minor diagnostic procedure on Monday and doctors found no major ailment after a week of concerns over the Palestinian president's health, a cabinet minister said.	2
0	Sharon #39;s Life in Danger  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, the architect of the Gaza withdrawal plan, has reportedly been threatened and has been put under tight security after harsh reactions by religious groups.	4
1	UK Government Set to Pass Bill Banning Fox Hunting With Dogs  UK Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s government today will use fast-track rules to push a bill through the House of Commons that would ban fox hunting with hounds, a traditional pursuit in the British countryside.	3
0	Bush waives nuclear sanction on Libya (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush rewarded Tripoli for pledging to abandon its nuclear weapons quest by giving the green light to monies for promoting US exports to Libya.	0
1	Schwarzenegger #39;s Sex Life Temporarily  quot;Terminated quot;  Arnold Schwarzenegger #39;s speech at the Republican National Convention may have went over big with Bush supporters - but the California Governor says his fiery rhetoric put a chill on his love life.	0
0	Arafat #39;s Wife Accuses Deputies of Wanting Him Dead  Yasser Arafat #39;s wife accused senior Palestinian officials on Monday of plotting to  quot;bury him alive quot; and forced them to put off a planned trip to France to visit her critically ill husband.	2
0	Navy Report Backs Kerry Role in Incident (AP)  AP - A Navy report filed five days after a disputed incident in Vietnam supports John Kerry's version and contradicts critics who say the Democratic presidential nominee never came under enemy gunfire when he won two medals.	1
0	Sharon #39;s party opens coalition vote  The central committee of Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Likud party began voting Thursday on a resolution that would allow him to form a new governing coalition including the Labor Party.	4
0	Kerry Visits N.Y. to Accuse G.O.P. in Negative Attacks  John Kerry picked the city of the G.O.P. Convention, to urge the party to abandon "fear and smear" attacks.	1
0	Video shows UK hostage #39;s plea for life  CAIRO, Egypt -- A videotape posted on Islamic Web site purportedly showed a man who identified himself as himself as British hostage Kenneth Bigley pleading for British Prime Minister Tony Blair to help save his life.	3
0	Cheney and G.O.P. Mount Vigorous Assault on Kerry  Republicans mounted a vigorous assault on John Kerry's domestic and foreign policy credentials, coupled with a spirited defense of President Bush's economic stewardship.	0 1
0	Bush administration seeks clarification of Israeli officials #39; <b>...</b>  The Bush administration expressed confidence Thursday that Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon intends to  quot;move forward quot; on peacemaking with the Palestinians after he withdraws Jewish settlers and Israeli troops from Gaza.	0 4
0	Kerry Chides Bush on Assault Weapons Ban (AP)  AP - Sen. John Kerry sought to make President Bush pay a political price Monday for the expiration of a partial assault weapons ban, but other Democrats reacted warily on an issue that has hurt the party in recent elections.	0 1
0	CBS Says It Was Misled Over Bush Military Memos (Reuters)  Reuters - In a blow to its credibility, CBS News said on Monday it had been misled over the authenticity of documents it aired in a story challenging President Bush's military service and announced it was mounting an internal investigation.	0
0	Bush opponents ask: 'Who Would Jesus Bomb?' (AFP)  AFP -  quot;Who Would Jesus Bomb? quot; pointedly asks a T-shirt opposing US President George W. Bush's Iraq war policy. Another shirt backs Democratic Senator John Kerry for president -- of France.	0 1
0	Sudan hopes for normalised ties with Washington  Sudan on Thursday welcomed the re-election of President George W. Bush and expressed hope that ties with Washington, strained over the Darfur crisis which the United States called genocide, would be normalised.	0
0	UK Verdict May Jeopardize Blair #39;s Terror Policies  British Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s security strategy, a central plank in his re-election bid, looked in trouble on Friday after a landmark legal ruling against a vital part of his anti-terror policy.	3
0	Africa must be  #39;top priority #39; for new EU crisis force  Tony Blair, the British prime minister, wants Africa to be the  quot;top priority quot; for a new European Union military force that could be deployed in crisis areas at short notice.	3
0	Kerry Stumps for Black Voters at Churches  MIAMI - With just three Sundays left before Election Day, Sen. John Kerry is asking for all the help he can get from black voters and the Almighty...	1
0	Kerry: Bush Uses 'Scare Tactics' (AP)  AP - Sen. John Kerry, fighting back after President Bush accused him of having dangerous policies, said Tuesday that the Republican incumbent was resorting to a "blanket scare tactic" rather than focusing on his own important choices to keep the country safe.	0 1
1	Sharon sets date for Parliament vote on disengagement plan  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon vowed on Monday to put his Gaza withdrawal plan to a parliamentary vote on Oct. 25 but rejected his army #39;s request to scale back its Gaza offensive.	4
0	Kerry Promotes Expanded Stem Cell Research (AP)  AP - John Kerry on Monday accused President Bush of restricting potentially lifesaving stem cell research because of "extreme right-wing ideology" and underscored his own strong support for research that polls show has widespread backing.	0 1
0	Polls Show Presidential Race Still Very Tight (Reuters)  Reuters - Poll results released on Monday were divided on who leads the U.S. presidential race, as two gave a slight edge to Massachusetts Sen. John Kerry and one showed a slim margin of voters favoring President Bush.	0 1
1	Blair returns to Downing Street after heart trouble  HAMISH ROBERTSON: British Prime Minister Tony Blair has returned to Downing Street after undergoing hospital treatment for a heart ailment.	3
1	Bush Back in Florida to See Hurricane Damage  President Bush got a look at damage from Hurricane Frances on Wednesday and doled out food and water to Florida residents in his fourth visit in a month to a state vital to his re-election hopes.	0
0	An Agenda for Asia  Whatever the high drama of an American election night, sooner or later officials have to get on with their jobs. In Asia, the second Administration of George W. Bush will face a series of challenges.	0
0	An opportunity to find lasting peace  When Yasser Arafat died last week of an undisclosed illness, he left his Palestinian supporters bereft of their greatest modern ally.	2
0	Sharon gets big win he wanted in vote on unilateral withdrawal  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon won a historic victory yesterday when parliament voted to approve his plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip and parts of the West Bank - the first time that legislators have authorized the removal of Jewish settlements from 	4
0	Of Bush, Arafat and coinciding transitions  Bernard Sabella. Transitions are part of our lives: President George W. Bush #39;s re-election and President Yasser Arafat #39;s illness are but two examples.	0 2
1	Arafat recovering, his aides say  CLAMART, France Yasser Arafat is gradually recovering from serious illness after a weekend of treatment and tests at a French military hospital, Palestinian officials said Monday.	2
0	Bush, McCain Discuss Ads by Outside Groups  LAS CRUCES, N.M. - President Bush wants to work with Republican Sen...	0
0	Kerry, Bush Both Headed to Midwest  DES MOINES, Iowa - John Kerry on Friday prepared to deliver the first in a series of speeches that aides describe as his "closing arguments" in Milwaukee, the first stop of a daylong drive through Wisconsin. President Bush was also campaigning in the Midwest on Friday, heading to Cedar Rapids, Iowa, and Oshkosh, Wis., after more than a weeklong swing that included stops in St...	0 1
0	British, Irish PMs to meet N. Ireland parties over peace process  British Prime Minister Tony Blair and his Irish counterpart Bertie Ahern are to hold talks with Northern Ireland #39;s political parties in London Wednesday in an attempt to relaunch 	3
1	Danforth: Want to spend time with my wife  US Ambassador to the United Nations John Danforth wants to return to private life when President George W. Bush begins his second term.	0
1	Cheney uses flu issue to criticize Kerry, Edwards  CHARLESTON, W.Va. Vice President Cheney says the shortage of flu shots in America can be blamed on the threat of lawsuits and the small profit-margin in the vaccine business.	1
0	Kerry Tours Fla. Asking for Early Votes  PALM BEACH, Fla. - Florida voters get to cast their ballots for president beginning Monday, and Democrat John Kerry planned to spend all day asking for their votes...	1
0	Mixed Results for Bush in Battles Over Judges  After more than three years of battles over appointments, President Bush's ambitions for the courts are clear, but his record is mixed.	0
0	Bush, Kerry Camps Claim Momentum in Race (Reuters)  Reuters - The campaigns of Republican President Bush and Democrat John Kerry both claimed momentum on Friday amid a mix of polls offering a less-than-clear picture of the U.S. presidential race.	0 1
0	AP: Memo Warned About Medicare Cards  WASHINGTON - A day before the first presidential debate, the government's health policy watchdog raised concerns that early mailings to seniors about the new Medicare prescription discount cards championed by President Bush were confusing or inadequate.   "We found that these beneficiaries received very little mail from drug card sponsors that would enable them to make an informed choice among cards," the Health and Human Services Department inspector general wrote in the Sept...	0
0	Plane carrying ailing Arafat arrives near Paris (AFP)  AFP - A French airforce plane carrying Yasser Arafat landed at a military airport outside Paris, and officials said the ailing Palestinian leader would likely be transferred by helicopter to a nearby military hospital for medical treatment.	2
0	Bush Detractors Plan Quiet Rejection (AP)  AP - No buttons, signs or unusual dress will distinguish the protesters from the thousands who will line the inaugural parade route next month, but at a set time, they say they will demonstrate against President Bush  #151; by turning their backs on the chief executive.	0
0	Some of Bush Fund-Raisers Got Appointments (AP)  AP - One-third of President Bush's top 2000 fund-raisers or their spouses were appointed to positions in his first administration, from ambassadorships in Europe to seats on policy-setting boards, an Associated Press review found.	0
0	Talks centre on devolution plan  The latest proposals on restoring NI devolution are to be discussed  when Tony Blair meets David Trimble.	3
0	Bush, Kerry Resume Post-Debate Campaigns  ST. LOUIS - President Bush and Sen...	0
0	Two Anti-Kerry Vets Tapped for VA Panel  WASHINGTON - Two former Vietnam prisoners of war who appear in ads attacking Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry were appointed by the Bush administration to a panel advising the Department of Veterans Affairs.    The former POWs in the ad, Kenneth Cordier and Paul Galanti, serve on the VA's 12-member Former POW Advisory Committee...	1
1	Official: Arafats health deteriorating  Yasser Arafat has entered the intensive care unit on Thursday for new tests after his still-unexplained illness took a sudden turn for the worse, Palestinian officials have reported.	2
1	UK #39;s Blair Calls for EU Force for Africa Clashes (Update2)  UK Prime Minister Tony Blair called for the European Union to develop the capability to deploy troops to Africa within 10 days by next year, part of plans to fight poverty, disease and war in the region.	3
1	Campaigning Furiously, With Social Security in Tow  Accusing President Bush of plotting a  quot;January surprise quot; to cut Social Security benefits, Senator John Kerry told voters here and in Ohio on Sunday that 	0
0	Qorei to meet Palestinian factions  PRIME minister Ahmed Qorei will hold talks with leaders of the main Palestinian armed factions in a bid to prevent any outbreak of violence after the death of Yasser Arafat.	2
3	In Mr. Bush's Neighborhood, a Peculiar Intersection  The relationship between President Bush and Wall Street has always been a tangled one, layered with paradox and outright contradiction.	0
0	Arafat: A leader without a conscience  I will not shed a tear for the passing of Yasser Arafat, a man who invented modern terrorism. He was a leader who taught generations of Palestinians how to hate and how to kill.	2
1	10 more Palestinians die in Israeli onslaught  Ten Palestinians, including a deaf-mute man, were killed Sunday in a series of air and ground attacks by Israeli forces on the northern Gaza Strip, as Prime Minister Ariel Sharon vowed to press on with a vast military offensive.	4
1	Democrats Vow to Hold Bush Accountable  Congressional Democrats returned to Washington in a defiant mood yesterday, making no apologies for the campaign in which they lost congressional seats and the presidential 	0
0	Arafat working on release of British hostage, CNN producer  GAZA CITY - Palestinian President Yasser Arafat has offered to help secure the release of a British hostage being held in Iraq and demanded that Palestinian militants release a CNN producer kidnapped in Gaza, officials say.	2
0	Ex-Guardsman: I Contacted Kerry Campaign  AUSTIN, Texas - A retired Texas National Guard official mentioned as a possible source for disputed documents about President Bush's service in the Guard said he passed along information to a former senator working with John Kerry's campaign.    Also Saturday, a White House official said Bush has reviewed disputed documents that purport to show he refused orders to take a physical examination in 1972 and did not recall having seen them previously...	0 1
1	Kerry wins a round, but Bush is resolute  As the nation tuned in to Thursday night #39;s first presidential debate at the University of Miami, President George W. Bush finally faced his challenger, US Sen. John F. Kerry.	0 1
0	Is Sharon losing his grip?  TEL AVIV A shaky political system here raised a huge question mark last week over Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s ability to pursue his only existing diplomatic plan - the initiative to evacuate the Gaza strip and to remove some of the Israeli settlements 	4
0	U.S. Rules Out Iraq Women Prisoner Release  BAGHDAD, Iraq - Authorities insisted they won't give in to militants' demands to free female Iraqi prisoners despite the broadcast of a videotape that showed a tearful British hostage begging Britain to save his life.    The captive, Kenneth Bigley, appealed to British Prime Minister Tony Blair to intervene...	3
0	Sharon Opens Stormy Parliament Debate on Gaza Plan   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  Monday submitted his Gaza withdrawal plan for a crucial  parliamentary vote, while tanks and troops killed 14  Palestinians in a raid in the coastal strip.	4
1	Kerry scores over Bush in first debate  Democratic challenger John Kerry held his own in the first nationally televised debate with President George W. Bush on Thursday as he carpet-bombed the latter #39;s approach on Iraq and declared:  quot;I can do a better job.	0 1
0	World leaders head to Chile  A 29-year-old math teacher who goes by the name Patricio says that as soon as President Bush arrives in this South American capital tomorrow, the fighting will begin.	0
0	Blair 'shocked' by climate change  Prime Minister Tony Blair tells the BBC he believes time is running out on tackling climate change.	3
3	US posts tepid jobs growth in September, potential blow to Bush (AFP)  AFP - The United States posted disappointingly weak jobs growth in September, adding firepower to a pre-election Democratic assault on President George W. Bush's record.	0
1	Third Presidential Debate a TV Rerun (AP)  AP - George Bush avoided scowling and John Kerry managed to crack a few more smiles.	1
0	Israel agrees Arafat burial plans  Israel approves Palestinian plans to bury Yasser Arafat in Ramallah, as he lies in a deep coma in a French hospital.	2
1	Sharon Predicts  #39;Breakthrough #39; in Ties With Palestinians  Next year could bring a  quot;historic breakthrough quot; in Israel #39;s relations with the Palestinians, a buoyant Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel said today, insisting 	4
0	N. Irish Peace Talks End Without Breakthrough   LEEDS CASTLE, England (Reuters) - Talks aimed at reviving  home rule in Northern Ireland and disbanding IRA guerrillas  ended on Saturday without a final deal, British and Irish Prime  Ministers Tony Blair and Bertie Ahern said.	3
1	Straw visits Arafat tomb  Foreign Secretary Jack Straw has laid a wreath at Yasser Arafat #39;s West Bank grave and says talks with new Palestinian leaders have given him optimism about a revival of Middle East peacemaking.	2
0	Bush turns up the heat on N. Korea at APEC summit  Putting security threats at the top of his agenda, President Bush on Saturday won commitments from Russian and Asian leaders to press the North Koreans to eliminate their nuclear weapons programs.	0
0	Bush: Terrorists May Plan More Attacks  WASHINGTON - Denying he has painted too rosy a picture about Iraq, President Bush said Thursday that terrorists could "plot and plan attacks elsewhere, in America and other free nations" if U.S. forces were withdrawn...	0
1	Attack on Downing St gates closes Whitehall  Roads around Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s official residence were closed for more than an hour this morning after a man attacked the Downing Street security gates with a sledgehammer.	3
1	Arafat #39;s death makes little impression on most students  Although Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat died Wednesday, University student groups who are often no strangers to political activity have remained largely silent over his death.	2
0	US mum on Arafats return  MANCHESTER: The White House on Friday declined to say whether Israel should guarantee that ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat can return to the Palestinian territories after receiving medical treatment in Paris.	2
0	Gilligan blasts government over Hutton  Former BBC journalist Andrew Gilligan has harsh words for Tony Blair #39;s government and the BBC #39;s board of governors on in his first public appearance since resigning in the wake of the Hutton report.	3
1	EPA chief tapped as Health secretary  WASHINGTON - President Bush nominated EPA Administrator Michael Leavitt Monday to be his next secretary of Health and Human Services.	0
0	Blair Won't Apologize Over Iraq  LONDON - Prime Minister Tony Blair vigorously denied on Wednesday that he misrepresented intelligence about Iraqi weapons before the war, rejecting growing demands in Parliament to apologize for misleading his country.    Blair again accepted that British intelligence pointing to stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons was flawed, but he insisted he had been right to back the U.S.-led invasion...	3
0	Cheney Backs Off Linking Kerry and Terror Threat (Reuters)  Reuters - Vice President Dick Cheney on Friday tempered comments he made earlier this week that warned of the risk of another terrorist attack if Democratic Sen. John Kerry were elected president.	1
0	Bush: Kerry Wants to Expand Government (AP)  AP - Seeking to gain ground against Sen. John Kerry, President Bush said Thursday that his Democratic opponent "wants to expand government" in education, health care, taxes and virtually every other area of domestic policy.	0 1
0	Controversy over Arafat #39;s medical file  Paris: The widow of Yasser Arafat has questioned the right of his nephew to receive a copy of the medical file of the late Palestinian leader.	2
0	Yasser Arafats life-work must be continued  Britain #39;s Foreign Secretary Jack Straw pledged full support for the Palestinian election to find a successor to Yasser Arafat after paying homage to the veteran leader at his graveside.	2
0	Passing of Arafat Draws Mixed Reactions (AP)  AP - Tears and gunshots, praise and condemnation marked the death of Yasser Arafat, whose fight for the Palestinian cause made him a towering and controversial figure on the world stage.	2
1	President Bush tells baseball to get serious about steroids  CBC SPORTS ONLINE - US President George W. Bush asked Major League Baseball on Wednesday to take  quot;strong steps quot; to eradicate the use of steroids and other illegal performance-enhancing substances by players.	0
0	Bush Declares Genocide in Sudan's Darfur   WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States declared on  Thursday that the violence in Sudan's Darfur region amounted to  genocide and urged the world to back an expanded African  peacekeeping force to halt the bloodshed.	0
1	Kerry makes strides to close stature gap  The stature gap, the first and usually biggest hurdle of any challenger of an incumbent president, is now less of a worry for John Kerry.	1
1	World pays Rich Tributes to Yasser Arafat  ISLAMABAD: The world on Thursday mourned Palestinian leader Yasser Arafats demise, as condolence messages and words of praise for the visionary leader continued to pour in.	2
0	Kerry Lures Persuadable Voters in Debate (AP)  AP - Many undecided voters liked what they saw from John Kerry and were more than a little concerned about President Bush's performance in the first presidential debate  #151; but they still had questions about what Kerry would do in Iraq.	0 1
0	Bush Says He'll Better Protect Nation  ST. LOUIS - On the road and on the airwaves, President Bush is trying to paint this year's presidential race as a black-and-white decision for voters...	0
1	Battered Blair pushes domestic agenda  LONDONRarely has a politician looked as beleaguered as Tony Blair, yet still poised for victory. Branded a liar by a majority of voters, detested by many in his Labour party and dogged by rumours of his 	3
0	Africa's Woes Make It Haven for Terrorists - Blair   ADDIS ABABA (Reuters) - Poverty and conflict in Africa have  made it a refuge for terrorists, British Prime Minister Tony  Blair said on Thursday at a summit in Ethiopia he hopes will  turn the continent's problems into a global priority.	3
1	Cairo hosting Arafat funeral  A military funeral for the Palestinian President, Yasser Arafat, will be held in the Egyptian capital, Cairo this morning. After the funeral President Arafat #39;s coffin will be flown by helicopter to Ramallah for burial.	2
0	Four Die in Iraq Suicide Attack on UK Troops  A suicide car bomber killed three British soldiers and a translator at a checkpoint in Iraq on Thursday, raising the prospect of a political backlash for Tony Blair who dispatched them to a dangerous area near Baghdad.	3
0	Sharon Says Will Seek Coalition with Labor   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  said Thursday he would seek a governing coalition with Shimon  Peres's Labor Party and pledged to press ahead with a planned  Gaza pullout.	4
3	President sees lead shrink on U of I Electronic Markets  Iowa City, Ia. - President Bush #39;s lead in the University of Iowa-run Iowa Electronic Markets has shrunk in the past week with Democratic challenger Sen. John Kerry making a comeback among online investors, according to markets data on Friday.	0 1
0	Blasts Near Gaza-Egypt Border, Several Casualties   GAZA (Reuters) - Palestinian militants blew up an Israeli  army post on the Gaza-Egypt border on Sunday and at least four  Israeli troops were reported killed in the deadliest attack  since Yasser Arafat died a month ago.	2
0	Bush, Kerry Clash Over Latest Jobs Report (AP)  AP - President Bush hailed a slight decline in unemployment Friday as reason for his re-election, evidence the "economy is strong and getting stronger." Not so, said Sen. John Kerry, countering that the administration's term will end with a net loss of jobs.	0 1
0	A Gandhi preaches peace in Mideast  RAMALLAH, West Bank -- A grandson of Mohandas Gandhi took the Indian leader's doctrine of nonviolent resistance yesterday to Yasser Arafat's bullet-riddled headquarters in the heart of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.	2
1	Kidnapped Aid Official Begs Blair To Save Her  Pleading for her life between terrified sobs, kidnapped aid official Margaret Hassan appeared on a videotape Friday urging British Prime Minister Tony Blair to abandon Iraq 	3
3	Bush Win Sends Oil Near  $51 a Barrel  Oil prices surged more than  $1 on Wednesday as the re-election of President Bush countered the impact of a big increase in spare oil supplies ahead of winter.	0
1	Arafat #39;s Widow Retrieves Medical Records  In this picture released by the Palestinian Authority, Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, center, shakes hands with doctors at his compound in the West Bank town of Ramallah, in this Oct. 28, 2004 file photo.	2
1	Israeli Forces Won #39;t Evacuate Gaza Under Fire, #39; Sharon Says  Israeli military forces must act to prevent terrorism in the Gaza Strip so a withdrawal from the Palestinian territory doesn #39;t take place under fire, #39; #39; Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said.	4
1	Kerry Confused By 21st Century Global Realities  During the second presidential debate President George W. Bushs Democrat challenger, Senator John Kerry, proved that having ideas doesnt make an individual enlightened any more than having soldiers makes someone a good general.	1
0	Blair Rules Out Iraq Civilian Death Toll Probe  British Prime Minister Tony Blair rejected a call Wednesday for an independent inquiry into the civilian death toll in the US-led war in Iraq.	3
0	Official: U.S. Will Pursue Reconstruction (AP)  AP - President Bush's ambassador to Afghanistan said Tuesday he believes the United States would pursue reconstruction and a buildup of security forces there regardless of whether a Republican or Democrat were in charge.	0
0	Blair welcomes Iraq report  Prime Minister Tony Blair, a key ally of US President George W. Bush in last year #39;s invasion of Iraq, has put a brave face on an inspectors #39; report that concluded Iraq had no illegal weapons.	0 3
0	Congress Seeks Environmental-Farming Money (AP)  AP - The House voted Monday to protect aid to farmers who convert to environmentally sound practices. The measure, now on its way to President Bush, would block the Agriculture Department from tapping some of the funding for administrative expenses. The USDA's use of program money for overhead costs farmers about  #36;150 million a year that could help them learn farming methods that protect air, water and wildlife, said Environmental Defense spokesman Scott Faber.	0
1	Poll: Americans Skeptical About Election  President Bush speaks at a campaign rally at River Center The Great River Hall Monday, Oct. 25, 2004 in Davenport, Iowa. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais).	0
0	Local Palestinians remember Arafat  CHARLOTTE, NC -- Charlotte #39;s Palestinian community remembered Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat Saturday. The Palestine Right to Return Coalition held a memorial ceremony at Marshall Park in uptown Charlotte.	2
1	Sharon firm on Gaza withdrawal  JERUSALEM -- Prime Minister Ariel Sharon yesterday rejected calls from Jewish settlers to hold a countrywide referendum on his plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip, escalating an increasingly bitter dispute with former allies who now accuse him of leading 	4
0	Kerry: Allawi's Take on Iraq Unrealistic  COLUMBUS, Ohio - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry said Thursday that Iraq's Ayad Allawi was sent before Congress to put the "best face" on a Bush administration policy that has gone wrong.    Shortly after Allawi, the interim government's prime minister, gave a rosy portrayal of progress toward peace in Iraq, Kerry said the assessment contradicted Allawi's own statements as well as the reality on the ground...	1
0	Arafat Admits Mistakes in Speech to Parliament  Yasser Arafat acknowledged Wednesday that the Palestinian Authority had made mistakes, but the rare admission appeared to be aimed more at deflecting criticism about his corrupt government than making real changes.	2
0	Bush Spends Last Day At Pacific Rim Summit In Chile  President Bush was holding one-on-one talks Sunday with leaders of Chile and Mexico. He leaves Santiago Monday to return to Central Texas, where he will spend the remainder of the week.	0
1	Cheney Praises Bush as Protesters Flood New York  Vice President Dick Cheney, arriving in New York on the eve of the Republican convention on Sunday, praised President Bush #39;s response to the Sept.	0
1	Four Die in Iraq Suicide Attack on UK Troops  A suicide car bomber killed three British soldiers and a translator at a checkpoint in Iraq on Thursday, raising the prospect of a political backlash for Tony Blair who dispatched them to a dangerous area near Baghdad.	3
1	Provisional ballots explained  President Bush led by an estimated 136,000 votes in Ohio, which became the one state that could have tipped the election in favor of either candidate, and Democratic officials believed as many as 250,000 votes remained uncounted.	0
0	Britain's Blair Faces Poll Amidst Iraq Hostage Crisis   BRIGHTON, England (Reuters) - The anguish of a British  hostage in Iraq hangs over Prime Minister Tony Blair on  Thursday as he faces the twin test of a local election and a  debate by his Labour Party about the divisive war.	3
0	CBS Defends Report on Bush Guard Memos  WASHINGTON - CBS News mounted an aggressive defense Friday of its report about President Bush's service in the Air National Guard, with anchor Dan Rather saying broadcast memos questioned by forensic experts came from "what we consider to be solid sources."   On Friday's "CBS Evening News," Rather said that "no definitive evidence" has emerged to prove the documents are forgeries.   "If any definitive evidence comes up, we will report it," Rather said...	0
1	Lawmakers want Bush to condemn Kerry attack ads  Vietnam veteran and former Sen. Max Cleland Wednesday plans to deliver a letter to President Bush at his ranch in Crawford, Texas, asking him to publicly condemn attack ads that dispute Democratic 	0 1
0	Bush, Kerry Clash on State of Economy  AKRON, Ohio - President Bush and John Kerry battled over the economy and jobs in a small corner of the campaign's most fiercely contested state Saturday as polls showed a post-convention surge for the Republican in the White House.   "They promised to create 6 million jobs, and guess what? They're about 7 million short," charged Kerry, campaigning in a state that sided with Bush in 2000, but now has unemployment above the national average...	0 1
1	Sharon, cabinet agree to major offensive in Gaza  JERUSALEM/GAZA - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and his security cabinet agreed late Thursday to a major offensive military offensive against Palestinian militants in the Gaza Strip.	4
0	McCain, Giuliani to Hail Bush on Security  NEW YORK - Sen. John McCain and former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani, two of the Republican Party's most popular politicians, open President Bush's nominating convention by calling him a leader unafraid of making unpopular choices to protect a nation scarred by the Sept...	0
0	Bush, Kerry Aim for Battleground Ohio (AP)  AP - Chatter about President Bush and Democrat John Kerry was going strong above the whir of spin cycles at the Soapbox laundry, the debate reflecting the presidential race in a must-win state for both candidates.	0 1
0	Protesters May Not Have Swearing-In Spot (AP)  AP - The park service has given the Presidential Inaugural Committee clearance to erect bleachers along parts of Pennsylvania Avenue where an anti-war group had requested permits to stage a large-scale protest during President Bush's parade.	0
1	Bush orders US security changes  President George W. Bush issued Executive Orders and directives Friday to improve government counter-terrorism capabilities, the White House said.	0
1	For Bush, Confidence Can Cut Two Ways  For friends and enemies abroad who have been wondering who #39;s really in charge of US foreign policy, the answer is now unmistakable: A victorious and newly confident George W. Bush is running the show.	0
0	What Do Women Want in a Presidential Candidate? (Reuters)  Reuters - Tammy Hough is a life-long Republican, a socially conservative stay-at-home mother and a woman who puts American security as a top priority, so many pundits see her vote as an easy one for President Bush. But she's not so sure.	0
0	Fight Over Kerry's War Record Escalates  WASHINGTON - John Kerry's Vietnam War service records run to multiple medal commendations and a notation of "conspicuous gallantry" in combat. President Bush's file tracks the stateside career of a National Guard test pilot...	0 1
1	Arafat Says General, Presidential Polls Soon  RAMALLAH, September 4 (IslamOnline.net  amp; News Agencies) - Palestinian President Yasser Arafat said Saturday, September 4, a date for presidential and general elections would be set immediately after the municipal elections, slated for next winter.	2
0	Arafat appeals to kidnappers  PALESTINIAN leader Yasser Arafat today issued an urgent call for the immediate release of two French journalists taken hostage in Iraq.	2
1	States up for grabs dwindling  The news flashed around the narrow world of presidential politics in a nanosecond late last week - George W. Bush will campaign in New Jersey!	0
0	Bush Pledges 'Nothing Will Hold Us Back'  NEW YORK - President Bush picked apart John Kerry's record on the Iraq war and tax cuts Thursday night and summoned the nation toward victory over terrorism and economic security at home. "Nothing will hold us back," he said in a Republican National Convention acceptance speech that launched his fall re-election campaign...	0 1
1	Kerry Draws Even With Bush at 45 Percent in Zogby Tracking Poll  Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry moved into a tie with President George W. Bush in the latest Reuters/Zogby tracking poll of likely voters.	0 1
0	Vatican Says Anti-Kerry Lawyer Hoodwinked Them (Reuters)  Reuters - A conservative U.S. lawyer's attempt to enlist the Vatican in his drive to declare Senator John Kerry a heretic over his abortion views backfired Wednesday when the Holy See said it had been hoodwinked.	1
0	Bush plays on isolationist sentiment in tight White House race with Kerry (AFP)  AFP - To assure his reelection on November 2, President George W. Bush appears unhesitant about playing the isolationist card, belittling Democratic challenger John Kerry's commitment to greater cooperation with US allies.	0 1
0	Shrugging Off Mutiny, Sharon Rejects Gaza Referendum   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli leader Ariel Sharon rejected  calls from within his mutinous cabinet on Wednesday for a  referendum on leaving Gaza after winning parliament's support  to uproot settlements from land claimed by Palestinians.	4
0	Heseltine attacks Iraq decision  Former deputy prime minister Lord Heseltine criticises Tony Blair for taking Britain to war with Iraq.	3
1	Springsteen, REM kick off  quot;Vote for Change quot; concerts  Twenty years after releasing  quot;Born in the USA, quot; Bruce Springsteen returned to the anti-war anthem as he and other artists kicked off a multistate tour aimed at helping to oust President Bush.	0
0	Debates Panel Seeks Bush, Kerry Response (AP)  AP - The commission that proposed three presidential candidate debates says time is running out for the Bush and Kerry campaigns to agree on details so organizers can finalize their plans.	1
0	Sharon Says Iran Doing All to Get Nuclear Weapons   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  accused arch-foe Iran Monday of doing everything it could to  obtain nuclear weapons.	4
1	Now on DVD: The Passion of the Bush  The DVD "George W. Bush: Faith in the White House," marketed as a response to "Fahrenheit 9/11," portrays the president as God's warrior.	0
1	Bush keeps 4 cabinet heads, names ex-Republican chief at Veterans <b>...</b>  President George W. Bush announced Thursday he was keeping the heads of the Transportation, Interior, Housing and Labour departments, ending the major shakeup that will put new faces on three-fifths of his cabinet in his second term.	0
0	Kerry Challenges Bush to Weekly Debates (Reuters)  Reuters - Democrat John Kerry on Thursday challenged Republican President Bush, to weekly debates from now until the Nov. 2 presidential election.	0 1
3	Congress blocks Internet taxation legislation  The bill to ban state and federal levies on all types of connections for three years now goes to Bush. By Mary Dalrymple. WASHINGTON -- Congress acted Friday to block state and local governments from taxing 	0
0	Echoes of a 1972 Loss Haunt a 2004 Campaign  John Kerry is once again surrounded by many of the loyalists from his first campaign  the only one he has ever lost.	1
0	Arafat admits mistakes and promises to end corruption - but fails to win over critics  Yasser Arafat yesterday made the unusually frank admission that he had made mistakes and that there had been  quot;unacceptable practices by me and many others quot; within the Palestinian Authority. 	2
2	Bush Wants Baseball to Work Out Steroids Problem   WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Bush wants Major League  Baseball management and players to come up with a tough  steroids testing program on their own and believes progress is  being made, his spokesman said on Wednesday.	0
1	Bush taps deputy Treasury chief Sam Bodman to serve as Energy <b>...</b>  President Bush has nominated Sam Bodman, deputy Treasury secretary, to succeed Spencer Abraham as head of the Energy Department.  quot;I know Sam Bodman is the right man to lead this 	0
0	President Bush Signing Tax Bill in Iowa (AP)  AP - Just in time for the election, President Bush is going to one of the most contested states to sign his fourth tax cut in four years.	0
1	Kerry says Bush trying to shift topic  Democrat John Kerry said Tuesday that President Bush  #39; #39;didn #39;t talk reality at the United Nations #39; #39; and pressed him to answer questions about policies that Kerry said have made Iraq a violent mess.	0 1
0	White House: Guard Never Disciplined Bush (AP)  AP - President Bush never was disciplined while serving in the Texas Air National Guard, never failed a physical and never asked his father or family friends for help to get him into the guard during the Vietnam War, the White House said Wednesday.	0
0	Arafat #39;s condition is improving, aide says  PARIS -- Yasser Arafat #39;s health is improving, one of his aides said Tuesday, repeating that tests have ruled out leukemia as the cause of the Palestinian leader #39;s health problems.	2
1	Bush Defends Iraq Decisions in Canada  President George W. Bush, left, walks with Canada #39;s Prime Minister Paul Martin at the Parliament Building before their meeting in Ottawa, Canada, Tuesday, Nov. 30, 2004.	0
0	Bush to Honor Vets at Arlington Cemetery (AP)  AP - As U.S. troops battle insurgents in Fallujah, President Bush is paying his annual Veterans Day tribute to the armed forces.	0
1	Ghanaians in US Want Kerry  GhanaHomePage polls conducted over the last two weeks, among Ghanaians in USA, shows Democratic presidential candidate Sen. John Kerry running a 46-point lead, 71-25, over President George Bush.	1
0	Sharon Says He Won't Stop Gaza Pullout  Facing unrelenting criticism from Jewish settlers, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Monday nothing would deter him from pushing forward with his plan to pull out of the Gaza Strip and parts of the West Bank.	4
1	Arafat in Serious Condition, Foreign Medics Summoned  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is in a very serious condition but was able to take part in Muslim morning prayers on Thursday, officials said, as a team of foreign doctors rushed to his headquarters.	2
0	Opinion Polls Show Bush and Kerry Equal  NEW YORK - National opinion polls show Democratic challenger Sen. John Kerry running even with President George W...	1
0	Kerry Says Republicans Suppressing Voting (AP)  AP - Republicans have been trying to suppress voting in states where the presidential race is too close to call, Democratic nominee John Kerry said Sunday at one of the city's largest predominantly black churches.	1
0	Bush Attends GOP Fund-Raiser in NYC (AP)  AP - The crowd shouted him down repeatedly, once with a roar so loud he confessed it shook him up. But President Bush liked these shouters: loud voices of support in a state where he was soundly defeated four years ago.	0
0	Cheney, Edwards prepare for debate as race tightens (AFP)  AFP - US Vice President Dick Cheney will square off with his Democratic rival John Edwards in a televised debate that suddenly takes on importance for the Republicans after George W. Bush's tepid showing last week.	0
1	French hostility a chronic problem  PARIS -- US diplomats here respond to Jacques Chirac #39;s continued Yankee-bashing following George W. Bush #39;s re-election by saying the French president is out of step with his people, who are not nearly that anti-American.	0
0	Israeli TV Says Arafat Health Has Worsened   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli television said on Wednesday  that Palestinian President Yasser Arafat's health had  deteriorated.	2
0	Defiant Sharon sets out Gaza plan  Israeli PM Ariel Sharon pushes ahead with an accelerated plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip despite opposition.	4
0	Sharon renews threat to Arafat   quot;We acted against the heads of Hamas ... in a way we found right at the right time when it was convenient for us, quot;. Sharon said on Wednesday.	2
0	Iran is working on nuclear missile, warns Powell  Iran loomed as the second Bush administration #39;s most urgent foreign policy challenge yesterday, as Colin Powell, the outgoing Secretary of State, warned that the country was 	0
1	Kerry tells newspaper he is free of cancer  Sen. John Kerry #39;s doctors have told him he is cured of the prostate cancer that sidelined him almost two years ago and that there is a slim chance it could recur in the next decade, The New York Times said 	1
0	Palestinians want Arafat records made public  PARIS - France #39;s foreign minister said Tuesday France will only release Yasser Arafat #39;s medical records to his family, despite a request from Palestinian leaders.	2
1	Poll shows comfortable lead for Kerry, huge lead for Boxer  SAN FRANCISCO A poll out this morning shows Democrat John Kerry is holding a comfortable lead over President Bush in California, while Senator Boxer is set to trounce her challenger.	0 1
1	New voters eager to get in the game  If President Bush wins re-election, he #39;ll owe it to voters who regularly go to the polls. If Sen. John Kerry prevails, he #39;ll have new voters to thank.	0 1
0	Bush Determined to Have Iraq Hold Elections on Schedule  President Bush said today that there would be more bloodshed in Iraq before the Jan. 30 elections there, but he vowed that they would go on as scheduled.	0
1	Bethlehem hopes for post-Arafat Christmas revival  As memorial posters of Yasser Arafat fade fast in Bethlehem #39;s Manger Square, Palestinians in the birthplace of Jesus dare to hope this Christmas will not be as bleak as the last few.	2
0	Military Documents Contradict Kerry Critic  WASHINGTON - A Vietnam veteran who claims Sen. John Kerry lied about being under fire during a Mekong Delta engagement that won Kerry a Bronze Star was under constant fire himself during the same skirmish, according to the man's own medal citation, a newspaper reported...	1
0	Sharon submits Gaza plan to Israeli lawmakers  Just hours after a deadly army raid on a Gaza refugee camp, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon asked Israeli lawmakers to approve his plan for a unilateral withdrawal from the disputed coastal strip.	4
1	Kerry:  #39;America can do better #39;  Senator John Kerry started his Sunday in Ohio, a state many people believe he must carry Tuesday to be elected President of the United States.	1
0	Bush Visits Fla. to Survey Jeanne Damage  CRAWFORD, Texas - President Bush is eyeing Florida's 27 electoral votes, but after being battered by four hurricanes in six weeks the state's voters are more interested in weather forecasts than the shifting political winds.    Bush was surveying hurricane damage Wednesday in Lake Wales, Fla., a fast-growing swing area in the center of the states, on his way to Miami and a debate against Democratic presidential rival John Kerry the following night...	0 1
0	Area Jews, Arabs split on death of Arafat  The death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat has brought hope locally for a reopened peace process between Palestine and Israel - and a caution that Israel and the United States have the responsibility 	2
0	Four Die in Iraq Suicide Attack on UK Troops  A suicide car bomber killed three British soldiers and a translator at a checkpoint in Iraq on Thursday, raising the prospect of a political backlash for Tony Blair who dispatched them to a dangerous area near Baghdad.	3
1	Bush, Cheney  #39;In Denial #39; Over Iraq - Edwards  President Bush is in  quot;a complete state of denial quot; about the deteriorating situation in Iraq, Democratic vice presidential candidate John Edwards charged on Wednesday.	0
1	More US struggles put Europs on cusp: Americans need repeat of <b>...</b>  President George W. Bush was a governor in 1999 when his reading of a William Travis letter from the besieged Alamo stirred the American Ryder Cup team into a frenzy 	0
1	Bush, Kerry Trade Charges on Leadership  Bitingly personal, President Bush called Sen. John Kerry too weak and wavering for wartime leadership Thursday while the Democrat held Bush responsible for missing explosives in Iraq.	0 1
3	Ottawa talks of trade war against US  OTTAWA -- Just a week before George W. Bush arrives for a feel-good visit with Paul Martin, Ottawa is talking tough about a possible trade war with the United States.	0
1	UK #39;s Blair Changes Cabinet to Prepare for Election (Update1)  UK Prime Minister Tony Blair will today announce more changes to his Cabinet, his office said late yesterday, after he appointed former Health Secretary Alan Milburn to a policy-planning post before the next election.	3
1	Bush never touted his service record  AT THE DNC and during his entire campaign, John Kerry #39;s four months of Vietnam service served as a defining theme. Therefore, his service should be closely scrutinized since he has promoted it as a key element of his ability to lead the country.	0 1
0	Blair hails 'remarkable' Powell (AFP)  AFP - Prime Minister Tony Blair paid tribute to outgoing US Secretary of State Colin Powell, calling him  quot;a remarkable man quot; and a long-time  quot;good friend quot; of Britain.	3
0	Kerry expresses certainty that vote outcome will be known quickly (AFP)  AFP - Democratic presidential challenger John Kerry expressed confidence in an interview broadcast that results of the November 2 balloting will be known quickly and without the charges of fraud and protracted wrangling that marred the vote four years ago.	1
0	Kerry Returns to Life As Senator (AP)  AP - Just one of 100 again, Sen. John Kerry remained far from the spotlight Tuesday on his first workday back in the Senate after losing his bid for the presidency.	1
1	White House Letter: Is Bush overprotected?  WASHINGTON In these closing weeks of the presidential campaign, the talk at an edgy White House is of polls, turnout, swing voters and polls.	0
0	New Era for Mideast After Arafat #39;s Death  Late Palestinian Leader Yasser Arafat and United Nations Mideast envoy Terje Roed-Larsen are seen during their meeting at Arafat #39;s office in the West Bank city of Ramallah in this Wednesday, Nov. 21, 2001 file photo.	2
0	Clinton jumps into campaign, as missing explosives force Bush on defensive (AFP)  AFP - Democratic candidate John Kerry charged President George W. Bush with  quot;incredible incompetence quot; over the disappearance of powerful explosives in Iraq, while Bush accused his rival of offering a  quot;strategy of pessimism and retreat quot; in Iraq.	0 1
0	Blair to Have Medical Procedure on Heart  LONDON - British Prime Minister Tony Blair said he will undergo a medical procedure Friday to correct an irregular heartbeat, a surprise announcement linked to treatment he had a year ago.    Blair also used the opportunity to end months of speculation about his leadership future by announcing that he intends to serve a full third term if his party is re-elected in national elections expected next year...	3
1	Political Digest Bush wins Iowa; result has no effect  With Bush holding a 12,000-vote advantage, Iowa election officials determined yesterday that there were not enough uncounted absentee votes for Kerry to overcome Bush #39;s lead.	0 1
0	Specter Vows Fairness for Judicial Nominees (AP)  AP - Insisting he has no litmus test, the Republican in line to head the Senate Judiciary Committee pledged Sunday not to stall President Bush's judicial nominees, even if the prospective judges oppose abortion rights.	0
1	Down Democrats, Happy Republicans Look to 2008  A demoralized Democratic Party tried to pick up the pieces on Thursday as Republicans celebrated President Bush #39;s re-election, with both sides 	0
0	Russia in anti-terror talks  ISRAELI Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, speaking on the eve of a visit by Russia #39;s foreign minister, today called for an international anti-terrorist alliance following the deadly seizure of a Russian school by militants.	4
1	Peace is nowhere in sight  Recent predictions that the death of Yasser Arafat will usher in a new era of Palestinian peacemaking are, I regret to say, a joke.	2
0	Iran Says It Has Halted Uranium Enrichment (AP)  AP - Iran said Monday it has frozen all uranium enrichment programs  #151; a claim welcomed by Europe even as it weakened a U.S. push to refer Tehran's suspect nuclear activities to the U.N. Security Council. President Bush said he hoped the statement is true but "there must be verification."	0
1	British Court Strikes Down Key Part of Anti-Terror Law  Britain #39;s highest court has ruled that suspected foreign terrorists cannot be held indefinitely without trial. The ruling is a major blow to the anti-terrorist strategy of Prime Minister Tony Blair.	3
1	Big Changes Seen in Choice for Homeland Security  Administration and Congressional officials said Friday that President Bush #39;s selection of Bernard B. Kerik as the new secretary of homeland security 	0
0	Dahlan Bows Out of Palestinian Elections (AP)  AP - Gaza strongman Mohammed Dahlan, once seen as a possible successor to Yasser Arafat, said Tuesday he will not run in the Jan. 9 elections and instead endorsed the interim Palestinian leader, Mahmoud Abbas.	2
0	Palestinians push for Arafat file  A Palestinian delegation is going to Paris to seek further details on the cause of Yasser Arafat's death, say officials.	2
0	Kerry Tries to Counter Impact of Criticism  WASHINGTON - Attacks on John Kerry's war record may be beginning to have an impact, polls suggest, amid raised voices and new TV ads on a subject at least temporarily dominating debate in the close presidential race.    Democrats are laboring to deflect the questioning of Kerry's record with fresh ads touting his fitness for national command, even as the White House mocks the Massachusetts senator as "losing his cool" over claims he lied to win military medals in Vietnam...	1
0	Queen opens climate summit  The Queen is to open a conference on climate change today during her state visit to Germany. The gathering, held at the British embassy in Berlin, will make recommendations on climate change to Prime Minister Tony Blair.	3
1	 #39;Batman #39; Ends Buckingham Palace Ledge Protest  An activist dressed as Batman, from the fathers #39; rights group that pelted Prime Minister Tony Blair with flour-filled condoms, caused a major security breach Monday by scaling the front wall of Buckingham Palace.	3
1	Iraq war dominates opening US debate  In their first head-to-head confrontation of the election campaign, President George Bush and Senator John Kerry repeatedly clashed over the war in Iraq.	1
0	China slams Bush on eve of poll  BEIJING, China -- In a hard-hitting commentary on the eve of US elections, China has slammed the war in Iraq, saying it has destroyed the global war on terror.	0
0	Bush and Kerry Rush Back to the Campaign Trail  President Bush attacked John Kerry on Iraq today, taking a more aggressive approach than he had in the previous night's debate.	0 1
3	Moving toward an 'ownership society'  Ronald Reagan was a hero to the conservative movement. He cut taxes and stood up to the Russians. But like Moses, Reagan was never able to lead his followers to the promised land -- scaling back the welfare state. I have a hunch that President Bush, if he wins reelection, might succeed where Reagan failed. If he does manage to ...	0
0	Fattouhi Is Sworn in as Interim Palestinian Authority President  Rawhi Fattouh, speaker of the Palestinian Legislative Council, was sworn in today at noon as interim president of the Palestinian Authority, hours after Yasser Arafat died in a French hospital.	2
1	Bush, Kerry clash over Iraq  US President George W. Bush and his rival for the White House, Senator John Kerry, clashed over the war in Iraq on Monday as the two candidates tried to depict themselves 	0 1
1	Bloggers draw blood as CBS forced to apologise  To hear some press experts tell it, CBS #39;s admission that it was duped into using questionable documents about President George W. Bush #39;s National Guard service during the Vietnam War was 	0
0	U.S. Military Deaths in Iraq Pass 1,000 (AP)  AP - U.S. military deaths in the Iraq campaign passed the 1,000 milestone Tuesday, with more than 800 of them during the stubborn insurgency that flared after the Americans brought down Saddam Hussein and President Bush declared major combat over.	0
1	Bush, Kerry Continue Campaigning in Hotly Contested States  President Bush and his Democratic rival, Senator John Kerry, have more campaign stops scheduled in hotly contested states Thursday, with the US presidential election just five days away.	0
1	Bush, Kerry must alter views on foreign policy  In a world in which politicians reasoned rather than bellowed, the Duelfer report about Iraq and weapons of mass destruction would cause both George W. Bush and John Kerry to reconsider basic premises of their foreign policy.	0 1
0	Bush Surveys Hurricane Damage in Florida  PENSACOLA, Fla. - President Bush told shell-shocked survivors of Hurricane Ivan on Sunday that "we're praying for you" as he made his third campaign-season trip to Florida and his first to Alabama to assess storm damage...	0
0	Euopean press review  The death and legacy of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat dominate today #39;s European papers. Some hold out the hope that his passing will provide a new impetus for peace in the Middle East, while others are 	2
1	Bush calls Kerry the worst kind of Monday morning quarterback  DUBUQUE, Iowa President Bush says John Kerry has participated in  quot;the worst kind of Monday morning quarterbacking quot; when it comes to issues affecting Americans #39; security.	0 1
0	Bush says Iran nuke claims must be verified  CARTAGENA, Colombia - President Bush said Monday that he hopes Irans claim that it has suspended uranium enrichment and has no nuclear weapons ambitions is true, but there must be verification.	0
0	Kerry Derides Allawi's Take on Iraq as Unrealistic  John Kerry said today that the Iraqi interim prime minister was sent before Congress to put the "best face" on administration policy.	1
0	Bush Campaign Lawyer Quits Over Ties to Ads Group (Reuters)  Reuters - A top lawyer for President Bush's re-election campaign resigned on Wednesday after disclosing he provided legal advice to a group that accuses Democratic Presidential candidate John Kerry of lying about his Vietnam War record.	0 1
1	Running and Hiding Behind Clever Catch Phrases  By Anthony Wade As the glow fades from the second presidential debate, where John Kerry once again appeared more presidential, we must turn our attention to the stretch run and ensure that the Bush Cabal does not use clever catch phrases and non 	1
1	Register today for this OpinionJournal seminar  Amid the controversy over  quot;Unfit for Command quot; and the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth, it #39;s worth noting that John Kerry #39;s surrogates continue to overstate their man #39;s Vietnam record.	1
0	Bush Set to Sign  #36;388B Legislative Bill (AP)  AP - President Bush was poised Wednesday to sign a  #36;388 billion legislative package that covers the spending of every federal agency but the Pentagon and Department of Homeland Security.	0
1	Palestinian Leader Arafat Dead at 75  Palestinian Authority President Yasir Arafat died this morning in a French military hospital. He was 75 years old. Arafat spent the last three weeks of his life in France with an unspecified illness, and his last few days in a deep coma.	2
1	Bush, Kerry near final debate  President Bush and Democratic rival Sen. John Kerry square off Wednesday night in Tempe, Arizona, for the last in their series of what have been bare-knuckle debates.	0 1
0	Sharon: Israeli Troops Will Stay in Gaza  JERUSALEM - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon pledged Sunday to escalate a broad Israeli offensive in northern Gaza, saying troops will remain until Palestinian rocket attacks are halted. Israeli officials said the offensive - in which 58 Palestinians and three Israelis have been killed - will help clear the way for an Israeli withdrawal...	4
1	UPDATE 2-Kerry, Bush duel over Medicare, terror war  Democrat John Kerry criticized President George W. Bush on Saturday for burying a record jump in Medicare premiums in a pre-holiday announcement that came during a rush of news at home and abroad.	0 1
1	Arafat better, focused on US election  Yasser Arafat #39;s health has improved enough for him to undergo tests he couldn #39;t have stood before, and the Palestinian leader was following the US presidential 	2
0	Israeli Parliament Clears Payoffs for Gaza Settlers  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon won another crucial, but not definitive, parliamentary vote today as legislators approved a  $900 million bill to compensate settlers who will be compelled to leave the Gaza Strip.	4
1	Bush: National security most important issue  President Bush will continue his bid to win over conservative Democrats when he campaigns Thursday in Michigan, Ohio and Pennsylvania, looking to shore up support in those crucial battleground states.	0
0	Kerry Ahead of Bush by One Point -ABC Poll (Reuters)  Reuters - Democratic nominee Sen. John Kerry holds a one-point lead over President Bush, according to the latest ABC tracking poll released on Monday.	0 1
0	Sharon sees 'great historic opportunity'  JERUSALEM -- Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, insisting that Israel has no wish to rule over the Palestinians, declared yesterday that 2005 would be  quot;the year of a great historic opportunity quot; in the Middle East.	4
0	Arafat #39;s Wife Launches Emotional Attack  Senior Palestinian leaders flew to Paris Monday to assess the health of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat. They had hesitated briefly after Arafat #39;s wife launched a tirade 	2
1	THE PRESIDENT In Exulting Bush Throngs, Just a Little Bit of <b>...</b>  There is a good deal of nail biting going on at the mostly picture-perfect campaign rallies held for President Bush. Terry Buck, a first-grade teacher from Cleveland, feels the nervousness.	0
0	Blair  #39;popularity dip inevitable #39;  LONDON: A close ally of British Prime Minister Tony Blair said yesterday it was inevitable that Blair should be less popular now than when he took office in 1997.	3
0	Navy Says Kerry's Service Awards OK'd (AP)  AP - The Navy's chief investigator concluded Friday that procedures were followed properly in the approval of Sen. John Kerry's Silver Star, Bronze Star and Purple Heart medals, according to an internal Navy memo.	1
0	French Government Says Arafat Was Not Poisoned   PARIS (Reuters) - The French government insisted on  Wednesday that Yasser Arafat was not poisoned and Le Monde  newspaper quoted doctors as saying he suffered from an unusual  blood disease and a liver problem.	2
0	After Arafat Death, Sharon Vows to Pursue Gaza Plan (Reuters)  Reuters - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said on Thursday Yasser Arafat's death could be a turning point for peacemaking but he would pursue a unilateral plan that would strip Palestinians of some land they want for a state.	2 4
1	Bush and Kerry duel on health care, weapons  President George W. Bush and Democratic rival John Kerry have dueled over health care and the expired assault weapons ban, with Bush slamming 	0 1
0	Few Tough Questions at 'Town Hall' Events (AP)  AP - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry talk often about the needs and ambitions of ordinary people, but neither encounters many along a campaign trail defined by the exquisitely stage-managed photo op and fortified by Secret Service agents.	0 1
0	UK PM Announces Plans for ID Cards  Britain #39;s Prime Minister Tony Blair holds his Biometric card at the Passport Office in central London, Monday Oct. 25, 2004. Blair visited the Passport Office who are undertaking a Biometrics Enrollment trial 	3
0	Bush's National Guard File Missing Records  WASHINGTON - Documents that should have been written to explain gaps in President Bush's Texas Air National Guard service are missing from the military records released about his service in 1972 and 1973, according to regulations and outside experts.    For example, Air National Guard regulations at the time required commanders to write an investigative report for the Air Force when Bush missed his annual medical exam in 1972...	0
1	Bush weighs in to N Ireland peace process  United States President George W Bush has made a rare intervention in the Northern Ireland peace process, telephoning hardline Protestant leader Ian Paisley to urge him to make a deal with Sinn Fein.	0
1	French Hospital Officials Call Arafat #39;s Condition  quot;Stable quot;  French hospital officials say Yasser Arafat #39;s condition is  quot;stable quot; and has not changed since yesterday. The spokesman for French military health services says the Palestinian leader #39;s  quot;health has not worsened quot; -- though he would not elaborate.	2
0	Bush, Kerry still tied in Fla. (USATODAY.com)  USATODAY.com - Most Floridians are satisfied with the way President Bush responded to Hurricane Charley, according to a USA TODAY/CNN/Gallup Poll. But that has not changed the dynamic of the presidential race, which remains a virtual tie between Bush and Democrat John Kerry in the critical Southern state. (Related link:  Poll results)	0 1
0	Kerry Says Bush Ignores 'Average Folks'  CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) -- Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry on Friday traced North Carolina's job loss over the past four years to President Bush's fixation on tax cuts for the wealthy and indifference to the needs of everyday Americans.	0 1
0	At UN, Bush defends war  UNITED NATIONS -- President Bush stood before an annual gathering of world leaders yesterday and forcefully defended his decision to invade Iraq, urging all nations to join the United States in rooting out terrorism and establishing democracy in place of oppressive regimes.	0
0	Parliament Speaker Rues Sharon Policy  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, right, surrounded by an unprecedented number of bodyguards walks inside the Knesset, Israel #39;s parliament, in Jerusalem Wednesday Oct. 20, 2004.	4
0	White House: Guard Never Disciplined Bush  WASHINGTON - President Bush never was disciplined while serving in the Texas Air National Guard, never failed a physical and never asked his father or family friends for help to get him into the Guard during the Vietnam War, the White House said Wednesday.    Meanwhile, the White House on Wednesday night produced a previously unreleased document from Bush's personnel file on his military service, seven months after it said all materials on the subject had been given to the public...	0
0	Bush Criticizes Anti-Kerry Television Ad  WASHINGTON - President Bush on Monday criticized a commercial that accused John Kerry of inflating his own Vietnam War record, more than a week after the ad stopped running, and said broadcast attacks by outside groups have no place in the race for the White House.   "I think they're bad for the system," added Bush, who had ignored calls to condemn the ad while it was on the air...	0 1
0	Democrat Groups Raise More 'Soft Money' (AP)  AP - Whatever the reasons John Kerry and the Democrats lost the race for the White House, lack of money wasn't one. Tax-exempt pro-Democratic groups raising big checks for this year's election collected almost twice as much money as their Republican rivals in the presidential race, a study shows. The financial advantage comes in addition to record fund raising by Kerry, the unsuccessful candidate, and the Democratic Party.	1
1	Not-So-Swift Silencer  Oh, I don #39;t mean the factual debate about John Kerry #39;s war record. I #39;m referring to the argument over what sort of speech should be permitted during an election campaign.	1
1	Kerry says Bush  #39;chose #39; Iraq war  Democratic White House challenger John Kerry has sharply rebuked President George W. Bush for choosing to go to war in Iraq and sticking Americans with the  $200 billion bill.	0 1
0	Kerry Accuses Bush of Incompetence on Iraq  NEW YORK - Staking out new ground on Iraq, Sen. John Kerry said Monday he would not have overthrown Saddam Hussein had he been in the White House, and he accused President Bush of "stubborn incompetence," dishonesty and colossal failures of judgment...	0 1
0	Blair Backs Annan Over Oil-For-Food Criticism (Reuters)  Reuters - British Prime Minister Tony Blair backed United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan on Monday in the face of criticism over the U.N. oil-for-food scandal in Iraq.	3
1	Kerry solidly back in election race after first TV debate with <b>...</b>  WASHINGTON (CP) - He #39;s been accused for weeks of being a flip-flopper, a long-winded speaker, a man without a plan to deal with an increasingly chaotic Iraq.	1
1	Lawsuit uncovers Bush Guard records  Months after insisting it could find no more records of President Bush #39;s Air National Guard service, the Defense Department has released more than two dozen pages of files, including Bush #39;s report card for flight training and dates of 	0
0	CBS to Name Panel to Exam Bush Guard Story (AP)  AP - Within the next few days, CBS News expects to name an independent panel of experts to scrutinize its reporting of President Bush's National Guard service after its defenses for airing the explosive story crumbled.	0
0	House OKs Bill on 9/11 Recommendations (AP)  AP - House Republican leaders on Friday easily pushed through sweeping new law enforcement powers as part of a Sept. 11 anti-terrorism package, but the House now must negotiate a truce with the Senate on those measures to get President Bush's signature before the elections.	0
1	Set up an international task force for Gaza #39;s transition  In recent interviews, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon made it unequivocally clear that the  quot;road map quot; is done for. He is betting on the disengagement from Gaza as an isolated move that 	4
1	Bush, Kerry dash through toss-up states in final hours  DAYTON, Ohio - Sen. John Kerry and President Bush began a final, two-day blitz through the most competitive battlegrounds Sunday, shuttling in opposite directions across Ohio and Florida.	0 1
0	Edwards: Bush Didn't Do His Job in Iraq (AP)  AP - Sen. John Edwards, blaming President Bush for a missing cache of explosives in Iraq, said Thursday that "our men and women in uniform did their job, George Bush didn't do his job."	0
0	Lynne Cheney Upset With Kerry Over Remark (AP)  AP - Lynne Cheney accused Sen. John Kerry of pulling a "cheap and tawdry political trick" after he discussed her daughter's sexuality in his debate with President Bush. In response, Elizabeth Edwards suggested Mrs. Cheney might feel "a certain degree of shame" because her daughter is a lesbian.	0 1
1	Arafat #39;s Medical Records Rule Out Poisoning  PARIS - Yasser Arafat #39;s (search) medical records show no sign that he was poisoned but are inconclusive, his nephew said Monday.	2
0	Blair denies Iraq post-war chaos warning  British Prime Minister Tony Blair has denied reports that his foreign minister, Jack Straw, had warned him a year before the US-led invasion of Iraq that a war could push the country into chaos.	3
3	German Official Criticizes US Deficit  A German finance official urged the United States to tackle its twin deficits during President George W. Bush #39;s second term to counter concerns weighing on financial markets, a magazine reported Saturday.	0
3	Stem Cell Companies Fall Amid Biotech Rise  While most biotechnology stocks rose Wednesday, shares of major stem cell researchers fell sharply as George W. Bush #39;s victory in the presidential election was confirmed.	0
1	Over the 3 debates, Kerry has been consistent  After the third and final debate of this presidential campaign, the race in many ways can be reduced to this: a contest between the lovers and the haters.	1
0	Sharon Wins Vote to Rescue Gaza Pullout  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon speaks to reporters after casting his ballot at the Likud party meeting in Tel Aviv, Israel, Thursday Dec.9, 2004.	4
1	Renee is angry with Bush  <i>Bridget Jones</i> star Renee Zellweger has severely criticised US president George Bush for his plans to outlaw gay marriages.	0
1	McConnell meets with Israeli leaders during trip to Middle East  US Sen. Mitch McConnell met with top Israeli officials Sunday and took a helicopter tour over the West Bank during a visit to the Middle East that comes amid the political tumult of Yasser Arafat #39;s death.	2
1	Kerry seen with  quot;slight edge quot; in debate  A group of citizens in the swing state of New Hampshire, including Democrats, Republicans and one undecided voter, has given a slight edge to Democrat John Kerry in the first presidential debate.	1
0	Sharon sets date for Gaza pull-out debate  Ariel Sharon, the Israeli Prime Minister, has said he will put his Gaza settlement withdrawal plan before parliament at the end of the month.	4
0	Blair says Iraq report shows sanctions weren #39;t working  LONDON British Prime Minister Tony Blair says it #39;s just more proof that Saddam Hussein was trying to pull a fast one on the United Nations.	3
0	Israel #39;s Sharon Agrees to Changes to W. Bank Barrier  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon agreed to changes in the route of Israel #39;s West Bank barrier on Monday but insisted on keeping key Jewish settlement blocks inside, political sources said.	4
0	 #39;Land of refuge #39; admits Arafat to hospital  French President Jacques Chirac says France #39;s tradition as a  quot;land of refuge quot; motivated its decision to admit ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat for treatment in a French hospital.	2
0	Arafat to Get Funeral in Egypt, Burial in West Bank  Yasser Arafat will get a military funeral in Egypt on Friday before burial in the smashed West Bank compound where he spent his final years encircled by the Israeli army without realizing his dream of a Palestinian state.	2
1	McCain Says Kerry #39;s Anti-War Protests Open for Debate  Republican US Senator John McCain said Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry #39;s anti-war activities after he returned from Vietnam are an appropriate subject for political debate.	1
1	UK #39;s Blair to Undergo Heart Surgery, Seek Only One More Term  UK Prime Minister Tony Blair said he will be admitted to hospital today for an operation to correct a heart flutter. He committed to serve a full third term in office if he wins the next general election, and ruled out a fourth.	3
0	Campaign Strategist Is in Position to Consolidate Republican Majority  Karl Rove, the architect of President Bush's re-election, is now in a position to realize his goal of consolidating a Republican electoral majority for a generation to come.	0
0	Blair plans increased anti-terror powers if re-elected (Canadian Press)  Canadian Press - LONDON (AP) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair's government is considering toughening already contentious anti-terrorism powers if it wins another term in office, a senior government minister said Sunday.	3
1	House Overwhelmingly Approves Broad Overhaul of Intelligence  The House voted overwhelmingly on Tuesday to approve the sweeping intelligence-overhaul bill sought by President Bush and the independent Sept.	0
0	Tightening Race Increases Stakes of Final Debate  President Bush and John Kerry meet in their final debate after two encounters that polls suggest weakened Mr. Bush.	0 1
0	Israel Offers Cash to Jewish Settlers  Israel is offering cash advances of up to 115-thousand dollars to Jewish settlers willing to leave the Gaza Strip and West Bank. It #39;s the first concrete step toward carrying out Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s contentious pullout plan.	4
0	Last Chance for N.Ireland Peace Deal, Says Blair  Britain #39;s Tony Blair said on Friday talks next week designed to restore a deal that shares power in Northern Ireland between the divided Protestant and Catholic communities were a final chance to salvage the accord.	3
0	Kerry Slams 'Wrong War in the Wrong Place'  WASHINGTON - Democrat John Kerry accused President Bush on Monday of sending U.S. troops to the "wrong war in the wrong place at the wrong time" and said he'd try to bring them all home in four years...	0 1
3	Stock Market Spoilers Could Show Up Soon (Reuters)  Reuters - Everybody was ready to party on Wall Street after George W. Bush's election win.	0
0	Jailed Palestinian won #39;t run for leadership  RAMALLAH, WEST BANK - A Palestinian serving five life sentences in an Israeli jail will drop out of the race to replace former leader Yasser Arafat, he indicated in a statement on Sunday.	2
0	Palestinians Flood Arafat Compound Before Burial (Reuters)  Reuters - Thousands of mourners converged on Yasser Arafat's compound in chaotic scenes on Friday before their revered leader was to be buried in the place where Israeli forces trapped him until his final days.	2
1	Ind. Woman Puts Anti-Bush Tattoo on Skull  BEDFORD, Ind. - Kerra Fowler is a mother of four who decided to wear her opposition to President Bush on the back of her head...	0
1	Sharon vows to expand offensive  Jerusalem, Oct. 4. (PTI): At least nine Palestinians were killed Sunday by Israeli forces as Prime Minister Ariel Sharon rejected a ceasefire offer from Hamas and vowed to  quot;expand quot; the military offensive in 	4
1	Bush Says US Safety from Terror  #39;Up in the Air #39;  President Bush said it is  quot;up in the air quot; whether the United States can ever be fully safe from terrorism, prompting an attack from Democrat John Kerry #39;s campaign that Bush was sending a mixed message.	0 1
0	Militant chief wounded in Israeli strike  GAZA: A militant leader survived an Israeli missile strike on his car in Gaza overnight in Israel #39;s first assassination attempt in the Palestinian territories since Yasser Arafat died in a Paris hospital.	2
0	Bush Blasts Kerry, Signs Tax Bill in Iowa  CLIVE, Iowa - President Bush said Monday that rival John Kerry's foreign policy stands "are dangerous for world peace," leveling some of his harshest criticism of the campaign during a trip to an important battleground state. Bush also signed tax relief legislation for 94 million Americans and hit Kerry on that issue, too...	0 1
1	A tough audience  In their second face-to-face confrontation, President Bush and Sen. John Kerry answered polite but often pointed questions during a town hall-style debate last night in St.	0 1
0	Bush Signs  #36;136B Corporate Tax Cut Bill (AP)  AP - With no fanfare, President Bush on Friday signed the most sweeping rewrite of corporate tax law in nearly two decades, showering  #36;136 billion in new tax breaks on businesses, farmers and other groups.	0
0	UK Conservatives Turn to Iraq in Bid to Hurt Blair (Reuters)  Reuters - Britain's Conservative leader sought to capitalize on voters' anger with Tony Blair over the Iraq war as he started an uphill battle to push the prime minister from office in the next election.	3
1	Bush makes surprise pick for Energy  In a surprise move, President Bush yesterday tapped a deputy Treasury secretary and former chemical-engineering professor with limited energy-policy expertise to be his new energy secretary.	0
0	British PM rejects claim he misrepresented intelligence  LONDON (AFP) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair on Wednesday rejected charges from the Conservative opposition that he  quot;misrepresented quot; intelligence used to make the case for invading Iraq.	3
0	Kerry: Terrorists Gain From Bush Blunders (AP)  AP - John Kerry said Wednesday that terrorists have gained new havens and "extremism has gained momentum" in Iraq because President Bush has mishandled virtually every step of the war.	0 1
1	Bush vows to battle ad groups  WASHINGTON President George W. Bush, facing pressure to act against groups attacking Senator John Kerry #39;s war record, will pursue legal action against all  quot;shadowy quot; outside groups that use unregulated funds to run political advertising, the White House 	0 1
0	Bush, Kerry Keep Health Care Debate Going  TEMPE, Ariz. - The topic most discussed during the final presidential debate - health care and how to pay for it - is getting another round from the Bush and Kerry campaigns on Thursday as they try to convince older Americans they know best how to treat a system that's under the weather...	1
0	Kerry Chides Bush on Assault Weapons Ban  WASHINGTON - Sen. John Kerry sought to make President Bush pay a political price Monday for the expiration of a partial assault weapons ban, but other Democrats reacted warily on an issue that has hurt the party in recent elections...	0 1
1	 #39;Kerry Would Put US in Danger #39; - Bush  President George Bush stepped up his attack on election rival John Kerry today, suggesting that the Democratic Senator could not keep the US safe from terrorists.	0 1
0	Wave of National Leaders Express Condolences  On November 11, when the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat was announced, countries around the world issued statements and expressed their condolences.	2
0	Bush Ready to Accept GOP Nomination  NEW YORK - President Bush was reaching out to Americans to keep him on the job, recalling the Sept. 11, 2001, terror attacks "when one era ended and another began," and offering himself as a resolute wartime commander in chief with ambitious plans for a second term...	0
0	Kerry Attacks Bush After Brief Sept. 11 Pause (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush held his fire on Saturday to commemorate the Sept. 11 attacks but Democrat John Kerry paused only briefly before assailing his rival on everything from the economy to Iraq.	0 1
0	US Must Be Honest Broker  The history of the Middle East is at a turning point, as Yasser Arafat #39;s health deteriorates and Israel takes steps to withdraw from the Gaza Strip.	2
0	Palestinians plan security in case of Arafat #39;s death  Palestinian security patrols began Sunday in Gaza after a meeting between officials aiming to keep peace and national unity while Yasser Arafat is in a hospital.	2
1	Arafat #39;s Health Leaves Palestinians Pondering Future  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat continues to undergo medical tests in Paris as doctors try to diagnose the mysterious illness that recently befell him.	2
0	Democrats Claim Bush's Bounce Will Fade (AP)  AP - Democrats on Sunday said President Bush's post-convention bounce was triggered by "four days of mean, vicious attacks" on John Kerry, and would be short-lived.	0 1
1	Arafat to Be Buried in Ramallah  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, who remained in a deep coma and close to death at a hospital outside of Paris Wednesday, will be buried at his battered headquarters 	2
0	Six to Be Tried in Pa. Bush Thong Protest (AP)  AP - The American Civil Liberties Union is defending six men who were arrested during one of President Bush's visits to Pennsylvania because they stripped down to thong underwear and formed a human pyramid to protest the Abu Ghraib prison scandal in Iraq.	0
0	Bush, Defense Advisers Map Out Policy  CRAWFORD, Texas - President Bush is mapping out defense strategy with his top defense advisers as U.S. deaths in Iraq inch toward 1,000 and the election campaign focuses intently on he and Democrat John Kerry's credentials for keeping the nation safe...	0 1
0	Stump Speech Retooled, Bush Goes on Attack  President Bush delivered a scathing critique of Senator John Kerry's stands on national security and the economy.	0 1
1	President #39;s support is vital to success of intelligence bill  President Bush #39;s support of the massive intelligence reform bill is key to ensuring that the legislation passes. Last week in a visit to Canada, the president said he was in favor of the bill, which will create 	0
0	Bush cites opening for peace, leadership  WASHINGTON -- President Bush offered a powerful incentive to Palestinians yesterday to rally behind a moderate leadership, signaling the promise of US reengagement and a new opening for peace following Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat's death.	0 2
0	Arafat may be near death; Palestinians, Israelis make preparations  With Yasser Arafat gravely ill in a French hospital, some of his powers were formally transferred to other Palestinian officials yesterday, as Israel readied plans to stem potential unrest in the event he dies.	2
1	Retired colonel quits Bush #39;s campaign  Washington -- The debate over US Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry #39;s record in the Vietnam War continued yesterday after the resignation of a veteran working to help re-elect George W. Bush.	0 1
0	Bush Signs Youth Suicide Prevention Law (AP)  AP - President Bush on Thursday signed into law a bill authorizing  #36;82 million in grants aimed at preventing suicide among young people.	0
0	Sharon acknowledges ignoring road map  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon acknowledged that Israel was not following the moribund Mideast peace plan, and said an Israeli pullout from the Gaza Strip was unlikely to revive it, according 	4
1	New poll finds Bush, Kerry in a draw  Favorable US public reaction to Senator John Kerry #39;s performance in the first presidential debate of the current campaign has boosted the Democratic nominee and narrowed his 	0 1
1	Bush official: US has been advised about possible North Korea <b>...</b>  The United States has received indications North Korea might be trying to test a nuclear weapon, a senior Bush administration said Sunday.	0
0	Bush, Kerry Bow to McCain's Wishes on Ads  NEW YORK - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry bowed to the wishes of popular maverick John McCain on Thursday, as the president embraced the Republican senator's legal fight against big-money special interest groups airing negative ads and the Democratic nominee scrapped a commercial that featured McCain...	0 1
1	Bush Salutes Camp Pendleton Marines, Families  The nation #39;s commander in chief traveled to Camp Pendleton, Calif., today the 1st Marine Expeditionary Force  quot;for serving our country in a time when we need you.	0
0	Blair fine after heart operation :  World News  gt; London, Oct 01 : British Prime Minister Tony Blair today underwent a non-surgical operation to correct a heart flutter and is  quot;doing ok quot;.	3
0	Bush hopes for diplomatic solution to nuclear tensions with Iran (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush expressed hope in an interview broadcast that Iran can be persuaded through diplomatic means to abandon its nuclear ambitions.	0
3	Bush wants to tap oil reserve  The Bush administration announced Thursday it would provide US refineries with  quot;limited quantities quot; of crude oil from the nation #39;s emergency stockpile to help offset supply 	0
0	Arafat not poisoned: envoy  The permanent Palestinian envoy in France, Leila Shahid, confirmed on Monday that Arafat does not have leukaemia or any other life-threatening illness.	2
1	Bush Gives CIA Director More Power  President Bush signed executive orders and directives yesterday bolstering the authority of the CIA director over the nation #39;s intelligence programs and budgets, signaling a renewed effort by 	0
1	Blair tries to heal rift over Iraq  LONDONBritish Prime Minister Tony Blair has flatly acknowledged that his main argument for taking a reluctant country to war - Iraq #39;s alleged weapons of mass destruction -as turned out to be wrong.	3
1	US Sees Chance of Peace Hinging on Arafat Successor  US officials hope Yasser Arafat #39;s death on Thursday will offer a new chance for Middle East peace but said it depends on who replaces him, how much power they wield 	2
1	Bush Emerges From Debates With a Slim Lead Over Kerry, Poll Shows  President Bush has emerged from the presidential debates holding a slender lead over Democratic nominee John F. Kerry, and despite the challenger #39;s strong performances, the nationally 	0 1
1	Ashcroft, Evans have served the country well  Outgoing US Attorney General John Ashcroft has served the country well for the past four years and will be missed. President Bush has nominated a well-qualified successor, White House Counsel Alberto Gonzalez.	0
3	Asian Stocks: Japan #39;s Toyota Gains on Bush #39;s Win; Airlines Drop  Japanese stocks rose after US President George W. Bush won a second term, boosting optimism that the world #39;s largest economy will sustain its growth.	0
0	Spokesman says Arafat not in a coma, still in ICU  Yasser Arafat was not in a coma but remained in intensive care Saturday after undergoing more medical tests, a senior aide to the ailing Palestinian leader said.	2
0	Bush Raises Questions About CBS Documents (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush questioned the authenticity of documents aired by CBS News that said he received special treatment during his Vietnam-era service in the National Guard, according to a Bush interview published on Saturday.	0
0	Kerry Says He's Not Ruling Out Another Run (AP)  AP - Sen. John Kerry, who has  #36;45 million left from his record-breaking Democratic campaign, hinted on Tuesday that he may try again for the presidency.	1
3	Bush Set to Open Oil Reserve Spigot   WASHINGTON (Reuters) - With oil near  $50 a barrel, the Bush  administration is set to allow oil refineries to borrow from  the government's emergency petroleum stockpile to make up for  supplies disrupted by Hurricane Ivan, a congressional source  briefed on the pending decision told Reuters on Thursday.	0
1	Blair admits feeling heat over hostage in Iraq  Kidnappers holding a British hostage in Iraq have put Britain in a very difficult position through their effective use of the media, Prime Minister Tony Blair conceded in an interview with a Sunday newspaper.	3
0	Bush, McCain Discuss Ads by Outside Groups  LAS CRUCES, N.M. - President Bush wants to work with Republican Sen...	0
1	UK Government Gambling Bill Passes First Parliamentary Hurdle  The UK Gambling Bill, which will allow Las Vegas-style super-casinos in Britain, passed its first regulatory hurdle in the face of opposition from some members of Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s Labour party.	3
0	Bush, Defense Advisers Map Out Policy  CRAWFORD, Texas - President Bush is mapping out defense strategy with his top defense advisers as U.S. deaths in Iraq inch toward 1,000 and the election campaign focuses intently on he and Democrat John Kerry's credentials for keeping the nation safe...	0 1
0	Hoon wavers on Black Watch Christmas return  Geoff Hoon, the Defence Secretary, appeared to back off last night from Tony Blair #39;s promise to Parliament that a Black Watch battle group being redeployed to help US Marines near Baghdad will be home by Christmas.	3
1	Kerry Vows to Ease Seniors Health Costs  MILWAUKEE Sept. 14, 2004 - John Kerry, arguing that the escalating price of doctors, hospitals and medicine far outpace annual increases in Social Security benefits, promises to ease the financial pinch on seniors by bringing health costs down.	1
0	Egypt Agrees to Host Arafat Funeral (Reuters)  Reuters - Egypt has agreed to host a funeral in Cairo for Palestinian President Yasser Arafat, who is in a Paris hospital where he suffered a brain hemorrhage, Egyptian and Palestinian officials said.	2
1	Bigley: Will kidnappers get in touch?  The family of hostage Kenneth Bigley are playing a waiting game after Tony Blair said he would  quot;immediately respond quot; if Bigley #39;s kidnappers made contact.	3
0	Goldsmith faces calls to resign over Iraq  The attorney General, Lord Goldsmith, faced calls to resign last night as Tony Blair #39;s legal justification for going to war against Iraq began to unravel.	3
0	Britons Prefer Kerry to Bush for World Safety  A large majority of Britons think a US election victory for John Kerry is the best outcome for global security, according to a new poll in a Sunday newspaper.	0 1
0	Bush Piloted Guard Trainers Before He Quit  WASHINGTON - George W. Bush began flying a two-seat training jet more frequently and twice required multiple attempts to land a one-seat fighter in the weeks just before he quit flying for the Texas Air National Guard in 1972, his pilot logs show...	0
0	Weakened Arafat Heads for France, Cancer Suspected  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, weakened by what doctors think may be leukemia, flew for treatment in France on Friday from the besieged West 	2
1	Edwards: Bush could stop swift boat ads  Democratic vice presidential nominee John Edwards called on Saturday for President Bush to condemn the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth ad campaign.	0
0	Arafat Fends Off Challenge Over Reforms (AP)  AP - RAMALLAH, West Bank  #151; Yasser Arafat fended off another challenge to his authority Wednesday when Palestinian lawmakers backed away from sweeping reform demands, instead approving a watered down set of recommendations.	2
1	Kerry rolls out tax-cut plan for middle class  After two weeks of focusing on Iraq, Democratic presidential challenger John Kerry turned his emphasis to the economy Saturday, delivering what he called a plan for  quot;middle-class families.	1
1	Senator #39;s plan to dismantle CIA gets cool response  From President Bush to Democrats in Congress, reaction was tepid Monday to a GOP proposal to break up the CIA and remove other intelligence agencies from the Pentagon.	0
0	President Bush #39;s Lead Balloon  e did not expect President Bush to come before the United Nations in the middle of his re-election campaign and acknowledge the serious mistakes his administration has made on Iraq.	0
0	Clinton Seeks to Boost Turnout for Kerry (AP)  AP - Bill Clinton has always had a flair for political drama. Now it looks like his just-in-time recovery from heart surgery  #151; allowing him to campaign for John Kerry in the election's closing days  #151; may provide a jolt of excitement that any candidate would covet.	1
0	Florida's Campaign to Diversify Senate (AP)  AP - The Senate will get either its first Cuban American member, or another woman, when Floridians vote next Tuesday. Former housing Secretary Mel Martinez and Democrat Betty Castor are locked in as tight a race as President Bush and John Kerry.	0 1
0	Wavering Voters Anti-Iraq, Wary of Kerry  WASHINGTON - In an election where most voters have already chosen sides, the presidency could be decided by a small slice of America in the mushy middle - wavering voters who are more likely than others to question President Bush's honesty and think the war in Iraq was a mistake.    An Associated Press study of 1,329 "persuadable" voters, conducted by Knowledge Networks in advance of the presidential debates, suggests these people are deeply conflicted about change in the White House...	0
0	Security Tightened in Paris for Arafat (AP)  AP - France stepped up security Friday morning at a military hospital outside Paris where Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat will be taken for treatment.	2
1	Bush Talks About Heart; Kerry Focuses on the Brain  President Bush #39;s expression was sad and maybe a bit annoyed, and one hand was pressed firmly over his stomach. What concerned him about Senator John Kerry was 	0 1
0	Blair faces rebellion over troop redeployment in Iraq  British Prime Minister Tony Blair faced a revolt on Wednesday from lawmakers who demanded a parliamentary vote on a US request to redeploy British troops in Iraq.	3
1	Israel: Palestinian State Shelved with US Blessing  Israel #39;s plan to withdraw from occupied Gaza will prevent a Palestinian state emerging and freeze peacemaking, and all with Washington #39;s approval, a key adviser to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Wednesday.	4
0	Meta Arafat! Palestinians deserve his dream  The next step is for all Palestinians to participate in elections, including those in occupied territories and in exile. By Omar Merhi.	2
1	Amid grief, hope reborn  WASHINGTON -- US President George W. Bush wants to strengthen ties with Europe and believes if they work together, there #39;s a  quot;great chance quot; of creating a Palestinian state and peace in the Middle East within four years.	0
1	Polls say Bush just ahead  New polling says US President George W Bush is barely ahead in the overall race for the White House while Democrat challenger John Kerry is gaining support in some key states with just over two weeks before the November 2 ballot.	0 1
0	Palestinians Reject Softer Sharon Position on Talks  Interim Palestinian leaders have rejected a new and softer position by Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon to hold talks on peace in the region.	4
0	Two Private Planes Violate Bush Air Space (AP)  AP - Two small private aircraft violated restricted air space Saturday over two of President Bush's campaign rallies in central Florida, authorities said.	0
0	Specter Wins Support for Chairmanship (AP)  AP - Arlen Specter on Thursday won the backing of Senate Judiciary Committee Republicans to be their new chairman, surviving complaints from abortion opponents after submitting an extraordinary statement underscoring his support for Bush judicial nominees.	0
0	Most Arab Governments are Putting Their Stock in George Bush for a <b>...</b>  Most Arab governments have decided to put their stock in George W. Bush for another term, concluding prematurely that the American presidential elections have been decided in favor of the Republican candidate.	0
0	Iraq Explosives Become Issue in Campaign  The White House sought to explain the missing explosives in Iraq; John Kerry said the president had put U.S. troops at risk.	1
0	CBS News Names Panel to Review Tainted Bush Report (Reuters)  Reuters - CBS News named former U.S. Attorney General Dick Thornburgh and retired Associated Press chief Louis Boccardi on Wednesday to review its discredited report on President Bush's military record.	0
1	Protesters disrupt rallying call  Prime Minister Tony Blair faced angry protests as he urged his party to set aside its differences over Iraq and seize the chance of an historic third term in power.	3
1	Bush Nominates Domestic Aide Spellings for Education Secretary  President George W. Bush selected domestic policy adviser Margaret Spellings, an education aide when he was governor of Texas, to replace Roderick Paige as the secretary of education.	0
0	Palestinians to set date for elections for Arafat successor  RAMALLAH, West Bank Palestinian officials are pushing ahead with plans for life without Yasser Arafat. The officials met today to set a date for elections to replace their longtime leader after his death last week.	2
1	Bush to thank Canadians for post-9/11 aid  President Bush was traveling to Nova Scotia on Wednesday to give the Canadians a belated  quot;thank you quot; for helping Americans in their hour of need - gesture aimed 	0
0	Never a hostile question for campaigning Bush (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush famously dislikes press conferences but has embraced "Ask President Bush" sessions packed with supporters at least as eager to pay tribute to him as get an answer.	0
0	Colombia 'foiled attempt on Bush'  Guerrillas tried to kill US President George W Bush during a recent visit to Colombia, officials there say.	0
1	Polls: Bush losing ground to Kerry  Latest opinion polls have brought bad news for US President George Bush, placing him again in an electoral dead heat with Democratic challenger John Kerry.	1
1	Kerry promises to ease Senior #39;s health care costs  Health care costs have risen much faster than the increases in social Security benefits, says John Kerry. He says the elderly of America will have a much better deal if he becomes President.	1
1	Karzai set to be Afghan president in ring of steel  They are two of the most hawkish members of President George W. Bush #39;s cabinet and key architects of. the Washington-backed war that overthrew the Taliban in the wake of the September 11, 2001 attacks.	0
3	Bush Says Social Security Is a Top Priority  President Bush said Thursday that "now is the time to confront Social Security" to deal with a projected  $3.7 trillion, 75-year shortfall and give younger workers the ability to invest some of their contributions into personal accounts.	0
1	Kerry says Bush sought to hide loss of Iraq arms  Democratic challenger John F. Kerry accused President Bush yesterday of covering up the disappearance of Iraqi explosives 	0 1
0	Barghouthi to Run for Palestinian President (Reuters)  Reuters - Jailed popular leader Marwan Barghouthi decided on Wednesday to run in a Palestinian presidential election and Hamas militants vowed to boycott it, throwing the campaign into turmoil after Yasser Arafat's death.	2
1	Arafat remains critically ill  A diplomatic row is brewing over where the Palestinian leader will be laid to rest, should he lose his battle for life. Mr Arafat has expressed his wish to be laid to rest in Jerusalem, in the shadow of the 	2
0	Kerry Dispute Revives Memory of Delta War (AP)  AP - The controversy over the Vietnam war record of Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry has trained a fresh light on one of that conflict's lesser-known episodes  #151; the operations of America's "Brown Water Navy" in rivers, canals and mangrove swamps of the Mekong Delta.	1
0	Bush Challenges Kerry on Jobs, Economy (AP)  AP - President Bush dropped in on one of the fall campaign's most contested states for the second Sunday in a row, telling cheering partisans that his economic policies are building prosperity while Democrat John Kerry "wants to tax your jobs."	0
1	Gaps in Service Continue to Dog Bush  President Bush #39;s military records, including personal flight logs just released by the Pentagon, paint a picture of a solid, if hardly outstanding, pilot who energetically performed his duties 	0
0	Israeli minister says good riddance to Arafat  Israeli Justice Minister Tommy Lapid on Tuesday welcomed the death of veteran Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, telling military radio that it was  quot;good that the world is rid of him quot;.	2
0	ABBAS PEACE BID  JERUSALEM - In a stunning declaration, the Palestinian leader virtually certain to succeed Yasser Arafat said yesterday that the 4-year-old armed uprising against Israel was a mistake and must end.	2
0	Palestinian Leaders Going Ahead with Arafat Visit   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian leaders were  going ahead with a visit to France to see critically ill  Palestinian President Yasser Arafat, a senior Palestinian  official told Reuters on Monday.	2
1	Britain Rules Out Talks as Bigley Pleads for Life  BAGHDAD, 24 September 2004 - The British government yesterday ruled out negotiations with the kidnappers of Kenneth Bigley in Iraq despite a personal appeal from the captive to Prime Minister Tony Blair to help save his life.	3
1	ELECTION 2004  Kerry puts pressure on Bush -- for now  With a successful kickoff debate, Sen. John Kerry managed to change the dynamic of the presidential campaign and at least temporarily put President George W. Bush on the defensive.	0 1
1	Salvos on Iraq, economy dominate campaign fight  GREEN BAY, Wis. - President Bush and Democratic rival John Kerry entered the final week of their campaigns Tuesday much as they began them: with profoundly different claims about the war in Iraq, the state 	0 1
0	 quot;February election quot; report played down  Tony Blair #39;s office and party have played down newspaper reports that the prime minister may call an early election in February.	3
0	Greenspan: Economy Regaining Some Traction  WASHINGTON - Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said Wednesday the economy has "regained some traction" after a late spring slowdown that was triggered by a sharp spike in oil prices.    Greenspan's moderately upbeat forecast came as the nation entered the final two months of an election battle in which President Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry have widely different views on how the economy is performing at present...	0 1
0	Kerry Will Begin Ad Blitz in Seven States  NEW YORK - John Kerry will begin his post-Labor Day advertising blitz in seven states from New Hampshire to New Mexico, his political Ground Zero for a  $50 million campaign scheduled to expand into another 13 states by Nov. 2...	1
0	Arafat to Be Buried in Ramallah  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, who remained in a deep coma and close to death at a hospital outside of Paris Wednesday, will be buried at his battered headquarters 	2
0	Marwan Barghouti - a Palestinian profile  Since Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s health deteriorated dramatically last week, Marwan Barghouti, 45, has been among the names being floated to take over the Palestinian leadership in the event of Arafat #39;s demise.	2
1	Media disgrace  As if to prove that the Dan Rather forged document scandal was not just an isolated incident, CBS News was ready to run another bogus story against President Bush on  quot;60 Minutes quot; -- right before the election -- until an old NBC report surfaced, showing 	0
0	Killing of 10 Palestinians  quot;a great unforgivable crime quot;: Arafat  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat described the killing of 10 Palestinians by Israeli soldiers in the northern West Bank towns of Nablus and Jenin on Wednesday as  quot;a great unforgivable crime.	2
1	White House race rages in two states  John Kerry and George Bush swapped tropical Florida for parched New Mexico early on Sunday as they wooed long converted and still uncertain voters in the waning days of the White House race.	1
0	Bush Blisters Kerry on Iraq, Spending  WASHINGTON - President Bush blistered Sen. John Kerry on Wednesday as an apostle of "retreat in Iraq" and tax-and-spend liberalism at home...	0 1
0	Bush Backs Authority for Intel Director  WASHINGTON - President Bush told members of Congress on Wednesday he supports giving a new national intelligence director strong budgetary authority over much of the nation's intelligence community, a key provision in the Sept. 11 commission's recommendations...	0
0	Two Issues Stalling Intel Overhaul Bill (AP)  AP - Two issues have House Republicans tied in a knot on the intelligence bill President Bush says he wants: military control of spy satellites and provisions that, some lawmakers say, let terrorists shield themselves with claims of political asylum.	0
1	Reports Fuel Doubts on CBS Bush Story (AP)  AP - Two experts hired by CBS News to examine records of President Bush's Vietnam-era service in the Texas Air National Guard told ABC on Tuesday that they could not vouch for the documents' veracity. Meanwhile, a former secretary in the guard said she believed the documents CBS used were fake, although they accurately reflected the thoughts of one of Bush's commanders.	0
1	Palestinian Leaders Travel to France to Visit Arafat (Update5)  Palestinian Authority Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia and other leaders traveled to France to see Yasser Arafat at a military hospital near Paris in a visit condemned by Arafat #39;s wife, Palestinian officials said.	2
0	Israel Winds Down Gaza Military Operation  Several thousand Israeli settlers and supporters demonstrate, during a rally against Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s planned pullout and evacuation of Gaza Strip Jewish settlements, near Sharon #39;s residence, in Jerusalem, Thursday, Oct. 14, 2004.	4
0	Blair Rules Out Iraq Civilian Death Toll Probe  British Prime Minister Tony Blair rejected a call Wednesday for an independent inquiry into the civilian death toll in the US-led war in Iraq.	3
0	Malaysia #39;s former leader emerges to criticize Bush and Australia  KUALA LUMPUR In a characteristically abrasive performance, Mahathir bin Mohamad, the former Malaysian prime minister, returned to public life Monday by criticizing President George W. Bush and assailing Australia #39;s designs in Asia.	0
1	Bush, Kerry Tied in 3 National Polls; Bush Leads in Fourth  President George W. Bush and four- term Massachusetts Senator John Kerry are in a statistical tie for voter support in three national polls after their final debate.	0 1
1	I Am So Sorry, Yasser  In death, as in life, Yasser Arafat lit the flames of the Palestinian struggle for freedom and dignity. If he did nothing else - he made certain that the Palestinian struggle for liberty and 	2
0	Team of Egyptian Doctors Examines Arafat (AP)  AP - A team of Egyptian doctors examined Yasser Arafat after he suffered from fever, nausea and a stuffy nose, an aide to Palestinian leader said Tuesday.	2
0	Bush, Kerry Court Voters in New Mexico (AP)  AP - President Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry are both campaigning in New Mexico on Monday in tandem swings through the Southwest on their way to Wednesday night's final debate in Arizona. Bush criticized Kerry on the war on terror, while Kerry criticized the president's energy policies.	0 1
0	Kerry Hires Ala. Woman Fired for Sticker (AP)  AP - Democrat John Kerry has a new campaign worker helping him drum up support in Alabama after hiring a woman who was fired for displaying the presidential candidate's bumper sticker on her car.	1
0	Bush asks Sinn Fein chief to back N. Ireland peace plan  LONDON -- President Bush called Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams yesterday to help clinch a peace deal in Northern Ireland, as the party said it would hold unprecedented talks with the province's police chief.	0
0	Gunmen shoot Palestinian intelligence chief  reforms. But sponsors feared nothing would come of it because President Yasser Arafat had withheld. Gunmen fired from two moving cars as Abu Rajab drove to his office in Gaza City, witnesses said.	2
0	3 Polls Show Kerry Won Debate Over Bush  CORAL GABLES, Fla. - President Bush and Sen...	0
0	Bush Pressuring G.O.P. to Approve Intelligence Bill  President Bush sought to stem a near- rebellion by members of his own party today by forcefully endorsing the bill.	0
3	Bush, Retailers Drop in Oil Prices Give Markets Boost  Wall Street continued its post-election rally yesterday as oil prices dropped by more than  $2 a barrel and President Bush outlined plans for a second term.	0
0	Bush Raises Questions About CBS Documents (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush questioned the authenticity of documents aired by CBS News that said he received special treatment during his Vietnam-era service in the National Guard, according to a Bush interview published on Saturday.	0
1	South Park creators get poison Penn letter  President Bush isnt the only one upset with South Park creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone over their new puppet film, Team America: World Police.	0
0	Bush hails Kerry, slams smear ads  US President George W Bush praises John Kerry's military record and calls for a halt to unofficial negative advertising.	0 1
0	Protesters Harry Israel Parliament Before Gaza Vote   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Thousands of rightist Israelis  accused Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of treason Tuesday as  parliament looked set to approve the first pullout of settlers  from occupied land Palestinians want as part of a future state.	4
0	Bush Vigorously Defends War in Iraq  UNITED NATIONS - President Bush delivered an unapologetic defense of his decision to invade Iraq, telling the United Nations Tuesday that it "helped to deliver the Iraqi people from an outlaw dictator." Later, Bush condemned the beheading of a U.S. hostage by an Islamic militant...	0
1	Where #39;s the Resonance, Kerry?  Why hasn #39;t Senator John Kerry #39;s newly formulated Iraq policy gained traction among voters? Even in the wake of a relatively strong performance in the first debate, and more than a week after 	1
0	Bush and Kerry Try to Win Over Iowa and Its 7 Electoral Votes  John Kerry said the war in Iraq showed that President Bush is not a good leader; Bush doubted Kerry's views on national security.	0 1
0	Thinner Bill Clinton feels "good" as he goes to aid Kerry (AFP)  AFP - Former US president Bill Clinton, appearing thinner seven weeks after open heart surgery, said he feels  quot;good quot; and wants to campaign this week to help John Kerry win the White House.	1
0	Experts Weigh Bush, Kerry Economic Plans (AP)  AP - Despite the stark differences in economic plans from President Bush and John Kerry, growth and job creation should turn out pretty much the same no matter who takes the White House.	0 1
0	Bush, Kerry Spar Over New Jobs Figures  NEW YORK - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry clashed over figures showing modest monthly jobs growth Friday as they plunged into a nine-week post-convention sprint toward Election Day...	0 1
1	Bush Taps Mehlman to Lead Republican Party  President Bush on Monday tapped the manager of his reelection campaign, Ken Mehlman, to head the Republican Party. Mehlman, a protege of chief White House strategist Karl Rove, is Bush #39;s pick 	0
1	Kerry saddened at death of  #39;Superman #39; Christopher Reeve  SANTA FE, New Mexico, Oct 11 (AFP) - Democratic presidential candidate Senator John Kerry on Monday hailed actor Christopher Reeve  quot;America #39;s hero, quot; and vowed to keep up the campaign for stem cell research championed by the man known best as  quot;Superman.	1
0	Arafat #39;s nephew arrives in Paris for Arafat #39;s medical records  Nasser al-Qidwa, nephew of the deceased Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, arrived Sunday in Parisfrom Cairo to pick up Arafat #39;s medical records, French TF1 television reported.	2
0	Bush, Kerry campaigns move quickly to spin jobs report (AFP)  AFP - The latest data on the US jobs market sparked a fierce spin effort from the campaigns of President George W. Bush and challenger John Kerry to highlight their views on the state of the economy.	0 1
0	Europe Seeks Unity on New Bush Term  As European leaders came together on Friday for the first time since the American elections, Britain #39;s prime minister, Tony Blair, urged them to adjust to the  quot;reality 	3
0	Bush Speechwriter Rushed to Hospital (AP)  AP - President Bush's chief speechwriter was taken to the hospital Friday with symptoms of blocked blood flow to the heart but was treated and is recovering, the White House said.	0
1	Israel offers burial place for Arafat  RAMALLAH, West Bank Yasser Arafat can be buried at his battered headquarters here as the Palestinians requested, the Israeli government decided Wednesday in a gesture to his likely successor, Mahmoud Abbas.	2
1	Republicans Call for Annan #39;s Resignation; UN Members Stand By Him  Posted December 2, 2004 - President Bush said he is looking forward to a full accounting and disclosure of the facts about the allegations of corruption surrounding the United Nations oil-for-food program.	0
1	Troops Concerns Being Addressed, Bush Says  President Bush said on Thursday that US troop concerns about inadequate equipment for Iraq combat are being addressed and he did not blame soldiers for raising the issue with Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld.	0
0	Bush Defends Foreign Policy in Canada  The president, meeting Tuesday with Prime Minister Paul Martin, told his international critics that the U.S. election was an endorsement of his administration's foreign policy.	0
0	Bush Promises Europe Trip to Heal Divide (AP)  AP - President Bush said Friday he'll carry a message of shared values and goals to Europe during a trip planned after his inauguration, reaching out to those dismayed by the Iraq war and what they see as a go-it-alone foreign policy.	0
0	Kerry narrows Bush lead: poll (AFP)  AFP - Democrat John Kerry has narrowed President George W. Bush's lead in their White House race less than six weeks before the November 2 election, a new poll showed.	0 1
1	Tens of thousands protest Israeli withdrawal plan  Tens of thousands of people gathered in downtown Jerusalem on Sunday to protest Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to withdraw from Gaza and parts of the West Bank by the middle of next year.	4
0	Arafat Reportedly to Be Taken to Paris for Treatment  Fifteen doctors examined Yasir Arafat and decided that he would be able to get the best treatment in Paris.	2
0	Bush and Kerry woo Florida   George W Bush and John Kerry fight to win over voters in Florida, the US state which narrowly decided the 2000 polls.	0 1
0	Blair Was Warned of Post-War Iraq Chaos -- Paper   LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's foreign secretary and senior  officials warned Prime Minister Tony Blair a year before  invading Iraq that chaos could follow the toppling of Saddam  Hussein, a newspaper said Saturday.	3
0	Palestinians #39; time for change  Yasser Arafat died at 3:30am on Thursday, Nov. 11 of unknown causes in a Paris hospital. He was buried in the West Bank town of Ramallah after an official state ceremony in Cairo, Egypt.	2
0	A recipe for losing another peace chance  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is not the only one who wants his unilateral disengagement plan to succeed. Many on the Palestinian side would like to see it work, certainly 	4
1	Bush Pledges to Make Changes to Tax Code  President Bush speaks to reporters at his first news conference following his re-election at the Eisenhower Executive Office Building Thursday, Nov. 4, 2004 in Washington.	0
0	Procession of Speakers Invoke Bush's Leadership After 9/11  The Republican Party opened its convention by evoking the Sept. 11 attacks, as former Mayor Rudolph Giuliani of New York asserted that John Kerry could not lead a war on terror.	1
1	P. Diddy Takes Vote Drive to Swing States (AP)  AP - Hip-hop mogul Sean "P. Diddy" Combs is following the lead of President Bush and Sen. John Kerry by taking his get-out-the-vote campaign to the swing states.	0 1
1	The Opportunity in Arafat #39;s Passing  Palestinians have a choice -- they can hold onto the past or look to the future. And to make progress, the US and Israel will have to help.	2
1	Bush Makes Pitch to  #39;Security Moms #39;  In his stump speech, President Bush plays up the benefits for women of deposing Afghanistan #39;s Taliban by describing mothers who were  quot;whipped or killed, in some cases in 	0
0	Bush and Blair vague on how to revive Middle East peace process (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush and British Prime Minister Tony Blair are optimistic about reviving the Middle East peace process following the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, but vague on how to do it.	0 2 3
0	Clinton Says Stumping for Kerry Not a Risk (AP)  AP - Former President Clinton dismissed concerns that his decision to campaign for Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry seven weeks after undergoing heart surgery is risky, saying, "I want to do this." In an interview Sunday with ABC News, Clinton said he talked to his doctors about it and "they made some very helpful suggestions."	1
1	Danger zone #39; casualty fear for British troops  IN a move fraught with risks for Prime Minister Tony Blair, 850 British soldiers will move within days to one of the most dangerous parts of Iraq.	3
0	Britain extends citizenship rights to Gurkha soldiers (AFP)  AFP - Britain has extended full citizenship rights to Gurkha soldiers from Nepal who serve in the British armed forces, Prime Minister Tony Blair has said.	3
1	Bush, Kerry in Statistical Tie After Debate, Zogby Poll Says  President George W. Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry are tied in a nationwide Zogby International poll. The survey is the fourth since their Sept.	0 1
0	Kerry Warns Draft Possible if Bush Wins  WASHINGTON - John Kerry said Friday there is a "great potential" for a new military draft to replace overextended U.S. troops in Iraq if President Bush wins a second term, despite Bush's repeated pledges to maintain the all-volunteer service...	0 1
1	Anti-Kerry documentary available for free  The controversial documentary on Sen. John Kerry #39;s anti-Vietnam War activities will be made available free to the public, it #39;s producer said Friday.	1
0	Bush: Consider Landowners on Environment (AP)  AP - President Bush on Thursday ordered Cabinet agencies to pay more attention to private landowners, states and local governments on how to manage the environment.	0
0	Blair Leaves Hospital After Operation  British Prime Minister Tony Blair underwent a successful operation Friday to correct an irregular heartbeat and was recovering at home, a hospital official said.	3
1	Bush Signs Intelligence Overhaul Bill  President Bush on Friday signed the largest overhaul of US intelligence-gathering in a half century, aiming to transform a system designed for Cold War threats so it can deal effectively with the post-Sept.	0
0	Bush Attacks Kerry; Edwards Says Bush 'In Denial' (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush, going on the attack after a slip in the polls, said on Wednesday Democratic rival John Kerry's "mind-set of September 10th" would paralyze the United States and weaken its ability to respond to threats.	0 1
1	Bush calls for stop to ads by Vietnam veterans criticising Kerry  WASHINGTON : US President George W Bush has called for a stop to all campaign ads aired by a group of Vietnam war veterans. The group has attacked Democratic 	0
0	Kerry turns the Bible, terror comments on Bush (AFP)  AFP - Democratic challenger John Kerry turned the Bible against born-again Methodist President George W. Bush, arguing that his policies ran counter to America's moral foundation.	0 1
0	Bush Calls for More Iraqi Debt Cuts  US President George W. Bush hailed the Paris Club agreement to write off 80 percent of Iraq #39;s debt and called on other nations to join as well.	0
1	Dan Rather defends report on President Bush #39;s National Guard  CBS News anchorman Dan Rather is spearheading an aggressive defense of a  quot;60 Minutes Two quot; report about President Bush #39;s service in the Air National Guard.	0
1	Britain planned for Iraqi war  London - Britain started to plan the invasion of Iraq months before the conflict, even as Prime Minister Tony Blair was denying he was on a course for war, according to a report on Wednesday quoting a leaked Pentagon document.	3
3	IRS Chief Pleads for Bigger Budget  Internal Revenue Commissioner Mark W. Everson called on Congress yesterday to boost the agency #39;s funding by the full  $500 million requested by President Bush, calling it a way to help shave the record federal budget deficit.	0
0	Arafat Has Exhaustion, #39; Condition Is Satisfactory, Aides Say  Yasser Arafat is suffering from exhaustion, #39; #39; his aides said, as teams of doctors were brought to his headquarters in the West Bank amid reports the 75-year-old Palestinian leader is critically ill.	2
1	US Election Again Fails to Yield Winner; Courts May Decide  The US election system failed to choose a winner on voting day for the second straight presidential contest, raising the possibility that the courts may have to break a deadlock between George W. Bush and challenger John Kerry.	0 1
1	Bush will come out swinging in Round Two  ENGLEWOOD (Colorado) - Senator John Kerry aced a do-or-die test in the first presidential debate last week, but in the second showdown he must beat off a fiery counter-thrust by President George W. Bush.	0 1
1	Bush Signs Intelligence Overhaul Legislation  President Bush on Friday signed legislation setting up the biggest overhaul of US intelligence agencies in a half century and creating a new director of national intelligence demanded after the Sept.	0
0	Blair told Bush he  #39;would not budge #39; in support for war  Leaked documents show a gulf between public statements on Iraq and private talks with the White House. Francis Elliott reports. Tony Blair privately promised George Bush he would not budge in his support for 	3
1	Bush Says Kerry  #39;More Heroic #39; for Going to Vietnam  President Bush on Saturday described John Kerry #39;s tour of duty in Vietnam as more heroic than his own service in the Air National Guard, saying his Democratic rival had been  quot;in harm #39;s way.	0 1
0	Blair rejects tally of Iraq War dead  British Prime Minister Tony Blair has rejected calls for an independent commission to calculate the number of civilians killed and injured since the US-led alliance invaded Iraq in March 2003.	3
1	Bush Signs Bill to Reorganize Intelligence Gathering (Update1)  President George W. Bush signed into law a bill creating a director to oversee US intelligence gathering and making other changes the Sept.	0
1	John Kerry Why Didn #39;t George Bush Approve This Ad???  Im not John Kerry and you know George Bush didnt approve this ad. Even though Im not John Kerry Ill tell you the truth about George Bush.	1
1	Australia #39;s Howard, Bush Deputy, #39; Is Even Bet for Reelection  Australian Prime Minister John Howard, whom US President George W. Bush called his deputy sheriff #39; #39; in Asia, faces little more than 50-50 odds that he #39;ll win re-election as the country #39;s second-longest serving leader.	0
0	Powell defends Bush N. Korea policy  Preparing to depart for visits to Japan, China, and Korea, US Secretary of State Colin Powell pledged that the Bush administration will continue its multilateral effort to solve the North Korea nuclear problem, even as John Kerry sharply attacked the Bush 	1
0	Arafat Dead,Say Palestinian Sources Amid Confusion   PARIS (Reuters) - The fate of Yasser Arafat was mired in  confusion on Tuesday as Palestinian officials insisted in  public he was clinging to life even as aides said privately the  veteran leader had died at a Paris hospital.	2
0	Blair Calls for Action on Crises in Africa (AP)  AP - British Prime Minister Tony Blair  #151; bedeviled by Iraq and in search of a more positive legacy  #151; departed Ethiopia late Thursday after calling for a concerted international action to finally address the crises afflicting Africa, the only continent to have grown poorer over the last 40 years.	3
0	Kerry defends Vietnam record, challenges Bush (AFP)  AFP - Democratic Senator John Kerry accused President George W. Bush of using a front group to do the "dirty work" of attacking his Vietnam War record.	0 1
3	Will Russia #39;s oil help fuel Asia #39;s economies?  AS OIL prices hovered near record levels, United States President George W. Bush welcomed a personal assurance this week from his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin that Russia would 	0
1	Arafat has gallstones, may need surgery: Report  RAMALLAH, West BankA Tunisian medical team examined Yasser Arafat in the West Bank yesterday, but aides dismissed Israeli media reports that the Palestinian president #39;s health had deteriorated and said he had flu.	2
1	Ain #39;t It Funny!!! Dan Rather Drags CBS Thru Pasture Patties Using <b>...</b>  Medford , Oregon - The BIG media in America was all atwitter last week. We #39;ve got the goods on Bush now, they thought. Yessiree... That rich boy George W left a trail of 1960 #39;s documents behind at the Texas 	0
1	Ayoon wa Azan (The Benefit of a Doubt)  Palestinians need elections because no Palestinian leadership would be legitimate after Yasser Arafat without elections. They need calm to make the elections possible; however, calm, in turn, needs agreement 	2
1	FACTBOX-Speakers at Republican National Convention  Following are brief profiles of the main speakers at the Republican National Convention here from Aug. 30-Sept. 2, where President Bush will accept his party #39;s nomination to run for re-election: 	0
1	Bush, Kerry clash over health care in debate  US Democratic Senator John Kerry said Wednesday night that the health care system in the United States had gotten worse under President George W. Bush overthe course of the last four years.	0 1
0	Powell: N. Korea Blast Not Nuclear Event (AP)  AP - The United States does not believe that a large explosion in North Korea was related to the communist country's suspected nuclear weapons program, President Bush's foreign policy advisers said Sunday.	0
0	Bush Defends Iraq War in U.N. Speech  UNITED NATIONS - President Bush defended his decision to invade Iraq in a speech on Tuesday to the United Nations, urging the world community to turn its attention to fighting the war on terrorism and humanitarian concerns.    He told a subdued U.N...	0
0	Israeli Hard-Liners Denounce Gaza Disengagement Plan  A large number of prominent Israeli hard-liners are describing Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to dismantle Jewish settlements in Gaza and a small portion of the West Bank as a  quot;crime against humanity.	4
1	Kerry faults Bush on North Korea  Washington -- Sen. John Kerry accused the Bush White House on Sunday of letting a nuclear nightmare develop by refusing to deal with North Korea when the administration first came to office.	0 1
1	Insincere from the start  At the opening of a recent cabinet meeting, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon asked his ministers not to refer to the road map anymore. This despite the fact that he promised President George W. Bush that his plan 	0 4
1	Please, Mr Blair, I am begging you for my life  CAGED and shackled, British hostage Ken Bigley, who is held in Iraq, again begged British Prime Minister Tony Blair to save his life yesterday.	3
1	Curtain rises on next presidential drama  Even as Democrats lick their wounds and Republicans bask in President Bush #39;s second-term victory, would-be presidential candidates for 2008 already are maneuvering for position.	0
0	Bush Taps Nicholson for Veterans Affairs (AP)  AP - President Bush announced Thursday he was keeping the heads of the Transportation, Interior, Housing and Labor departments, ending the major shake-up that will put new faces on three-fifths of his Cabinet in his second term.	0
0	AP Poll: Kerry Holds Small Lead Over Bush  WASHINGTON - Sen. John Kerry has taken a slim lead over President Bush, according to an Associated Press poll that shows the president's support tumbling on personal qualities, the war in Iraq and the commander in chief's bedrock campaign issue - national security...	0 1
1	Daily Endorsement Tally: Bush Picks up a Pair (Editor and Publisher)  Editor and Publisher - NEW YORK President George W. Bush has picked up two new editorial endorsements but still trails Senator John Kerry badly in the race for newspaper editorial backing, according to E P's exclusive daily update.	0 1
0	Bush tells Musharraf he will focus on Mideast issue  WASHINGTON (AFP) - US President George W. Bush told visiting Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf he would make the creation of a Palestinian state a central priority of his second term in office.	0
0	Israel #39;s Labor Seals Deal to Join Sharon #39;s Coalition  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon speaks at an annual academic conference in Herzliya, north of Tel Aviv December 16, 2004. Sharon said Israel was ready to coordinate its Gaza withdrawal plan with a future 	4
1	No apology from Kerry over Cheney remarks  Sen. John Kerry offered no apology Friday for bringing up the sexual orientation of Vice President Dick Cheney #39;s daughter in this week #39;s presidential debate.	1
1	 #39;EXPLOSIVE #39; CHARGES AS W. HITS BACK  President Bush called John Kerry  quot;the wrong man for the wrong job at the wrong time quot; yesterday as he and GOP backers launched a blistering counteroffensive 	0 1
1	Bush, Kerry Clash Over Iraq  President Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry are both on the campaign trail Thursday clashing over US policy in Iraq and looking for votes from America #39;s military veterans.	0 1
0	Blair Fears Climate Change Disaster, Challenges US   LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's Tony Blair pledged on Tuesday  to force international action on global warming, despite the  reluctance of big powers like the United States.	3
2	Football Game Could Lead to Kerry Win  According to Sunday #39;s NFL results, John Kerry is the odds-on favourite to win the US Election. The Washington Redskins loss on Sunday could mean the Democrat will win the election.	1
0	Bush, Kerry Camps Battle Over War on Terror (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush and Democrat John Kerry battled over who can best make the United States safer on Sunday, the Bush camp accusing Kerry of wanting to treat terrorists like gamblers and the Kerry side saying his Republican opponent was soft on homeland security.	0 1
1	Bush Presses Allies on Nuclear Talks With North Korea (Update1)  President George W. Bush said US allies will work together to pressure North Korea to end its nuclear weapons program and sought to revive stalled talks with the communist regime on the issue.	0
1	Kerry Steps Up Criticism of Bush #39;s Iraq Policy  Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry has stepped up criticism of President Bush #39;s handling of Iraq, saying the Bush administration has made a  quot;series of catastrophic decisions quot; in that country.	0 1
1	Justice wants Detroit terror convictions thrown out  Heralded as  #39;major victory against terror, #39; US government now says it made too many mistakes. In a move that the BBC reports could not be worse timing for President Bush as he goes in front of the nation Thursday 	0
0	Bush, Kerry paint each other as unfit to lead war effort (Chicago Tribune)  Chicago Tribune - As the campaign for president becomes increasingly vitriolic, Sen. John Kerry and President Bush visited north-central Iowa on Wednesday, with each portraying the other as incompetent to lead the war against terrorism.	0 1
3	Economy adds 114,000 jobs; four year job growth still negative  On the campaign trail today, President Bush stressed that the economy  quot;is strong and getting stronger, quot; after the Labor Department released data showing that the economy gained 144,000 jobs in August.	0
0	Blair  #39;warned over post-war Iraq unrest #39;  The Government is under renewed fire over claims Tony Blair was warned before the war in Iraq of the scale of the task that would face British and other coalition troops after Saddam Hussein was toppled.	3
0	Bush vs. the Laureates: How Science Became a Partisan Issue  Where scientists see selective research to suit Bush administration policies, the White House sees partisanship.	0
1	Pakistani Americans to announce support for Kerry in presidential <b>...</b>  JERSEY CITY: Coalition of Pakistani Americans is holding a press conference on Oct 14 (Thursday) to support John Kerry in the presidential election.	1
1	Kerry's Crew on Patrol to Defend Those Four Months in Vietnam  Filmed before the Swift boat veterans brouhaha, Paul Alexander's partisan documentary is effective filmmaking.	1
0	Blair recovering after heart treatment  Tony Blair is recovering at Chequers after undergoing hospital treatment for his recurring heart  quot;flutter quot;. Dressed casually in jeans, blue open-necked shirt and blazer, the Prime Minister grinned broadly and waved at waiting reporters and photographers.	3
0	'Batman' Ends Buckingham Palace Ledge Protest   LONDON (Reuters) - An activist dressed as Batman, from the  fathers' rights group that pelted Prime Minister Tony Blair  with flour-filled condoms, caused a major security breach  Monday by scaling the front wall of Buckingham Palace.	3
0	US wants new assurances from Israel after Weisglass comments  WASHINGTON, Oct 7 (AFP) - The United States has asked Israel for further clarification of comments made by a top aide to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon who said that the premier wants to sabotage the  quot;roadmap quot; for peace, US officials said Thursday.	4
1	Bush Picks Bodman for Energy Secretary  President Bush makes remarks to the media before a meeting with the Social Security Trustees, in the Oval Office of the White House, Thursday, Dec. 9, 2004, in Washington.	0
0	Warring visions for Iraq  With Bush's speech today to the UN and Kerry's stern rebukes, candidates turn to the future of US involvement.	0 1
0	Newspaper Endorsements for 2004 Campaign (AP)  AP - Newspaper endorsements for President Bush, a Republican, or Sen. John Kerry, a Democrat, in the 2004 presidential campaign:	0 1
0	Israel's Likud, Labour Begin Coalition Talks   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's opposition Labour party  began talks on Saturday with Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's  Likud party on joining his coalition, a partnership aimed at  promoting a planned Gaza withdrawal.	4
0	Key Events in Yasser Arafat #39;s Life  Aug. 4, 1929: Born in Cairo, Egypt, fifth child of Palestinian merchant Abdel Raouf al-Qudwa al-Husseini. -Jan. 1, 1965: Forms Fatah guerrilla movement, which becomes core group of 	2
0	U.S. Servicemen React to Bush Guard Memos  ALBANY, Ga. - Some current and retired members of the National Guard and other military services say they aren't bothered by newly revealed memos that indicate President Bush got preferential treatment in the Air National Guard during the Vietnam War, while others say they are troubling...	0
0	Blair launches ad blitz for early polls  British Prime Minister Tony Blair is planning to call general elections in February, ahead of schedule, to maximise his present opinion poll advantage over his opponents.	3
0	Sharon to Talk About Gaza Withdrawal Plan  JERUSALEM - After more than a year of avoiding Jewish settlers, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has decided to directly confront his former supporters in a meeting about his contentious plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip and part of the West Bank.    Sharon invited settler leaders to meet with him in Jerusalem on Sunday, just a week before he presents his "disengagement" plan to parliament...	4
1	Make or break time for Kerry  Democratic challenger John Kerry heads into tomorrow #39;s first presidential debate trailing Republican President George W. Bush by six to eight points in most opinion polls.	0 1
1	Rice undergoes surgery for noncancerous growths  Condoleezza Rice underwent surgery Friday to treat non cancerous growths in the uterus, a White House official said. Rice, who is 50, is the choice of US President George W. Bush to be his country #39;s next secretary of state.	0
0	Confusion Over Arafat, Palestinians Prepare Burial   PARIS (Reuters) - Palestinians looked to their leadership  to lift confusion over Yasser Arafat's fate in a Paris hospital  on Wednesday as preparations gathered pace to bury the icon of  their fight for statehood. Arafat, 75, suffered a brain  hemorrhage on Tuesday at the hospital where he was flown from  the West Bank on Oct. 29 and had lain in a coma. Officials  insisted in public that he was alive, though aides said  privately that he was dead.	2
0	Leader preaches Middle East peace  CHARLOTTE, NC -- A leader for an initiative to bring peace in the Middle East visited Charlotte Friday -- the same day Yasser Arafat was buried.	2
1	Presidential Candidates Battle for Undecided Votes  With just days to go to the election, President Bush and John Kerry headed to battleground states Saturday. President Bush was campaigning in Florida, while Kerry was focusing his attention on Colorado.	0 1
1	Bush criticises Kerry #39;s defense policy  WASHINGTON: US Democrats accused George W Bush of  quot;lying quot; about their candidate #39;s defense policies on Saturday, after the president claimed Senator John Kerry would give foreign powers a veto over US military action.	0 1
1	Former POW resigns from Bush campaign  WASHINGTON -- A former POW resigned as a volunteer to President Bush #39;s re-election campaign Saturday after it was learned that he appeared in an anti-John Kerry ad sponsored by the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth.	0 1
0	Blair should keep quiet about kidnapped aid chief: Iraqi husband (AFP)  AFP - The Iraqi husband of the kidnapped Baghdad head of international relief agency CARE criticized British Prime Minister Tony Blair for commenting on his wife's abduction, saying it could put her in even greater danger, in an interview published here.	3
1	Kerry Attacks Bush #39;s Handling of Campaign Against Terror  enator John Kerry launched a sharp attack on President Bush #39;s handling of the campaign against terror today, asserting that terror attacks in the world were on the rise and that the Bush administration 	0 1
1	Sharon says troops will stay in Gaza until rocket attacks on <b>...</b>  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon pledged Sunday to escalate a broad Israeli offensive into northern Gaza, saying troops will remain in the area until Palestinian rocket attacks are halted.	4
0	Arafat #39;s death opens door for peace  Yasser Arafat #39;s death opens a window of opportunity. The Palestinian leader who loomed so large for so many years - and who had recently been rejected as a partner by Israel 	2
1	Slouching towards Bethlehem   #39;.the central lie of this campaign is the way Bush morphed Osama bin Laden and Saddam Hussein, the religious fanatic and the secular dictator.	0
1	Facts lost amid flurry of campaign rhetoric  Whether a distortion on jobs, hairsplitting on health care or a half-told story about Iraq, facts are getting lost as President Bush and Democrat John Kerry reach full-throated roar in the campaign.	0 1
3	Kerry Takes Job Creation Message to NC  CHARLOTTE, NC Aug. 20, 2004  Democratic presidential hopeful John Kerry came to the heart of a conservative state hit hard by job losses over the past four years to tout his plan for curbing the export of jobs by cutting corporate taxes and enforcing ...	1
3	Small Business, Ill-Defined  You may not have heard my name mentioned, but I was a hot item of discussion during the Bush-Kerry debates. How can that be, given that the words  quot;Allan Sloan quot; passed the lips of neither Kerry nor Bush?	0
0	Bush Begins His Final Push for Votes (AP)  AP - President Bush's mission in New York is to tell Americans what they can expect of him during four more years in the White House  #151; and to begin his final drive to convince them that's what they want.	0
2	White House Watch  President Bush #39;s campaign acknowledged Thursday that it had doctored a photograph used in a television commercial to remove the president and the lectern behind which he was standing.	0
1	Bush may press Musharraf for troops to Iraq  US President George W. Bush is likely to press his Pakistani counterpart Pervez Musharraf on the issue of sending Pakistani troops to Iraq when both of them meet on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly.	0
1	Bush, Kerry clash over wisdom of Iraq invasion  Coral Gables, Fla. -- President Bush and Sen. John Kerry clashed repeatedly Thursday in a lively debate that highlighted their sharply contrasting views of the past and future of America #39;s war in Iraq.	0 1
0	WORLD IN BRIEF  GAZA CITY -- Mohammed Dahlan, once seen as a possible successor to Yasser Arafat, said Tuesday that he would not run in the Jan. 9 elections and instead endorsed the interim president of the Palestine Liberation Organization, Mahmoud Abbas.	2
1	Arafat on Life Support as Palestinian Factions Prepare to Meet  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat remained on life support in a Paris-area hospital as factions in the Gaza Strip prepared to discuss his successor in an effort to avoid conflict.	2
0	Blair Criticized for Moving Troops in Iraq  British lawmakers in the ruling and main opposition parties alike sharply criticized Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s government on Monday for planning to dispatch hundreds of 	3
3	Election Will Dominate Wall Street #39;s Moves  Does Wall Street like Bush or Kerry? At this point, investors would be happy with having a clear winner by the opening bell on Wednesday, no matter who it might be.	0 1
0	Florida Cleans Up After Charley Kills 16  PUNTA GORDA, Fla. - Residents left homeless by Hurricane Charley's 145 mph winds dug through their ravaged homes on Sunday, sweeping up shattered glass and rescuing what they could as President Bush promised rapid delivery of disaster aid...	0
3	Snow to Remain as U.S. Treasury Secretary   WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Bush asked Treasury  Secretary John Snow to stay in his job on Wednesday and Snow  agreed to do so, ending a frenzy of speculation that the  65-year-old former railroad executive was about to be replaced.	0
0	Bush and Kerry Head Into Final Weekend of Long Campaign  John Kerry said President Bush doesn't care about Americans' problems and the president said he'll keep the nation safe.	0 1
1	Sharon and Abbas Say They Are Willing to Meet  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas said in interviews published Sunday they would be willing to meet, though such talks were unlikely before a Jan. 9 Palestinian election.	4
0	Status of migrants a priority, says Powell  MEXICO CITY -- Secretary of State Colin L. Powell said yesterday that President Bush will place a high priority in his second term on granting legal status to millions of migrants who live illegally in the United States.	0
0	Niche Publications Capture White House Contenders (Reuters)  Reuters - Do U.S. voters really care that George W. Bush's favorite gun is the Winchester his father gave him, or that John Kerry likes fishing for blues and stripers? Millions might, which means candidates will keep talking to niche publications like Field   Stream.	0 1
0	Bush Pledges Strong-Dollar Policy (AP)  AP - President Bush pledged Wednesday to work with Congress to reduce the government's huge budget deficit as a key step in assuring the world that his administration supports a strong dollar.	0
1	Bush Promotes Social Security Accounts as Opponents Mobilize  President George W. Bush said Social Security is headed for bankruptcy and pressed his plan for private retirement accounts as a coalition representing labor, women, blacks, seniors and the disabled challenged his proposal.	0
3	Bush names Carlos Gutierrez new commerce secretary  WASHINGTON, Nov 29 (AFP) - US President George W. Bush on Monday nominated 51-year-old Carlos Gutierrez, the Cuban-born head of cereals giant Kellogg Co.	0
0	Another round for the great survivor  All of the downfalls and the resurgences of Ariel Sharon pale in comparison to the battle awaiting him on Thursday, when the Likud conference votes on whether to hold coalition talks with Labor.	4
1	UK to Send Troops Into US-Controlled Area of Iraq (Update4)  UK Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s government, risking criticism from lawmakers in the ruling Labour Party, said it will redeploy 850 troops now in southern Iraq to a region controlled by US forces.	3
0	Blair attends memorial ceremony for British hostage slain in Iraq (AFP)  AFP - Prime Minister Tony Blair attended a memorial service in the northwestern English city of Liverpool for Kenneth Bigley, who was beheaded last month after being taken captive in Iraq.	3
1	Kerry Draws Even With Bush at 45 Percent in Zogby Tracking Poll  Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry moved into a tie with President George W. Bush in the latest Reuters/Zogby tracking poll of likely voters.	0 1
3	What #39;s The Biggest Challenge Carlos Gutierrez Would Face As US <b>...</b>  President George W. Bush has tapped Kellogg Chairman and Chief Executive Carlos Gutierrez to become secretary of the US Commerce Department.	0
1	Buoyant Bush hits the campaign trail running  Barely pausing to savour his ovation after formally accepting the Republican nomination and vowing to  quot;build a safer world quot;, President George W Bush hit the campaign trail through 	0
0	Israel plans for Arafat burial  Israel raises Palestinian hackles by planning a Gaza burial for Yasser Arafat as he lies ill in a Paris hospital.	2
3	Stocks Surge; Bush Win Boosts Drugs, Oil  US stocks surged on Wednesday as President Bush won re-election, boosting shares of companies in sectors seen benefiting from Republican administration policies, such as defense and drugs.	0
3	Congress Approves Extension of Popular Tax Cuts  The US Congress on Thursday passed legislation to extend popular tax cuts proposed by President Bush. The measure keeps the per child tax credit at  $1,000 and upholds tax relief for both married couples and many individuals.	0
0	Iraq intelligence faulty, Blair admits to his party  BRIGHTON, England -- With the war in Iraq dividing his government and eroding trust in his leadership, Prime Minister Tony Blair yesterday conceded at the Labor Party conference that intelligence used to justify sending troops proved wrong, but he refused to apologize for toppling Saddam Hussein.	3
0	PM to tap Labor as soon as Shinui quits  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon announced yesterday that if senior coalition partner Shinui makes good on its threat to quit the government - as they have threatened - then he will immediately start negotiating with Labor to take its place, and will consider 	4
0	Sharon Rejects Settler Demands Over Gaza  JERUSALEM - Longtime allies turned enemies, Ariel Sharon and Jewish settlers leaders only succeeded in deepening their hostility during their first effort to end their impasse over the prime minister's disengagement plan.    Settlers, calling Sunday's meeting "shameful," raised the specter of civil war unless Sharon changes his course...	4
0	Orderly transition required in Palestine once Arafat dies, says Martin (Canadian Press)  Canadian Press - MONTREAL (CP) - Prime Minister Paul Martin said an orderly transition is required in Palestinian territories once Yasser Arafat dies.	2
0	Experts Wary of Predicting Win for Bush (AP)  AP - President Bush will be the first president in 72 years to face the electorate with a net job loss. The Iraq war has deeply torn the nation. National polls show a neck-and-neck race. Yet economy-based projections still show a decisive Bush victory on Nov. 2.	0
0	Kerry Warns Middle Class Against Bush (AP)  AP - Massachusetts Sen. John Kerry accused President Bush on Sunday of planning a surprise second-term attempt to privatize Social Security, and forecast a "disaster for America's middle class." Republican party chairman Ed Gillespie called the charge "just flat inaccurate."	0 1
1	Bush Cites Hussein #39;s Potential Weapons  President Bush and other senior administration officials yesterday defended their decision to invade Iraq despite errors in prewar intelligence, echoing findings in a draft report by the top 	0
0	Poll: More Believe Bush Behind Attack Ads (AP)  AP - Americans increasingly believe President Bush's re-election campaign is behind the ads attacking Democrat John Kerry's Vietnam experience, a poll found.	0
0	Democrats Celebrate Strong Kerry Showing (AP)  AP - Gleeful Democrats, some almost giddy with relief after weeks of carping within the party over their presidential campaign, on Friday trumpeted Sen. John Kerry's debate performance as vindication of his ability to take on the job of commander in chief.	1
0	Australians vote: Bush ally Howard tipped to win  SYDNEY (AFP) - Australians went to the polls in national elections tipped to see the conservative government of Prime Minister John Howard, a key US ally in Iraq, beat off a strong challenge from the center-left Labor Party.	0
1	Next round: Cheney vs. Edwards  WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- Vice presidential debates rarely decide anything, but Tuesday night #39;s match-up is expected to draw added attention after last week #39;s widely watched battle between President Bush and Sen.	0
0	Saudis, Expatriates Dread Bushs Second Term  JEDDAH/RIYADH, 4 November 2004 - Citizens and residents of Saudi Arabia dreaded the news of George W. Bush emerging winner in the US presidential election, as they watched the results unfolding from Tuesday night through yesterday.	0
1	Congress to take last stab at remapping US intelligence  WASHINGTON (AFP) - Congressional efforts to pass intelligence reform will mark a major test of President George W. Bush #39;s clout with his Republican Party to push his ambitious second-term agenda, supporters of the bill said.	0
0	US seeks Israeli cooperation in Palestinian election  The United States on Sunday began a new round of Mideast diplomacy after the death of Yasser Arafat, asking Israel to help with the upcoming Palestinian election for his successor.	2
0	Lawmakers Back Compromise on Intel Bill (AP)  AP - Two powerful congressional chairmen, one who had opposed legislation to revamp the nation's intelligence agencies, endorsed a compromise Monday and moved a bill endorsed by President Bush closer to approval.	0
1	Candidates Hopscotch Through Battleground States in Final Bid  Nursing their vocal chords and trying to keep up their energy levels, President Bush and Senator John Kerry sprinted through several battleground states on the eve of Election Day, even though 	0 1
0	CIA Nominee Promises to Shed Partisanship  WASHINGTON - President Bush's nominee to head the CIA promised Tuesday to shed his political past and provide precise, objective and independent intelligence to the president and Congress. But he also cautioned it may take longer than the past CIA director's estimate to hire and train all the operatives needed worldwide to combat terrorism and other threats...	0
0	U.S. Rules Out Iraq Women Prisoner Release  BAGHDAD, Iraq - Authorities insisted they won't give in to militants' demands to free female Iraqi prisoners despite the plea of a tearful British hostage begging Britain to save his life in a video released by his captors.    The captive, Kenneth Bigley, appealed to British Prime Minister Tony Blair to intervene...	3
0	New Yorker magazine breaks with tradition, endorses Kerry (AFP)  AFP - For the first time in its 80-year history, the venerable New Yorker magazine has endorsed a presidential candidate, urging readers Monday to vote for Democrat John Kerry in next week's election.	1
0	UN Ambassador John Danforth resigns  John Danforth, the US ambassador to the United Nations, will leave his post in January after less than seven months on the job. In a letter of resignation sent to President Bush on November 	0
0	Spellings Named Education Secretary (AP)  AP - President Bush on Wednesday named White House domestic policy adviser Margaret Spellings to be the nation's eighth education secretary. "The issue of education is close to my heart and on this vital issue there's no one I trust more than Margaret Spellings," Bush told her.	0
0	Sharon apologises for guards #39; deaths  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has telephoned Egypt #39;s President Hosni Mubarak to apologise for the killing of three Egyptian policemen mistaken for Palestinian militants, state television reported Thursday.	4
0	Blair battles to unify party ahead of election  Prime Minister Tony Blair said in a prepared speech yesterday that he realized the war in Iraq had divided Britain, but that he could not sincerely apologize for helping topple Saddam Hussein.	3
0	Bush Campaigns in Area of West Virginia (AP)  AP - President Bush set his re-election sights Sunday on the part of West Virginia that strongly supported him four years ago and where he hopes to build a big lead against rival John Kerry in November.	0 1
0	Poll: Arafat lost real power years ago  A Palestinian pollster says Yasser Arafat #39;s death will not leave a political vacuum because others effectively replaced him years ago.	2
0	Palestinians say they hope Bush accepts dealing with Arafat in new <b>...</b>  An ailing Yasser Arafat congratulated President Bush on his re-election and expressed hope that a second term will spark new life to the Middle East peace process, an aide to the Palestinian leader said Wednesday.	0 2
0	Kerry Will Buy  #36;45M TV Time in 20 States (AP)  AP - Previewing its fall strategy, John Kerry's presidential campaign will buy  #36;45 million worth of commercial time in 20 states through Election Day, including spots on cable television and advertising geared toward minorities.	1
1	Jewish settlers step up campaign against Sharon #39;s Gaza pullout <b>...</b>  PISGAT ZEEV, West Bank, Oct 11 (AFP) - Israel #39;s settler movement unveiled plans Monday for a massive campaign to force Prime Minister Ariel Sharon to submit his plan to uproot thousands of Jews from parts of the Palestinian territories to a national 	4
0	Democrats Say Bush Lied on Guard Service  WASHINGTON - Democrats pounced on the latest revelations about President Bush's Air National Guard service Wednesday, saying newly released records show Bush shirked his duty and lied about it.    Bush's spokesmen said the records back up the president's assertion that he fulfilled all of his Vietnam-era military obligations and served honorably...	0
0	Palestinians attack settlement after Arafat dies  Palestinian militants angry over Yasser Arafat #39;s death have attacked a Jewish settlement in the Gaza Strip in what they said signalled the start of a new round of clashes against Israel.	2
0	Likud to Labor: Take It or Leave It  So said sources close to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon yesterday, following his  quot;take it or leave it quot; coalition offer to the Labor Party.	4
0	Bush and Hu push for peaceful end to Korean N-crisis  SANTIAGO: US President George W Bush and Chinese President Hu Jintao agreed in a meeting here Saturday to push for a diplomatic end to the crisis over North Koreas nuclear programmes.	0
0	Britain Considers U.S. Request for Iraq Troop Help   LONDON (Reuters) - Britain said Monday it will respond soon  to a U.S. request to send troops to more dangerous areas of  Iraq, a politically charged issue that has revived anger over  Prime Minister Tony Blair's support for the war.	3
1	Hundreds More Israeli Houses for West Bank  Israel will begin building another 533 housing units in the West Bank next year, an official said today, the latest indication that Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is working to strengthen West Bank settlements while pushing ahead with a Gaza pullout plan.	4
1	 #39;American Taliban #39; asks Bush for help  John Walker Lindh, the former San Anselmo man convicted of aiding the Taliban, asked President Bush yesterday to commute his 20-year prison term.	0
0	Sharon sanctions new homes in West Bank  IN ADVANCE of a showdown with Likud party hard-liners, the Israeli prime minister Ariel Sharon #39;s government yesterday issued its largest authorisation of new settlement homes in the occupied West Bank since the unveiling of the international peace ...	4
1	Where Is The Shame?  ax Cleland, minus the three limbs he lost in Vietnam, showed up in his wheelchair outside President Bush #39;s ranch in Crawford, Tex.	0
1	Leaders cancel visit to Arafat  Ramallah - Three of Yasser Arafat #39;s top lieutenants have shelved plans to visit the ailing Palestinian leader in a Paris hospital Monday, the head of Arafat #39;s office, Tayib Abdelrahim, said.	2
0	Former Swift Boat Commander Backs Kerry on Vietnam (Reuters)  Reuters - An American journalist who commanded a boat alongside John Kerry in Vietnam broke a 35-year silence on Saturday and defended the Democratic presidential candidate against Republican critics of his military service and integrity.	1
0	Bush Envoy Defends U.N. Against Schwarzenegger (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush's ambassador to the United Nations defended the world body on Wednesday, after California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger said the United States, not the U.N., was best for democracy.	0
0	Analysis: Bush Facing Domestic Challenges (AP)  AP - From his domestic policy platter, President Bush chose to serve dessert before the main course. Having now won a second term, he may find it increasingly difficult to deliver on the meatier stuff, even with the political capital he is claiming and larger GOP majorities in the House and Senate.	0
0	Kerry Links Iraq War, U.S. Economic Woes (AP)  AP - Democrat John Kerry sought to link the Iraq war to U.S. economic woes on Wednesday, calling President Bush's move against Baghdad a "catastrophic choice" that so far has drained  #36;200 billion in needed resources at home.	0 1
0	Two bombs discovered in Sardinia after Berlusconi-Blair meet (AFP)  AFP - Police discovered two bombs near the Sardinian villa of Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, just hours after he met his British counterpart Tony Blair on the island.	3
0	Kerry Chides Bush on Assault Weapons Ban  WASHINGTON - Sen. John Kerry sought to make President Bush pay a political price Monday for the expiration of a partial assault weapons ban, but other Democrats reacted warily on an issue that has hurt the party in recent elections...	0 1
1	US mum on Arafats return  MANCHESTER: The White House on Friday declined to say whether Israel should guarantee that ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat can return to the Palestinian territories after receiving medical treatment in Paris.	2
1	Scorecard on the president: A mixed bag  President Bush #39;s performance evaluation is underway now, and his scores will be determined by the voters who are weighing whether he has met the goals he set for himself four years ago.	0
0	Republican Senator Says He May Not Support Bush (Reuters)  Reuters - U.S. Sen. Lincoln Chafee, a Republican moderate from Rhode Island, said on Monday he might not vote for President Bush in the Nov. 2 election.	0
0	Egypt Prepares for Arafat's Funeral (AP)  AP - Egypt prepared Thursday for a strictly controlled military funeral for Yasser Arafat where dignitaries from around the world will pay their respects, but where the people  #151; among whom Arafat was by far more popular  #151; will be mostly shut out.	2
0	Comatose Arafat Hovers Between Life, Death (AP)  AP - Yasser Arafat was hovering "between life and death" in a coma Friday, no worse but also no better than he was a day earlier, according to Palestinian and French officials. In the event he dies, the Palestinian leader has asked to be buried in Jerusalem, but Israeli officials are determined to keep him out.	2
0	Bush Tours Fla., Kerry Faults Bush on Oil  CORAL GABLES, Fla. - On the eve of the first presidential debate, President Bush toured hurricane-battered Florida for the fifth time in six weeks on Wednesday, while rival John Kerry blamed Bush for sky-high oil prices...	0 1
0	A Domestic Policy in Sharp Focus (washingtonpost.com)  washingtonpost.com - President Bush is moving quickly to create a new, tighter and more disciplined domestic policy team to pursue transforming the way Americans save for retirement, pay taxes and seek legal damages.	0
1	Kerry, Bush spar over who can best lead charge on terror  The presidential candidates yesterday battled over who is best qualified to lead the nation in the war on terrorism, with President 	0 1
0	Kerry Will Begin Ad Blitz in Seven States  NEW YORK - John Kerry will begin his post-Labor Day advertising blitz in seven states from New Hampshire to New Mexico, his political Ground Zero for a  $50 million campaign scheduled to expand into another 13 states by Nov. 2...	1
0	Sharon rebuffs rebellious Likud members to seek coalition with Labor  JERUSALEM, Aug. 18 (Xinhuanet) -- Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon insisted Wednesday evening that he would not accept the automatic disqualification of parties or personalities, with whomhe wished to conduct coalition negotiations, local newspaper ...	4
0	Northern Ireland talks fail to break deadlock, Blair says  A high-stakes effort to revive a Catholic-Protestant government for Northern Ireland has ended in failure, British Prime Minister Tony Blair conceded Saturday.	3
0	Sharon gets a setback in parliament  JERUSALEM -- The Israeli Knesset last night dealt a staggering political blow to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, rejecting on a 53-44 vote his report on the activities of his government, foremost among them his plan to evacuate Israeli settlements in the Gaza Strip and the northern areas of the West Bank.	4
1	EU suspends US export sanctions  The European Union is to suspend sanctions on US imports worth  $4bn after President Bush signed a bill removing illegal export subsidies.	0
1	THE DEMOCRATS Kerry Advisers Point Fingers at Iraq and Social <b>...</b>  In a glum post-mortem to the presidential campaign, senior advisers to Senator John Kerry said Monday that Mr. Kerry lost because he had failed to turn the election into 	1
1	Bush May Get Chance to Leave Mark on Top Court  President Bush has yet to make a Supreme Court appointment, but with Chief Justice William Rehnquist ailing that could be about to change and trigger a divisive political battle right after the presidential campaign.	0
0	Bush Pledges to Defeat Global Terrorism  WASHINGTON - President Bush marked the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks Saturday by warning of continued danger to the United States and pledging victory over international terror...	0
1	Time for excuses on Africa is over: Blair  ADDIS ABABA: British Prime Minister Tony Blair is to say on Thursday that the time for excuses on Africa is over as he chairs a meeting in Ethiopia he hopes will turn the continents problems into a global priority.	3
1	IN THE NEWS - Condoleezza Rice Nominated as Secretary of State  President Bush this week nominated his national security adviser, Condoleezza Rice, to replace Colin Powell as secretary of state.	0
0	Bush, Fox Discuss Immigration Reform   SANTIAGO (Reuters) - President Bush pledged on Sunday to  Mexican President Vicente Fox to pursue immigration reforms in  the new year at a Pacific Rim summit enlivened by a security  scuffle involving the U.S. leader.	0
1	The Bush agenda  For reasons of personal style and long-term political strategy, President George W. Bush can be expected to pursue his second-term goals in a hard-edged manner 	0
0	Bush Presents Awards for Arts, Humanities (AP)  AP - Musicians, composers and authors were among the more than two dozen people Wednesday honored with National Medal of Arts and National Humanities awards at the White House.	0
3	Challenger disappoints with writedown  The Kerry Packer-backed Challenger Financial Services Group has reported its first net loss since incorporating, impacted by a massive writedown of goodwill.	1
1	It #39;s official: Bush won in Iowa  President Bush officially won the vote in the state of Iowa on Friday, giving him 286 electoral votes to Sen. John Kerry #39;s 252 in the 2004 presidential election.	0 1
0	Sharon Sees Gaza Pullout as Starting in May or June  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is calling for the evacuation of all 8,000 settlers in Gaza and several hundred in the West Bank.	4
2	Re-Election May Not Bear Bush Promises (AP)  AP - On the campaign trail, belting out promises for the next four years, President Bush exudes confidence and optimism. Yet the reality of a second term is that Bush would be boxed in by many of the momentous decisions he made in the first.	0
1	Rice Says US Couldn #39;t Underestimate Threat From Hussein  US President George W. Bush couldn #39;t afford to minimize the threat from Saddam Hussein when determining whether he was rebuilding Iraq #39;s nuclear weapons capability, National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice said.	0
0	Egypt prepares full military honours for Arafat (AFP)  AFP - Egypt was preparing to give Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat a full military funeral at a ceremony near his childhood home in Cairo to be attended by scores of foreign leaders but closed to the public.	2
1	UN Gives Arafat Head of State Tribute  The United Nations has accorded Yasser Arafat honors as a head of state, holding a tribute in the General Assembly and flying the flag at half staff.	2
0	Bush Marks Opening of Indian Museum  WASHINGTON - President Bush on Thursday marked the opening of the new American Indian National Museum, saying it will serve as a powerful reminder of the spirit and vitality of peoples native to the nation.   "The National Museum of Indian affairs affirms that this young country is home to an ancient, noble and enduring native culture," Bush said in the East Room of the White House...	0
1	Optimism in London, carnage in Iraq  The second Iraq war, between coalition forces and insurgents, is now under way in what has become the  quot;crucible quot; of the global war on terrorism, Tony Blair declared yesterday 	3
0	Five Killed in Attack on Israeli Checkpoint  Five Israeli soldiers are dead after the deadliest attack in the Middle East since Yasser Arafat #39;s death. Palestinian militants attacked an Israeli crossing point between Egypt and Gaza.	2
0	Bush Calls Kerry Health Plan Bureaucratic Nightmare (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush derided Democrat John Kerry's plan for reforming health care on Monday as a bureaucratic nightmare and contended it would cost  #36;1.5 trillion.	0
0	Does Arafats death offer a chance of peace for Middle East?  A day after Yasser Arafat was buried, Palestinians began taking stock of a future without the man who led their fight for independence, while Europe and the US look at ways to revive the stalled peace process.	2
0	Leaders reassure Pakistan-US ties remain strong  Presidents George W. Bush of the United States and Pervez Musharraf of Pakistan met Saturday to emphasize that ties between their nations remain strong, despite Islamabad #39;s decision to scale back its search for Osama bin Laden.	0
0	Persuadable Voters Give Kerry High Marks (AP)  AP - Persuadable voters watching the presidential debates tended to give higher marks to Democrat John Kerry than President Bush, but many sound reluctant to make a final decision in the presidential race.	0 1
0	P. Diddy Takes Vote Drive to Swing States (AP)  AP - Hip-hop mogul Sean "P. Diddy" Combs is following the lead of President Bush and Sen. John Kerry by taking his get-out-the-vote campaign to the swing states.	0 1
0	Analysis: Rice to spearhead realization of Bush #39;s vision for <b>...</b>  US President George W. Bush #39;s plan to play midwife to a Palestinian state took another turn Tuesday with his decision to appoint National Security Advisor Condoleezza Rice as his new secretary of state.	0
0	Thousands Protest Bush Before Chile Summit  Riot police used water cannons and tear gas Friday to break up a demonstration by hundreds of rock-throwing protesters before more than 20,000 people marched to vent their anger at Pacific Rim leaders, particularly President Bush.	0
0	Bush, Kerry Clash on Issues After Debate (AP)  AP - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry, their animosity stirred by a contentious second debate, lit into each other over Iraq, jobs and debate performance on Saturday in critical battleground states.	0 1
0	Summary: Iraq Top, Taxes Bottom for Voters (AP)  AP - FIRST THINGS FIRST  #151; Twenty-seven percent of voters said resolving the situation in Iraq should be President Bush's top priority.	0
0	Federal Deficit Surges to Record  $413B  WASHINGTON - The federal deficit surged to a record  $413 billion in 2004, the Treasury Department announced Thursday, injecting the figure into a presidential campaign in which the two parties have clashed over President Bush's management of the economy and the budget.    The number was a significant improvement from the shortfalls that analysts projected earlier this year, including a  $521 billion estimate the Bush administration made in February...	0
1	Blame No 10 #39;s hubris and genial naivety  A year and half on from the war in Iraq, the political and security mayhem grows. The past week has been one of the most violent yet in a country that Tony Blair and George W. Bush had triumphantly proclaimed was on the road to normality.	0 3
0	Democrats Say Bush Lied on Guard Service  WASHINGTON - Democrats pounced on the latest revelations about President Bush's Air National Guard service Wednesday, saying newly released records show Bush shirked his duty and lied about it.    Bush's spokesmen said the records back up the president's assertion that he fulfilled all of his Vietnam-era military obligations and served honorably...	0
1	For Kerry, Germany might go to Iraq  Germany has indicated it would possibly send troops to Iraq if Democrat Sen. John Kerry is elected US president, the Financial Times said Wednesday.	1
0	Bush should put ayatollah atop list of people to thank  The faith-based compromise that has brought an apparent end to three weeks of bitter fighting around the Imam Ali shrine in Najaf should also bring thunderous sighs of relief from the Bush 	0
0	Bush lawyer quits in anti-Kerry ad flap (AFP)  AFP - A lawyer for US President George W. Bush's re-election campaign who advised a group of veterans accusing Democratic challenger John Kerry of embellishing his Vietnam War record announced his resignation.	0 1
1	Failing Journalism 101  Dan Rather and his CBS News colleagues made inexcusable mistakes in pursuing a story about President Bush #39;s National Guard records.	0
2	Bush urges  #39;strong steps #39; in drug war  President George Bush has urged Major League Baseball to take  quot;strong steps quot; to confront the use of steroids and other illegal performance-enhancing substances by players.	0
0	Musharraf to pay two-day visit to UK to bolster strategic ties  London, Dec 5 (PTI) A range of issues like tackling terrorism and strengthening bilateral  quot;strategic ties quot; are expected to figure in talks Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf will have with British Prime Minister Tony Blair here tomorrow.	3
0	Cheney Due to Lash Into Kerry in Speech  NEW YORK - Vice President Dick Cheney was stepping up to denounce Democrat John Kerry's "confusion of conviction" after President Bush formally won the Republican nomination for a second term in a carefully choreographed GOP convention roll call.    The second day of the convention brought out thousands of protesters who set out on a march to the convention site, getting in the way of a busload of delegates and engaging in shouting matches with officers around Manhattan...	0 1
0	U.S. Servicemen React to Bush Guard Memos  ALBANY, Ga. - Some current and retired members of the National Guard and other military services say they aren't bothered by newly revealed memos that indicate President Bush got preferential treatment in the Air National Guard during the Vietnam War, while others say they are troubling...	0
0	Fatah movement demands causes of Arafats death  The Palestinian Fatah Movement threatened to boycott the upcoming presidential elections unless the cause of Yasser Arafat #39;s is revealed.	2
0	Poll Finds Kerry Assured Voters in Initial Debate  But Senator John Kerry failed to shake the perception that he panders to voters in search of support, according to the latest New York Times/CBS News Poll.	1
1	FATAH COUNCIL MEETS IN BID TO STOP BARGHOUTI  In a bid to put an end to the candidacy of jailed Tanzim terror group leader Marwan Barghouti the revolutionary council of the Palestinian Authoritys dominant Fatah faction endorsed PLO chairman Mahmoud Abbas to succeed Yasser Arafat on Thursday night 	2
0	Fund Raising by Candidates, Parties (AP)  AP - Fund raising and spending in the 2003-04 election cycle by President Bush, Democratic rival John Kerry and national party committees:	0 1
1	Bush Campaigns in Ohio, Michigan and Pennsylvania  With the US election campaign now in its final days and the race too close to call, President Bush is stepping up his attacks on his Democratic Party opponent John Kerry.	0 1
1	Powell takes genteel America with him  The world thought Bush must have a more sophisticated side if he had chosen Powell to manage diplomacy. Now Powell has gone, and his replacement Condoleezza Rice #39;s feel for the broader issues is in question.	0
0	Israeli Prime Minister Sharon Seeks Re-Election   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  announced on Thursday that he would run again in Israel's next  parliamentary elections, scheduled for 2006, despite strife  within his right-wing Likud party over his Gaza pullout plan.	4
0	I #39;m just fine says Blair after surgery  Tony Blair was back in Downing Street last night after successful treatment for a heart condition, showing that he did not want to be regarded as a lame duck Prime Minister.	3
0	Hamas seeks unified leadership  Palestinian militant groups again call for the setting up of a unified leadership following Yasser Arafat's death.	2
0	Blair to address conference  Tony Blair will today address the Labour Party conference, most likely for the last time before the general election. With the election widely anticipated for May 5th, Mr Blair is expected to set out his vision 	3
1	Bush touches on plans for economy  NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - In his first news conference since winning a second term in office, President Bush touched on a variety of economic issues Thursday, from reducing the budget deficit to revamping Social Security and the tax code.	0
0	Kerry Bashes Bush on Assault Weapons Ban  WASHINGTON - Sen. John Kerry sought to make President Bush pay a political price Monday for the expiration of a partial assault weapons ban, but other Democrats reacted warily on an issue that has hurt the party in recent elections...	0 1
1	Gaza pullout: Israeli Parliament backs Sharon #39;s plan  The Israeli Parliament, the Knesset has voted in favour of Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s proposal to pull out Israeli settlers from occupied Palestinian land in the Gaza strip.	4
0	Bush, Kerry Clash on Domestic Issues  COLUMBUS, Ohio - President Bush lashed out at Sen. John Kerry on Saturday for his stands on domestic programs ranging from retirement to health care, saying the Democrat is obstructing needed reforms that would give workers more control over their financial future...	0 1
0	Triangle Palestinians mourn  Palestinians in the Triangle mourned the death of the man they viewed as a father figure, even as they paused to consider a future without Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Arafat silence says it all  LONG before he left for medical treatment in France, Yasser Arafat had all but vanished from the streets of downtown Ramallah in the West Bank.	2
0	US Christian right exultant after Bush re-election (AFP)  AFP - The US Christian right took credit for helping President George W. Bush win re-election this week, in part by mobilizing its followers to vote for a ban on gay marriage in 11 of the 50 states.	0
0	Gush Katif settlers decry dictator #39;  Gush Katif settlers tried to appear nonchalant yesterday over the latest declarations by Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, but their statements grow harsher and the term  quot;dictator quot; keeps recurring.	4
1	The Ad That Beats Bush  he ad starts with Bush and his September 14, 2001, bullhorn. This time, though, it #39;s a Kerry commercial that reminds swing-state Americans of Bush #39;s blood vowprecisely three years agothat 	0
1	Enter a Category  com and wire reports contributed to this report. Bernard Kerik apologized to President Bush today after questions about the immigration status of a housekeeper-nanny 	0
0	Kerry Decries Bush Plan to Recall Troops  CINCINNATI - John Kerry, telling fellow combat veterans he's their "true brother in arms," said Wednesday that President Bush's plan to withdraw U.S. troops from Europe and Asia would weaken U.S...	0 1
0	Blair Heart Op Sparks Succession Debate   LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's Tony Blair went into hospital  on Friday for heart treatment -- but first sought to quell  speculation over his future by pledging to serve a full third  term if re-elected.	3
1	Two Members Of Bush Cabinet Resign  Attorney General John Ashcroft has resigned. Commerce Secretary Don Evans has resigned as well, just one week after President Bush was re-elected to a second term.	0
0	Arafat: Flawed figure lacked courage to make peace  Shakespeare, specialist in flawed heroes, would have had a field day with Yasser Arafat. His life, his secrecy-shrouded illness and his death in Paris on Thursday were rich with symbolism of the aching tragedy of missed potential.	2
3	Bush Allies May Defect Over Fiscal Proposals  As the White House opens a two-day conference to promote its second-term fiscal priorities, powerful interest groups that once supported Bush are either working to undercut him or are wary of his proposals.	0
0	Authenticity of Bush Memos Scrutinized  WASHINGTON - Questions are being raised about the authenticity of newly unearthed memos which asserted that George W. Bush ignored a direct order from a superior officer in the Texas Air National Guard and lost his status as a pilot because he failed to meet military performance standards and undergo a required physical exam...	0
0	Blair, Chirac agree on supporting peace in the Middle East  The British prime minister Tony Blair and the French President Jack Chirac admitted continued bilateral differences between their countries over Iraq, but they expressed satisfaction over what observers described as an attempt to close the file of this 	3
0	Arafat's Health Ills Add to List of Troubles   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Confined to his crumbling  headquarters, battered by internal unrest and frozen out of  Middle East diplomacy, Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat now  appears to be facing a new problem -- declining health.	2
0	Bush Environment Record an Issue in Nev. (AP)  AP - For environmentalists hoping to turn anger at President Bush into electoral votes for John Kerry, the biggest and perhaps only field of dreams is a nuclear waste dump site in Nevada.	0 1
0	Nader Emerging as the Threat Democrats Feared  Ralph Nader has the potential to tip the balance in nine states where President Bush and John Kerry are running neck and neck.	0 1
0	Arafat Relative Attacked, Escapes Unhurt  Moussa Arafat talks to the media after being appointed the head of the national security forces for the West Bank and Gaza, at his office in Gaza City, in this Saturday July 17, 2004 file photo.	2
0	Gunfire Erupts Near Interim Palestinian Leader  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip -- There #39;s word that one security guard is dead after gunfire erupted at a tent set up in the Gaza Strip for mourners to gather in memory of Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Bush Pledges Strong-Dollar Policy (AP)  AP - President Bush pledged Wednesday to work with Congress to reduce the United States' huge deficits to assure markets that his administration supports a strong dollar.	0
2	Kerry sees an omen and reflected glory in Red Sox triumph  America toasted its most romantic baseball team yesterday when the Boston Red Sox won the sport #39;s top prize, bringing a cry of delight from Senator John Kerry, the Democratic presidential 	1
0	'No Child Left Behind' Top Education Issue  WASHINGTON - President Bush asked for it. Sen...	0
0	Bush, Kerry Turn Focus to Domestic Policies (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush and Democratic challenger Sen. John Kerry turned their focus to domestic issues on Saturday, sparring over tax cuts and other economic policies as they campaigned in battleground states.	0 1
1	British Home Secretary in the spotlight over love affair  TONY EASTLEY: While Mark Latham shores up his leadership, John Howard certainly celebrates his, never so strong in his position. But for British Prime Minister, Tony Blair who #39;s expected to face an election by mid next year, there #39;s trouble afoot.	3
0	Blair to Urge Party Unity Under Iraq Cloud   BRIGHTON, England (Reuters) - Tony Blair will urge his  party on Tuesday to reunite for an election fight, seeking to  heal rifts over Iraq even as two more British soldiers die in  Basra and a hostage remains under threat of death.	3
1	Arafat condition improves, illness still a mystery  PARIS Palestinian officials say a medical report on Yasser Arafat #39;s condition will be issued tomorrow or Wednesday. They say he #39;s not suffering  quot;from any serious problem.	2
0	Jailed Barghouti to run in Palestinian presidential election  Jailed uprising leader Marwan Barghouti has decided to run in the Palestinian presidential election as an independent candidate to replace late Yasser Arafat,the local Ha #39;aretz daily reported Thursday.	2
0	Blair Defends War, Urges Labour to Unite (AP)  AP - Prime Minister Tony Blair, skirting a direct apology, acknowledged to his Labour Party Tuesday that intelligence used to justify the invasion of Iraq was wrong, but insisted the world was safer with Saddam Hussein in prison.	3
1	Delegates Split Over Blair #39;s Iraq Apology  For Tony Blair, sorry seems to be the hardest word. A day after the prime minister expressed regret about bad intelligence on Iraq, delegates at the Labour Party #39;s annual 	3
0	Bush's Address to U.N. Seeks Cooperation  NEW YORK - President Bush, trying to soften his image overseas as a heavy-handed unilateralist, is using his annual address to the United Nations to offer up a brighter vision of a planet with less hunger, disease and oppression.    Exactly six weeks before Election Day, Bush is equally concerned about his audience at home...	0
0	British prime minister to press Sudanese government on Darfur conflict (Canadian Press)  Canadian Press - KHARTOUM, Sudan (AP) - Sudan agrees to a joint withdrawal of government and rebel forces in Darfur and will accept a big increase in international ceasefire monitors, British Prime Minister Tony Blair said Wednesday after talks with the country's president.	3
3	Kerry win could mean cheaper oil -- analysts  Oil may cost as much as 10 percent less next year if US Democratic challenger Senator John Kerry defeats President Bush in Tuesday #39;s election, some energy analysts said on Monday.	0 1
0	Blair-Chirac focus on Iraq war  Tony Blair is holding talks with French president Jacques Chirac who is visiting London as part of centenary celebrations of the Entente Cordiale.	3
0	Bush Paints Rosy Picture of Iraq Situation (AP)  AP - President Bush on Saturday painted a rosy picture of the situation in Iraq, claiming significant progress in the U.S. military's battle in an insurgent stronghold.	0
1	Measuring the debate #39;s real impact  With one debate down and two to go, President Bush and Sen. John Kerry are entering a critical new phase of a race that has been recharged and, in some ways, reframed.	0 1
0	Israel to Pull Forces from Gaza Refugee Camp -Reports   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  decided on Thursday that Israeli forces could withdraw from a  teeming refugee camp in northern Gaza, media reports said.	4
0	Sharon Aide Nixes Palestinian State  JERUSALEM - The real objective of Ariel Sharon's offer to withdraw from the Gaza Strip and parts of the West Bank is to freeze Palestinian statehood indefinitely, with U.S. blessing, the prime minister's point man with the Bush administration acknowledged in an interview published Wednesday...	4
1	Thousands wail at Arafat #39;s burial  RAMALLAH, West Bank, (AFP) - The screaming, whooping hordes surged forward as an Egyptian helicopter bearing the body of the Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat touched down at his Muqataa compound in Ramallah.	2
1	US praises Pakistan #39;s effort on bin Laden  President Bush defended yesterday Pakistan #39;s cooperation in the hunt for Osama bin Laden despite the inability of US and Pakistani troops 	0
1	Sharon, Bolstered by Vote, Reaches Out to Labor Party  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon phoned the leader of the Labor Party, Shimon Peres, this morning and asked him to begin talks on forming a coalition government, Israel Radio reported.	4
0	Terrorism Must Be Fought Without Compromise, #39; Sharon Says  The bomb attacks in Egypt last week that killed 32 people, 13 of them Israelis, show that the war against terrorism must be fought without compromise, everywhere, #39; #39; Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said.	4
1	Blair, Chirac grapple with differences  LONDON - France #39;s President Jacques Chirac was in London on Thursday for discussions with British Prime Minister Tony Blair focusing on transatlantic relations and the Middle East peace process.	3
1	Battle: Where to bury Arafat  After four decades of conflict with Israel, Yasser Arafat seems destined to spark yet another battle in the event of his death. The 75-year-old guerrilla leader- turned-Palestinian 	2
1	Blair Tries To Shore Up Divisions In Labour Party Over Iraq War  In a powerful speech at the party #39;s annual conference yesterday, British Prime Minister Tony Blair confronted the opposition to the Iraq war within his own ruling Labour Party and promised a third term in office.	3
3	Blair moves from welfare state to opportunity society  Tony Blair will today set out plans for radical reform of the welfare state ahead of a highly critical report on the Government #39;s record on pensions.	3
0	CIA Nominee Promises to Shed Partisanship  WASHINGTON - President Bush's nominee to head the CIA promised Tuesday to shed his political past and provide precise, objective and independent intelligence to the president and Congress. But he also cautioned it may take longer than the past CIA director's estimate to hire and train all the operatives needed worldwide to combat terrorism and other threats...	0
0	Five Palestinians killed Israeli attack that targeted Hamas activist in Gaza City  JERUSALEM Israel set off a mysterious explosion in an olive grove near the house of a senior Hamas activist Wednesday, killing five Palestinians and wounding seven. The strike came just before Prime Minister Ariel Sharon faced a key party test linked to ...	4
1	Kerry vs. Bush: The Health Care Debate  President Bush and Democratic candidate Sen. John F. Kerry have decidedly different ideas about how Americans #39; health care should be managed and paid for.	0 1
0	Israel Plans for Arafat Burial in Gaza  Candles and flowers surround a portrait of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat in front of the Percy Military Teaching hospital in Clamart outside Paris Saturday, Nov. 6, 2004.	2
0	Blair Back Home After Successful Operation (AP)  AP - Prime Minister Tony Blair arrived home Friday after a successful operation to correct an irregular heartbeat, and doctors expected him to make a "rapid and complete recovery" with a very low risk of recurrence.	3
1	Bush and Kerry sprint toward the finish line  MILWAUKEE - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry reached for the finish line Tuesday in a campaign for the ages, each claiming to be the strong, steady leader needed in a time of terrorism.	0 1
0	Viewers See Cheney-Edwards Debate As Draw  CLEVELAND - Dick Cheney and John Edwards slugged it out over jobs, judgment and Iraq in a hard-hitting debate that set the stage for President Bush's speech Wednesday denouncing his Democratic rival's record on national security.    Their debate Tuesday night was largely a draw, moving the attention once again to their bosses in the second presidential showdown Friday night...	0
0	Candidates Spar on Iraq, Terrorism War  President Bush and Democratic challenger John F. Kerry lunged into the final two weeks of the 2004 presidential campaign on Monday by feuding feverishly over the Iraq war and the fight against terrorists.	0
1	Reading Bush #39;s Reshuffle  Turns out it #39;s really shaping up to be a second-term shakeup. With Secretary of State Colin L. Powell leading three other Cabinet officers out the door on Nov. 15, the recasting of the Bush Administration is well underway.	0
0	LA Times chides Bush for self-justification  WASHINGTON: US President George W Bush on Wednesday received a rap across the knuckles from the Los Angeles Times which observed that he might have done better at wooing broader international 	0
1	John Kerry #39;s soldier-smearing  It #39;s late August, and someone in America decided it #39;s time to scrutinize John Kerry #39;s life story on television. For a week in Boston, John F. Kerry wrapped himself around a war effort 	1
0	North Korea denounces  #39;tyrant #39; Bush  North Korea yesterday called President Bush an  quot;imbecile quot; and  quot;a tyrant that puts Hitler into the shade quot; in a stream of insults that seemed to rule out any progress on nuclear disarmament talks before the US presidential elections.	0
0	Sharon Says Iran Doing All to Get Nuclear Weapons (Reuters)  Reuters - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon accused arch-foe Iran Monday of doing everything it could to obtain nuclear weapons.	4
1	NOW Demands Thorough Inquiry of Attorney General Nomination  George W. Bush announced that he will nominate Alberto Gonzales, current White House counsel and a trusted advisor from his days in Texas, to replace John Ashcroft as the nation #39;s top law enforcement official.	0
0	Britain's combative Blair refuses to apologise for Iraq conflict (AFP)  AFP - A combative Prime Minister Tony Blair refused to apologise for taking Britain into the Iraq war, as he rallied his governing Labour Party to unite and win a third straight term in a general election likely to take place in 2005.	3
0	Palestinians to Elect Arafat Successor on Jan. 9  Palestinians set Jan. 9 as the date for presidential elections to replace Yasser Arafat on Sunday while the United States hinted it may be ready to resume Middle East peacemaking.	2
0	Israel PM invites Labour to talks  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon invites Labour leader Shimon Peres to start talks on the formation of a coalition.	4
0	Analysis: 8 States May Decide Election  WASHINGTON - Eight states worth just 99 electoral votes are up for grabs in the closely fought presidential race, with the White House going to whoever conquers this shrinking battlefield.    While another dozen states could come into play if either candidate breaks open the race, President Bush and Democratic Sen...	0
0	Authenticity of Bush Memos Scrutinized  WASHINGTON - Questions are being raised about the authenticity of newly unearthed memos which asserted that George W. Bush ignored a direct order from a superior officer in the Texas Air National Guard and lost his status as a pilot because he failed to meet military performance standards and undergo a required physical exam...	0
1	Match for Kerry, masks for Bush  Washington, Nov. 1: John Kerry will be the next President of the US, if American political lore is of any help in this confusing presidential election on the eve of polling.	1
0	The Irony Of Arafat  Yasser Arafat died as the leader of a country that does not yet exist, and therein lies the tragic nature of the former leader and the ongoing tragedy of the people of Palestine.	2
0	Sinclair to Show Only Part of Kerry Film (AP)  AP - A documentary critical of John Kerry's Vietnam-era anti-war activities will be shown only in part during a program examining the use of such documentaries to influence elections, Sinclair Broadcast said Tuesday.	1
0	Israeli Coalition on Verge of Collapse Over Budget   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's  coalition faced possible collapse on Wednesday as a budget vote  was likely to force him to remake his government or call  elections that would imperil his Gaza withdrawal plan.	4
1	Bush forced to stop singing  #39;Still the One #39;  American President George Bush has been forced to stop using the 1970 #39;s pop anthem  #39;Still The One, #39; for his election campaign as the song #39;s writer, John Hall, says that not only was the song being used without his permission, he would rather have Bush #39;s 	0
0	Isolated Sharon attempts to win over a party bitterly divided by <b>...</b>  In a speech continually interrupted by extreme right-wing hecklers, Ariel Sharon said yesterday that as a minister and a soldier who had fought in every Israeli war he had never taken a more difficult decision.	4
1	Thompson Becomes Eighth Member of Bush Cabinet to Step Down  Tommy G. Thompson resigned today as secretary of health and human services, becoming the eighth member of President Bush #39;s Cabinet to quit as Mr.	0
0	Sharon pleased with drop in terror attacks  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is pleased with recent results in the fight against terror, but says the fight will continue uncompromisingly.	4
0	Israel blocking Arafat burial in Jerusalem  Jerusalem - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has reaffirmed that he would block moves to bury Yasser Arafat in Jerusalem, public radio reported Thursday as medical sources said the Palestinian leader was clinically dead.	2 4
1	Chirac and Blair discuss hopes of repairing ties  French President Jacques Chirac met with British Prime Minister Tony Blair Thursday for talks on improving trans-Atlantic relations and the importance of pushing forward the Middle East peace process.	3
1	A hero, a monster, a Mideast icon  As peace between Israel and the Palestinians waxed and waned over the decades, there was one constant amid the tumult: Yasser Arafat was at its centre.	2
0	Kerry's Undeclared War  John Kerry has a thoughtful, forward-looking theory about terrorism and how to fight it. But can it resonate with Americans in the post-9/11 world?	1
0	Defiant Bush demands UN do more to help Iraq (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush defiantly told the United Nations that the war in Iraq was justified and demanded more UN action to help end the deadly chaos that has followed the US-led invasion.	0
1	Blair can #39;t escape Iraq cloud at Labour meeting  The image of a British hostage in Iraq pleading for his life in a video released on Wednesday is certainly not helping Prime Minister Tony Blair efforts to escape the shadow of Iraq 	3
1	Bush? Kerry? It Makes No Difference to Iraqis  Some see US presidential challenger Senator John Kerry as an articulate war hero with credentials to lead a superpower, others are grateful President Bush toppled Saddam Hussein.	0 1
1	Experts dispute memos of Bush #39;s military record  WASHINGTON - Documentation experts are raising questions about the authenticity of memos unearthed earlier this week that claim US President George W Bush shirked his National Guard duties more than 30 years ago.	0
1	Arafat laid to rest in Ramallah  HAMISH ROBERTSON: First this morning to the sound of gunfire and the roar of more than 100,000 Palestinian mourners. Yasser Arafat has been laid to rest in the grounds of his headquarters in Ramallah.	2
1	Arafat #39;s medical records handed over  The medical records of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat who died of multiple organ failure have been handed over to his widow Suha Arafat, who has got the file from the Percy military hospital in Paris, where her husband died.	2
0	Blair attends service for Bigley  Prime Minister Tony Blair has attended a multi-faith memorial service for Kenneth Bigley, the hostage who was beheaded by Iraqi militants last month re-igniting anti-war feelings across the country.	3
0	Bush Announces Plan to Realign Thousands of Troops  President Bush today announced plans to shift 60,000 to 70,000 U.S. troops who are now stationed in Europe and Asia.	0
0	Bush Announces Plan for Troop Realignment  WASHINGTON - President Bush's plan to restructure U.S. military forces abroad includes bringing two Army divisions home from Cold War-era bases in Germany, and increasing the U.S...	0
0	Kerry leading Bush in key swing states (AFP)  AFP - Although polls show the US presidential race a virtual dead heat, Democrat John Kerry appears to be gaining an edge over George W. Bush among the key states that could decide the outcome.	0 1
0	The government #39;s troubled relationships  On the face of it, the facts of British politics are obvious enough. Tony Blair #39;s government is unpopular; Britain is mired in what is widely perceived to be an illegitimate war in Iraq; and 	3
0	Bush warns Putin of dangers to democracy  US President George W. Bush on Wednesday delivered a rare public rebuke to President Vladimir Putin, warning that he risked undermining democracy in Russia by centralising power.	0
3	Bush Health Savings Accounts Slow to Gain Acceptance  So far employers and their workers have been slow to accept health savings accounts as an alternative to conventional health insurance.	0
0	Israel's Shas Party to Vote Against Gaza Pullout   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - The spiritual leader of Israel's  influential Shas party ordered its 11 lawmakers on Saturday to  vote against Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's plan to withdraw  from the Gaza Strip.	4
0	Some of Bush Fund-Raisers Got Appointments (AP)  AP - One-third of President Bush's top 2000 fund-raisers or their spouses were appointed to positions in his first administration, from ambassadorships in Europe to seats on policy-setting boards, an Associated Press review found.	0
0	French Doctors Examine Seriously Ill Arafat   CLAMART, France (Reuters) - Palestinian leader Yasser  Arafat, who doctors say may have leukemia, was conscious and in  "good shape" at a French hospital on Friday after leaving the  West Bank for the first time in more than 2-1/2 years.	2
0	Sharon raises the possibility of an early election  ELEANOR HALL: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has warned he might call early elections, following a major setback to his plans to withdraw Israeli settlers and troops from the Gaza Strip. 	4
0	Rice Has Surgery for Noncancerous Growths (AP)  AP - Condoleezza Rice, President Bush's choice to be the next secretary of state, underwent surgery Friday to treat noncancerous growths in the uterus, a White House official said.	0
0	Conflicting rumors, conflicted emotions  As Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat lay in a Paris hospital Friday, rumors about his condition were nearly as thick as the rich Arab coffee that has fueled many a debate about his life and legacy.	2
0	Bush Slams Kerry on Iraq Funding Vote  SUNRISE, Fla. - President Bush on Saturday questioned Sen...	0
1	Health of Arafat said to deteriorate  The health of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat deteriorated yesterday, and Palestinian doctors were rushed to his Ramallah compound in the 	2
1	Bush hails re-election of Iraq ally Howard  The Bush administration has gotten a boost from an improving employment picture in Australia, which was being credited by analysts yesterday for a solid weekend re-election 	0
3	On the plate of the victor  Even before George W. Bush or John F. Kerry stands and takes the oath of office as president Jan. 20, his economic agenda has been set by a combination of global forces, domestic politics and an unyielding calendar.	0
0	U.S. Vets Make Case for Kerry in Vietnam (AP)  AP - Vietnam veterans supporting John Kerry for president made their case Friday in the heart of what was once enemy territory.	1
1	EPA chief Leavitt tapped for Cabinet  President Bush yesterday tapped Mike Leavitt, chief of the Environmental Protection Agency, to be his next secretary of health and human services 	0
0	Bush, Kerry Bow to McCain's Wishes on Ads  NEW YORK - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry bowed to the wishes of popular maverick John McCain on Thursday, as the president embraced the Republican senator's legal fight against big-money special interest groups airing negative ads and the Democratic nominee scrapped a commercial that featured McCain...	0 1
1	Bush blasts Kerry in Iraq explosives flap  President Bush says John Kerry #39;s putting politics ahead of truth in the case of the missing explosives in Iraq. The Democrat has accused the administration of incompetence for failing to safeguard the explosives, stored at a site south of Baghdad.	0 1
2	Red Sox pitcher cancels plans to appear with Bush  There were some disappointed Red Sox fans at President Bushs rallies Friday in New Hampshire. Sox pitcher Curt Schilling was to have appeared with Bush at two events, but he canceled.	0
1	Arafat #39;s records show no poison  PARIS - Yasser Arafat #39;s medical records don #39;t show the cause of the Palestinian leader #39;s death, his nephew said on Monday, but they appear to rule out poison.	2
0	Bush commercial angers Iraq #39;s soccer Olympians  THESSALONIKI, GreeceSaying their  quot;occupied quot; country should not be held up as a symbol of freedom, the coach and several players of Iraq #39;s celebrated soccer team are furious over a campaign commercial for US President George W. Bush.	0
1	Kerry campaigns with Clinton  (Philadelphia-AP) Oct. 25, 2004 - With just a week left in the presidential campaign Democratic nominee John Kerry got help Monday from a former President Bill Clinton.	1
0	UK #39;s Blunkett quits office  Tony Blair #39;s government was left staggering months from a general election Wednesday night after the prime minister #39;s hard-hitting ally, David Blunkett, resigned as home secretary.	3
1	Bush Ups Pressure on Congress to Pass Intel Reform  President Bush stepped up pressure on Congress on Saturday to approve an overhaul of the nation #39;s intelligence operations, just two days before lawmakers return to try again to approve the reforms.	0
1	John Kerry: One-On-One Interview  (Sept. 16) -- Democratic Presidential Candidate John Kerry makes a campaign stop here in Las Vegas. Kerry spoke Thursday afternoon before 3,000 National Guardsmen from around the nation.	1
1	Tony Blair To Undergo Surgery  British Prime Minister Tony Blair said he would undergo a routine operation Friday to correct an irregular heartbeat. Blair announced the plans for the medical procedure Thursday night, just hours after 	3
1	Cocco: Debate shows up candidates #39; differences  President George W. Bush and Democrat John Kerry came as close as they could to throwing away the tightly scripted rules their two campaigns had negotiated for the first presidential debate in Miami last night.	0 1
1	Bush to rely on attack as best form of defence  George Bush plans to unleash a withering attack on his Democratic challenger in their debate rematch in Missouri tonight, scourging John Kerry #39;s record in the Senate to argue that he would be a dangerous leader.	1
0	Kerry Presidency May Shift U.S. Politics (AP)  AP - If Sen. John Kerry is elected, his presidency is likely to bring a sharp shift in White House direction  #151; along with pragmatic backpedaling on some of his boldest campaign promises.	1
0	Pelosi: Dems Ready to Work With Bush (AP)  AP - Days after her party lost congressional seats and the White House race, California Rep. Nancy Pelosi struck a conciliatory tone, saying House Democrats "stand ready to work with" President Bush in his second term.	0
3	Bush victory will buoy market, at least in short term  Now that President Bush has been re-elected and the Republicans have increased their majorities in both houses of Congress, what does it mean to American investors?	0
0	Europeans mourn tsunami dead with thousands more missing (AFP)  AFP - A week after thousands of European holidaymakers went missing in Asian killer waves, hope was fading that they will ever be found but European countries were giving generously to alleviate what British Prime Minister Tony Blair called a "global catastrophe".	3
0	US dismisses North Korea #39;s personal attacks on Bush as  quot; <b>...</b>  The United States on Monday dismissed as inappropriate North Korea #39;s unusually strong personal attacks on President George W. Bush, but remained confident Pyongyang would attend talks to resolve the nuclear crisis in the Korean peninsula.	0
1	Powell on Middle East Diplomacy Mission  US secretary of state Colin Powell is holding talks with Israeli and Palestinian leaders today, in a bid to revive Middle East diplomacy after the death of Yasser Arafat.	2
0	U.S. says UN, Africa and Sudan itself hold solution to Darfur crisis (Canadian Press)  Canadian Press - WASHINGTON (AP) - The key to stopping the ethnic violence in western Sudan rests not with the United States alone but with the United Nations, other African countries and Sudan itself, President George W. Bush's foreign policy advisers said Sunday.	0
0	Arafat 'Very Sick,' Palestinian Leaders Summoned (Reuters)  Reuters - Palestinian President Yasser Arafat's health has worsened sharply and he is slipping in and out of consciousness at his besieged West Bank headquarters, officials and medics said Thursday.	2
0	A Dreamer Who Forced His Cause Onto World Stage   For virtually his entire adult life, Yasser Arafat had one dream, and he pursued it with such energy and zeal -- some would say fanaticism -- that he came to personify the dream itself.	2
1	Bush Pledges To Earn The Support Of All Americans  Less than an hour after Senator John Kerry conceded the 2004 election, President George W. Bush was finally able to say something his father never could:  quot;A new term is a new opportunity to reach out to a nation, quot; he said.	0 1
0	U.S. Vets Make Case for Kerry in Vietnam (AP)  AP - Vietnam veterans supporting John Kerry for president made their case Friday in the heart of what was once enemy territory.	1
0	No Sign of Deal on Intelligence Reform (AP)  AP - The fate of an overhaul of U.S. intelligence agencies rests with President Bush, who must exert more pressure on holdout Republicans if he wants compromise legislation to pass this year, a lead Senate negotiator said Sunday.	0
0	US law promises help to N Koreans  President Bush signs a law offering support for human rights groups in North Korea and refugees who leave.	0
1	Israel Allows Doctors to Visit Arafat  A team of Tunisian doctors has been granted permission to examine Yasir Arafat, who has been suffering from the flu, an Israeli official said Saturday.	2
3	Bush hands firms  $140bn in tax breaks  US president George W Bush had repealed an internationally disputed export tax subsidy but lavished  $140 billion (R868 billion) in new tax breaks on corporations.	0
1	Bush, Kerry court voters in battleground states  The rivals for the White House were campaigning non-stop today - President Bush took a whirlwind tour through Pennsylvania, Ohio, and Florida while Sen. John Kerry stumped in Wisconsin and Nevada.	0 1
0	Blair #39;s Silence Is  #39;Kiss of Death #39; for Hostage  The silence of Prime Minister Tony Blair is the kiss of death for British hostage Ken Bigley, his brother claimed tonight. Paul Bigley, who dramatically 	3
0	Debates Promise Clash of Styles (AP)  AP - This fall's presidential debates will pit George W. Bush's folksy manner and big-picture brand of policymaking against John Kerry's more cerebral outlook and nuanced world view.	0 1
0	Ariel Sharon Calls for Expansion of Army's Gaza Raid   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said  Saturday that Israel should expand its massive raid of northern  Gaza, the army's biggest and deadliest offensive in more than  four years of conflict with the Palestinians.	4
1	UK #39;s Blair Attacks Opponents of Iraq War After Grave Found  UK Prime Minister Tony Blair attacked opponents of his decision to take the nation to war in Iraq, saying allowing Saddam Hussein to remain in power would have risked the murder of more Iraqis.	3
1	Ad Invokes Terror Threat to Assail Kerry  A conservative group backed by two fundraisers for President Bush has launched an ad attacking Sen. John F. Kerry (D-Mass.) that shows pictures of Osama bin Laden, hijacker Mohamed Atta, Russian 	0
1	FBI has briefed, interviewed high-ranking Defense, State officials <b>...</b>  High-ranking officials at the Pentagon and State Department have been interviewed or briefed by FBI agents investigating a Defense Department analyst suspected of passing to Israel classified Bush administration materials on Iran.	0
0	Bush Says He's Best Protection From Draft  DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. - President Bush turned the tables Saturday on Sen...	0
1	Bush on Kerry:  #39;Who #39;s He Trying to Kid? #39;  President Bush scoffed on Saturday at Democrat John Kerry #39;s claim he has had only one position on Iraq and would not raise taxes on middle-class Americans as Bush sought 	0 1
0	Suicide Bomber Kills 3 in Israel with Arafat Abroad  A Palestinian teenager blew himself up an open-air market in Tel Aviv on Monday, killing three people in a show of strength by militants three days after Yasser Arafat was airlifted to France for urgent medical care.	2
0	Graphic Designer Fired After Heckling Bush  MARTINSBURG, W.Va. - A man who heckled President Bush at a political rally was fired from his job at an advertising and design company...	0
1	Kerry accuses Bush of silence on missing explosives, war cost  US Democratic candidate John Kerry on Tuesday accused President George W. Bush of not being straightforward with the American people with the reality of the Iraq war, saying the president was hiding bad decisions.	0 1
0	Tuesday -  #39;D-Day for Northern Ireland Peace Deal #39;  The success of a deal to revive power sharing in Northern Ireland lies in the hands of Tony Blair and Bertie Ahern, they were told tonight.	3
0	China blasts Bush as  #39;arrogant #39; ahead of presidential poll  China criticized US President George W. Bush #39;s war on Iraq yesterday, accusing an  quot;arrogant quot; United States of trying to  quot;rule the world quot; and blaming the US-led invasion for sparking an increase in terrorist attacks.	0
1	Blair lists demands on the situation in Darfur  Prime Minister Tony Blair held talks with Sudanese leadership, pressuring him to end what he described as the  quot;terrible quot; situation in the war-torn region of Darfur.	3
0	Iraq captors repeat Bigley tactics  British-Iraqi aid worker Margaret Hassan #39;s captors have released a tape of her pleading for Tony Blair to save her life, repeating a tactic used with political effect in the case of slain hostage Kenneth Bigley.	3
0	Farewell to American friends  President Bush #39;s plan to begin pulling most of the US troops out of Europe nearly fifteen years after the fall of the Berlin Wall has many Germans worried. 	0
1	Swarms Of Palestinians Honor Arafat As He #39;s Buried In Ramallah  Palestinians say they #39;ll honor Arafat #39;s request by burying him in Jerusalem in the future. A checkered head scarf arranged the way Arafat wore his is planted on a stick at the grave.	2
0	Lawsuit Uncovers New Bush Guard Records  WASHINGTON - Months after insisting it could find no more records of President Bush's Air National Guard service, the Defense Department has released more than two dozen pages of files, including Bush's report card for flight training and dates of his flights.    The records, released under pressure of a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit by The Associated Press, show Bush ranked in the middle of his 1969 flight training class and flew 336 hours for the Texas Air National Guard, mostly in the F-102A fighter...	0
0	Kerry Pulls Ahead of Bush in Newsweek Poll (Reuters)  Reuters - Democrat challenger John Kerry has pulled ahead of President Bush in a poll published by Newsweek magazine showing Thursday's television debate erased the lead Bush had enjoyed for the last month.	0 1
0	North Korea Says the Tyrant is Bush, not Kim  North Korea says it sees no reason to join a working-level meeting with the United States to prepare for further six-party talks on the communist state #39;s nuclear weapons development.	0
1	Iraq  #39;spin #39; a sin: Kerry  Sen. John Kerry accused President Bush yesterday of covering up the growing threat to US troops in Iraq and  quot;living in a fantasy world of spin.	0 1
1	Hostage begs Britain to pull its troops out  Baghdad -- Kidnapped aid official Margaret Hassan, pleading for her life between terrified sobs, appeared on a videotape Friday urging British Prime Minister Tony Blair to abandon Iraq and not to assist the United States in preparing for an assault on 	3
0	GOP Wants Bush to Draw Attention Off Iraq  NEW YORK - Nervous Republicans are urging President Bush to unveil a robust second-term agenda at his convention next week to shift voters' focus from the unpopular war in Iraq and other issues that are a distraction to his re-election drive. Some contend the party should ditch the GOP-fueled controversy over rival John Kerry's combat record in Vietnam...	0 1
1	Campaign 2004: Kerrys Clutch Win: By BOB BURNETT  As the time for the big debate grew near, Democratic partisans acknowledged that it would be an all or nothing event for John Kerry.	1
0	Democrat Seeks Probe of Bush Aides' Travel (AP)  AP - The chairwoman of the House Democrats' homeland security task force is asking Congress' independent auditors to examine travel by senior Bush administration officials in light of recent trips to hotly contested states in the 2004 presidential election.	0
0	Powell on Middle East Diplomacy Mission  US secretary of state Colin Powell is holding talks with Israeli and Palestinian leaders today, in a bid to revive Middle East diplomacy after the death of Yasser Arafat.	2
1	Troops home in four years, vows Kerry  DEMOCRAT presidential candidate John Kerry said yesterday he aimed to get US troops out of Iraq within four years as the number of Americans killed in the conflict neared 1000.	1
1	Rather Again Finds Himself As News Maker (AP)  AP - From his pitched exchange with President Bush's father to bizarre incidents like his 1986 mugging, Dan Rather has become the news with uncomfortable frequency during his four decades at CBS.	0
0	Hurricanes Slow Fla. Presidential Campaign (AP)  AP - The four hurricanes that pounded Florida this season froze the state's presidential campaign in place, with President Bush fighting to keep Florida in his column amid voter concerns about Iraq and the local economy.	0
0	Bush Tells Mich. Crowd Economy Improving (AP)  AP - President Bush voiced sympathy on Monday for this industrial state's economic distress but told a receptive northern Michigan audience that conditions are improving.	0
0	Bush, Kerry Talk Tough on Oil, Terror  DENVER - In a last-minute flurry of accusations before their final debate, John Kerry tried to tie President Bush to record oil prices while the president charged that his Democratic opponent has totally misunderstood the war on terror.    On the way to the debate that will range over domestic issues from the economy to health care, Bush is reaching out to military supporters in Colorado Springs, where the war in Iraq is the chief concern...	0 1
0	Bush, Kerry in final sprint of acrimonious contest (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush and his Democratic challenger John Kerry hit the campaign trail hard on the final straight of an increasingly vicious neck-and-neck race for the White House.	0 1
1	Israel ready for Gaza withdrawal  JERUSALEM - Israel is prepared to coordinate its pullout from Gaza with a new Palestinian government, officials said Sunday, a shift from Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s concept of  quot;unilateral disengagement quot; and a sign that cooperation may be restored in 	4
0	Sharon Rejects Vote for Gaza Strip Withdraw  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has rejected calls from Jewish settlers to hold a countrywide referendum on his plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip.	4
0	Sharon Vows to Expand Gaza Raid, Toll Hits 55   GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli leader Ariel Sharon vowed on  Sunday to widen an offensive into Gaza which has killed 55  Palestinians until militants stop firing rockets that have  fueled criticism of his plan to quit the occupied strip.	4
0	S. Korea, US agree to step up efforts to resume N. Korea nuke <b>...</b>  SEOUL - US President George W. Bush and his South Korean counterpart Roh Moo-Hyun have agreed to step up efforts to resume multilateral talks aimed to end North Koreas nuclear weapons programme, officials said on Saturday.	0
0	Democrats step up attacks on Bush's military record (AFP)  AFP - George W. Bush and his White House challenger John Kerry traded shots over Iraq as the Democrats stepped up their attacks on the president's military record and fitness to command for four more years.	0 1
0	Senior British cabinet minister David Blunkett resigns in fallout <b>...</b>  Britain #39;s top law-enforcement officer, a key member of Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s cabinet, resigned on Wednesday after acknowledging that his department had fast-tracked a visa for his former lover #39;s nanny.	3
0	Blair to meet Allawi for talks at No 10  Prime Minister Tony Blair is due to hold talks with Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi at Downing Street. Their meeting comes after Mr Blair played down claims that he had been warned a year before the war to 	3
3	Bush to Avoid Sneak Peek at Jobs Data   WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Financial markets may be all ears on  Thursday night for hints about August job growth from President  Bush, but they will be listening in vain since he plans to  purposely avoid an early peek.	0
0	Thousands Hit NYC Streets; Cheney Arrives  NEW YORK - Tens of thousands of demonstrators marched past a heavily fortified Republican convention hall on Sunday, chanting denunciations of the Bush administration and the war in Iraq as delegates flocked to the city to nominate President Bush for four more years in the White House.    Vice President Dick Cheney campaigned his way into the convention city three days ahead of the president, praising him as "calm in a crisis, comfortable with responsibility and determined to do everything needed to protect our people." He spoke on Ellis Island, framed by a Manhattan skyline altered irrevocably by terrorism...	0
0	Arafat #39;s medical records handed over  The medical records of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat who died of multiple organ failure have been handed over to his widow Suha Arafat, who has got the file from the Percy military hospital in Paris, where her husband died.	2
1	Littwin: Iraq will determine outcome of election  No, it took almost forever. (Sort of like the way John Kerry answers a question - any question.  quot;No. 1, quot; he begins, and you settle deep into your chair, betting among your friends which number he #39;s going to end on.	1
0	Blair gives partial Iraq apology  Tony Blair has offered his Labour party a partial apology for waging war in Iraq, striving to pull angry supporters behind him ahead of an election next year.	3
0	Dole Questions Kerry's Vietnam Wounds  CRAWFORD, Texas - Former Republican Sen. Bob Dole suggested Sunday that John Kerry apologize for past testimony before Congress about alleged atrocities during the Vietnam War and joined critics of the Democratic presidential candidate who say he received an early exit from combat for "superficial wounds."   Dole also called on Kerry to release all the records of his service in Vietnam...	1
1	Bush back in the Midwest  On Thursday, President Bush thrilled Republican delegates in New York with his acceptance speech. On Friday morning, he got a welcome jobs report.	0
0	Mixed reactions in Mid-East  THE prospect of George W. Bush spending four more years in the White House drew mixed reactions and a dose of caution in the troubled Middle East today.	0
0	Bush and Kerry Prepare for Final TV Duel  TEMPE, Ariz. - Jobs, health care and other concerns of daily life will likely be focal points as President Bush and challenger John Kerry meet Wednesday for their third and final debate...	0 1
1	Israel security cabinet approves settlers compensation advances  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s security cabinet voted 9-1 Tuesday to approve a range of proposals governing evacuation and compensation of settlers under the so-called  quot;disengagement quot; initiative.	4
0	Blair, Bush to Meet as Middle East Issues Loom  British Prime Minister Tony Blair, who has pushed for progress on Middle East peace talks and is one of the United States #39; closest allies, will meet with President Bush next week, the White House said on Saturday.	0 3
1	In Guard Speech, Bush Says He Is Proud of His Service  Speaking to National Guard members and veterans at a politically charged moment, President Bush acknowledged on Tuesday the hardships that the war in Iraq had caused 	0
1	Elizabeth Edwards to Undergo More Tests  Sen. John Edwards and his wife Elizabeth acknowledge supporters following Sen. John Kerry #39;s concession speech at Faneuil Hall in Boston on Wednesday, Nov. 3, 2004.	1
0	Soldier, 4 Militants Die in Renewed Gaza Fighting   GAZA (Reuters) - Four Palestinian militants and an Israeli  soldier were killed Tuesday in the heaviest Gaza fighting since  Yasser Arafat's death, raising the prospect that renewed  violence could complicate a vote for his successor.	2
1	Bush Makes First Official Visit to Canada  President Bush is on his way to Canada for a two-day trip that will mark his first official visit to America #39;s northern neighbor.	0
0	AP: Bush Faults Kerry for Scare Tactics  ABOARD AIR FORCE ONE - President Bush on Monday accused Democratic rival Sen. John Kerry of "shameless scare tactics" by suggesting that the president would jeopardize Social Security for older Americans and bring back the military draft for young people...	0 1
0	Israel's Top Court Upholds Dropping of Sharon Case (Reuters)  Reuters - Israel's High Court said on Thursday it was upholding a decision by the country's attorney-general to drop a bribery case against Prime Minister Ariel Sharon.	4
1	Moore Reads 'My Pet Goat' to Audience (AP)  AP - Documentarian and liberal rabble-rouser Michael Moore kicked off a 62-speech, pre-election tour Monday with a relatively subtle dig at President Bush.	0
1	Kerry, Bush Fighting Hard for Ohio #39;s Votes  Description: NPR #39;s Mike Pesca talks with voters in the swing state of Ohio, where both Sen. John Kerry and President Bush have campaigned hard this week to woo voters.	0 1
0	Bush: I'll Protect U.S. From Terrorists (AP)  AP - On the road and on the airwaves, President Bush is trying to paint this year's presidential race as a black-and-white decision for voters.	0
1	Kerry attacks Bush and Cheney #39;s oil links  With barely six weeks until election day, a struggling John Kerry has finally taken the gloves off, accusing President George Bush of deceiving American troops in Iraq, and 	0 1
0	Bush: I would accept Islamic Iraq  The US president says he would accept the will of the people of Iraq if they voted to create an Islamic government.	0
0	Israeli cabinet approves compensation for Gaza settlers  The Israeli Cabinet today approved a Bill to compensate settlers who are to be uprooted from their homes under Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Gaza pullout plan, public radio reported.	4
1	Chained captive renews plea to Blair  BAGHDAD: A chained British hostage in Iraq begged Tony Blair for help yesterday, cranking up the emotional pressure on the prime minister as Italians celebrated the release of two women aid workers after paying a ransom.	3
1	London Artist #39;s Video on Texas Wins the Turner Prize  The creator of a video work offering, among other things, a slice of life in President Bush #39;s favorite diner in Crawford, Tex.	0
0	Britain #39;s Blair left with political headache after key minister <b>...</b>  LONDON (AFP) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair was leaving for a key summit after a rapid and deeply unwelcome reorganisation of his government following the resignation of respected interior minister David Blunkett.	3
1	Debate on Iraq intensifies in campaign  Iraq continues to take center stage this week in the campaign, with Vice President Dick Cheney charging that Democrat John Kerry would not aggressively fight the war against terror and Kerry #39;s running mate accusing President Bush of 	0 1
0	Straw holds talks in West Bank  British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw has pledged support for the smooth running of elections to replace Yasser Arafat as he laid a wreath on the tomb of the late Palestinian leader.	2
0	Israel Invites Bids in Construction Plan (AP)  AP - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has approved bids for construction of 1,000 homes in Jewish West Bank settlements after freezing them earlier this month, amid growing friction with the United States over continued settlement expansion.	4
1	CBS News Anchor Dan Rather Resigns After 24 Years   NEW YORK (Reuters) - Veteran newsman Dan Rather, embroiled  in a pre-election scandal over a story challenging President  Bush's military service, said on Tuesday he will step down as  the CBS television network's top news anchor.	0
0	Polls say Kerry narrowly won US election debate (AFP)  AFP - Snap polls taken after the second US presidential election debate said Senator John Kerry narrowly beat President George W. Bush.	0 1
0	Nephew: Suspicions About Arafat's Death (AP)  AP - Yasser Arafat's nephew said Saturday the lack of a clear reason for his uncle's death raised suspicions the Palestinian leader died of "unnatural" causes.	2
1	Senate Approves Goss to Head CIA  The US Senate approved the nomination of US Representative Porter J. Goss to head the Central Intelligence Agency Wednesday. By a vote of 77-17 , the Senate gave President Bush #39;s nominee swift approval after 	0
1	Hated, feared or loved, Arafat was both terrorist and hero  I remember vividly the bearded man with dark glasses and his Arab headdress haranguing the masses on a West Beirut campus in the early 1970s.	2
0	Israel's Peres Urges Likud Hardliners to Back Coalition (Reuters)  Reuters - Labour Party chief Shimon Peres appealed to hard-liners in Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's Likud on Friday to drop their opposition to forging a unity coalition seen as vital to keeping Israel's Gaza withdrawal on track.	4
0	Bush Taunts Kerry, Tests Debate Lines  COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. - President Bush taunted Democratic rival John Kerry and tested debate lines before friendly audiences in Colorado and Arizona on Tuesday while Kerry crammed in private for Wednesday night's final faceoff of the campaign...	0 1
1	Sharon #39;s Plan  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is pushing forward his unilateral  quot;disengagement quot; plan which calls for the withdrawal of Israeli forces and the dismantling of settlements in the Gaza strip and parts of the West Bank.	4
0	White House on Defensive After Bremer Talk  WASHINGTON - The White House staunchly defended its Iraq policy Tuesday as new questions emerged about President Bush's prewar decisions and postwar planning: An impending weapons report undercut the administration's main rationale for the war, and the former head of the American occupation said the United States had too few troops in Iraq after the invasion.    Four weeks before Election Day, Democrat John Kerry pounced on the acknowledgment by former Iraq administrator Paul Bremer that the United States had "paid a big price" for insufficient troop levels...	0
3	Labor situation deserves honest talk  For a moment last week, President Bush escaped the White House spin chamber and was the plainspoken man much of the nation came to like four years ago.	0
0	Chirac belatedly calls Bush over win  PARIS -- France's president, Jacques Chirac, finally phoned George W. Bush yesterday to congratulate him a week after his reelection as US president, and Chirac's foreign minister, Michel Barnier, called for better trans-Atlantic ties.	0
0	Bush Chides Kerry in Pa. After VP Debate  WILKES BARRE, Pa. - President Bush, in biting criticism of his Democratic challenger, said Wednesday that Sen...	0
0	Dole Questions Kerry's Vietnam Wounds  CRAWFORD, Texas - Former Republican Sen. Bob Dole suggested Sunday that John Kerry apologize for past testimony before Congress about alleged atrocities during the Vietnam War and joined critics of the Democratic presidential candidate who say he received an early exit from combat for "superficial wounds." Dole also called on Kerry to release all the records of his service in Vietnam...	1
1	Oil Slips Under  $50 as US Supply Swell  Oil prices fell further below  $50 on Wednesday as a fresh rise in US crude oil inventories outweighed the impact of President Bush #39;s victory in the US election.	0
1	Why I #39;m voting for Bush  WHEN TERRORISTS attacked the United States on Sept. 11, 2001, President Bush had to decide how to respond. He could have treated the attacks as if they were a crime and appealed to the United Nations to help 	0
3	Republicans insist Bush tax cuts working  Republicans launched a counteroffensive yesterday against a Democrat-inspired Congressional Budget Office analysis, saying the study actually shows that President Bush #39;s tax cuts have reduced the overall tax burden for middle-income ...	0
0	Delegates, Protesters Descend on New York  NEW YORK - Abortion-rights protesters and the first Republican delegates descended on President Bush's heavily fortified convention city Saturday as campaign officials said their boss would use the nomination spotlight to defend his hawkish foreign polices and offer a second-term agenda for health care, education and job training.   "He believes it's important for a candidate to talk about what he's done and, most important, where he wants to lead," said adviser Karen Hughes, aboard Bush's campaign bus in Ohio...	0
0	Edwards Chides Rice Over State Speeches (AP)  AP - Condoleezza Rice, the White House national security adviser, is giving a flurry of speeches in political battleground states in the closing days of the campaign, bringing allegations from Sen. John Kerry's camp that she is injecting herself into the presidential race.	1
0	Kidnapped Aid Official Begs Blair To Save Her  Pleading for her life between terrified sobs, kidnapped aid official Margaret Hassan appeared on a videotape Friday urging British Prime Minister Tony Blair to abandon Iraq 	3
0	Bush uses APEC summit to rally support on N. Korea  Leaders of 21 Pacific Rim economies opened a two-day summit in Chile yesterday aimed at liberalizing trade and addressing global security concerns, with US President George 	0
1	Powell wins Israeli pledge on Palestinian vote  Israel has pledged it would do all it can to help a smooth election to choose a successor to the late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, including allowing Arabs in occupied and annexed east Jerusalem to vote.	2
0	Lieberman Shows No Interest in Cabinet (AP)  AP - Democratic Sen. Joe Lieberman said Sunday he is not interested in becoming President Bush's national intelligence director or homeland security chief, shooting down speculation he might be under consideration for those jobs.	0
0	Bush, Kerry court the Hispanic vote (AFP)  AFP - George W. Bush and his White House challenger John Kerry will court Hispanic voters, hoping to sway the growing community that could hold the key to the November 2 presidential election.	0 1
1	Bush keeps Rumsfeld, names Kerik; Thompson leaves  President George W. Bush has asked Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld to stay on in Bush #39;s second term to keep running the Iraq war and adapting the US military to face post-Cold War threats like terrorism, a senior Bush 	0
0	President OKs More Colombia Assistance (AP)  AP - President Bush said Tuesday the U.S. government will continue to assist Colombia in interdicting aircraft suspected of drug trafficking.	0
1	Panama president frees Cubans; US denies role  Bush administration officials denied any role yesterday in the pardon of four Cuban exiles by the outgoing Panamanian government. Three of the exiles -ho were convicted 	0
0	Arafat's Wife Launches Emotional Attack  Senior Palestinian leaders flew to Paris Monday to assess the health of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat. They had hesitated briefly after Arafat's wife accused the officials of "trying to bury" him alive.	2
0	Main Issue Becomes Who Is Best to Lead  In dueling speeches 80 miles apart in Iowa, President Bush and his Democratic challenger John Kerry exchanged insults over Iraq.	0 1
0	Bush Mocks Kerry's Leadership Credentials  KING OF PRUSSIA, Pa. - President Bush mocked John Kerry's fitness to be commander in chief Wednesday, saying the way to bring U.S...	0 1
0	Bush wants more US aid for Colombia drug fight  President Bush said Monday he will lobby Congress next year to renew US anti-narcotics funding for this South American country amid concern in Washington about the federal budget deficit.	0
0	Harrowing footage shows Hassan pleading for her life  Margaret Hassan, the kidnapped British aid worker, appeared in a new and harrowing video yesterday, weeping and asking Tony Blair to save her life by halting the deployment of British 	3
0	Bush says Kerry lacks new ideas for Iraq (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush accused Democratic White House hopeful John Kerry of not having any new ideas for winning the war in Iraq and of siding with Saddam Hussein over democracy.	0 1
0	Bush's National Guard File Missing Records  WASHINGTON - Documents that should have been written to explain gaps in President Bush's Texas Air National Guard service are missing from the military records released about his service in 1972 and 1973, according to regulations and outside experts.    For example, Air National Guard regulations at the time required commanders to write an investigative report for the Air Force when Bush missed his annual medical exam in 1972...	0
0	Israel's Likud Rejects Sharon Coalition Bid   TEL AVIV (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's  right-wing Likud party voted on Wednesday against his bid to  form a coalition with center-left Labour he seeks to advance  his Gaza withdrawal plan.	4
0	Bush Lead Over Kerry Remains at 5 Points -ABC Poll (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush maintained a 5-point lead over Democratic nominee John Kerry, according to the latest ABC tracking poll released on Thursday.	0 1
0	Kerry Accuses Bush of Boasting on Iraq  WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. - Democrat John Kerry said Monday that President Bush sent troops into war without necessary equipment and accused the commander in chief of "arrogant boasting that he's done everything right in Iraq."  "Mr...	0 1
0	Hamas Says to Boycott Palestinian Presidential Vote   GAZA (Reuters) - The Palestinian Islamic militant faction  Hamas will boycott a Jan. 9 presidential election for a  successor to Yasser Arafat, a senior Hamas leader said on  Wednesday.	2
0	Cheney: Kerry's View of Terrorism 'Naive' (AP)  AP - Vice President Dick Cheney, pursuing Republican votes in a reliably Democratic state, said Monday that Sen. John Kerry's view of terrorism reflects a naivete and an inability to recognize the seriousness of the threat.	1
1	Clinton Says Stumping for Kerry Not a Risk  ABC News #39; Diane Sawyer and former President Bill Clinton pose for a photograph during Sawyer #39;s visit to Clinton #39;s home in Chappaqua, NY where she interviewed him about his recent heart surgery and recuperation, Sunday Oct. 24, 2004.	1
0	Powell Leans Toward Genocide Finding in Darfur   WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Secretary of State Colin Powell is  leaning toward a determination that the violence in the western  Sudan region of Darfur constitutes genocide, Bush  administration officials said on Wednesday.	0
0	Cabinet approves Gaza compensation  Israel #39;s Cabinet approved compensation yesterday for settlers who will be uprooted by Ariel Sharon #39;s program to withdraw from the Gaza Strip 	4
1	Sales Up for Books on U.S. Electorate (AP)  AP - President Bush's re-election disappointed many in the publishing industry, a blue-state business where liberals have long predominated, but it has boosted sales for a few anti-Bush books, notably Thomas Frank's "What's the Matter With Kansas?"	0
0	Claims Arafat died of AIDS  A FORMER speech writer for George W. Bush has claimed Yasser Arafat died of AIDS. Former presidential aide David Frum, famous for coining the phrase  quot;axis of evil quot;, says the world has shown 	0 2
1	Arafat #39;s Condition Improving But Further Tests Needed, Say <b>...</b>  _ An ailing Yasser Arafat dictated a condemnation of a deadly Tel Aviv suicide bombing Monday, a sign he was active on his fourth day of emergency treatment at a French military hospital.	2
0	Viewers See Cheney-Edwards Debate As Draw  CLEVELAND - Dick Cheney and John Edwards slugged it out over jobs, judgment and Iraq in a hard-hitting debate that set the stage for President Bush's speech Wednesday denouncing his Democratic rival's record on national security.    Their debate Tuesday night was largely a draw, moving the attention once again to their bosses in the second presidential showdown Friday night...	0
0	Kerry says Bush dodging and weaving with truth on Iraq (AFP)  AFP - Democratic presidential contender John Kerry accused President George W. Bush's administration of abandoning its responsibilities in Iraq as the two rivals intensified attacks ahead of the US election.	0 1
0	Bush, Kerry to Finalize Debate Plans (AP)  AP - The co-chairmen of the nonpartisan presidential debate commission told representatives for President Bush and Sen. John Kerry on Wednesday that they must act immediately to finalize details for the debates, the first scheduled in just over two weeks.	0 1
3	Bush Signs Corporate Tax Bill  With no fanfare, President Bush on Friday signed the most sweeping rewrite of corporate tax law in nearly two decades, showering  $136 billion in new tax breaks on businesses, farmers and other groups.	0
1	Mondo Washington by James Ridgeway Perfect Storms  hile George W. Bush signed emergency orders for rescue supplies to hurricane victims this morning, preparing for a possible visit to the ravaged areas, right-wingers were having a ball with Teresa Heinz Kerry.	0
1	Bush sets sights on undecided voters  US President George W. Bush heads into the Republican National Convention next week with one overriding objective: to win over uncommitted voters who believe the country is on the wrong track under his leadership.	0
0	Israel Ends Deadly Gaza Offensive  JEBALIYA REFUGEE CAMP, Gaza Strip - Israel withdrew tanks and ground forces from populated areas in the northern Gaza Strip on Friday, wrapping up its bloodiest offensive in the area in more than four years of fighting.    Prime Minister Ariel Sharon ordered the pullback at the urging of Israeli military commanders, who argued the two-week offensive had played itself out, and after calls from the United States to wrap up the operation...	4
1	Iran has said it has frozen uranium enrichment programs  WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- President Bush said Monday he wants to verify if Iran has indeed suspended its nuclear fuel program as it has said it has done.	0
0	Cry no tears for Arafat  The short man had a very long name. Mohammed Abdel Raouf Arafat al-Qudwa al-Husseini, who was 5 feet 4, proved larger than life when he died last Thursday, 13 days after he arrived for treatment in a military hospital in France.	2
0	PNA receives Arafat #39;s medical report  Nasser al-Qidwa, Palestinian representative at the United Nations and nephew of late leader Yasser Arafat, handed Arafat #39;s death report to the Palestinian National Authority (PNA) on Saturday.	2
1	Blood from a stone? Palestinians must make the most of every drop  Justice on the part of Israel does not come easily, especially with a government led by the historically hard-line Ariel Sharon. It was the job on Sunday of outgoing US Secretary of State Colin Powell to encourage 	4
1	Israeli cabinet approves compensation bill for Gaza settlers  The Israeli cabinet approved at a weekly session on Sunday plans to compensate settlers who will evacuate from Gaza under Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s disengagement plan.	4
0	Israel Cabinet Agrees to Free Jailed Palestinians  Israel #39;s cabinet agreed on Sunday to free dozens of Palestinian prisoners in a move meant to show goodwill ahead of elections to replace Yasser Arafat, officials said.	2
0	Bush, backed by Asia-Pacific allies, warns North Korea, Iran over <b>...</b>  SANTIAGO : US President George W. Bush, bagging support from Asia-Pacific allies at an annual summit in Chile, bluntly warned North Korea and Iran to scrap any nuclear weapon plans.	0
1	Aides Say Arafat Has Taken Turn for Worse  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, aboard a French hospital plane enroute from Amman, Jordan, to Paris, France, where he will seek medical treatment, in this picture released by the Palestinian Authority Friday Oct. 29, 2004.	2
1	Softened Strike: Sinclair Program Critical of Kerry, But More <b>...</b>  Sinclair Broadcast Group last night aired a program that sharply criticized John Kerry over Vietnam, with the anchor declaring:  quot;Some people are trying to suppress the right to free speech.	1
0	Freedom on the March in Iraq, Bush Tells Voters (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush said on Thursday freedom was on the march in Iraq even as a U.S. intelligence report depicted a bleak outlook for the country's future.	0
1	Bush should put ayatollah atop list of people to thank  The faith-based compromise that has brought an apparent end to three weeks of bitter fighting around the Imam Ali shrine in Najaf should also bring thunderous sighs of relief from the Bush 	0
0	Bush lifts Libya trade sanctions  The US lifts a trade embargo to reward Libya for its decision to give up weapons of mass destruction.	0
0	Bush, Kerry Stake Out Opposing Stands on Abortion (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush attacked his rival Sen. John Kerry for opposing a ban on a form of late-term abortion while Kerry promised to uphold women's "constitutional rights" to make choices on abortion.	0 1
0	Senate Republicans Snipe at Kerry Budget (AP)  AP - Sen. John Kerry's economic plans would drive up budget deficits while boosting spending by  #36;3.5 trillion, Senate Republicans said Wednesday in a report made available hours before the final presidential debate and disputed by the Kerry campaign.	1
0	Israel: Palestinian State Shelved with U.S. Blessing   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's plan to withdraw from some  occupied territory aims to rule out a Palestinian state  indefinitely, with full U.S. approval, Prime Minister Ariel  Sharon's chief of staff said on Wednesday.	4
0	US death penalty foes want Kerry presidency (AFP)  AFP - US death penalty opponents hope that Democrat John Kerry, a former prosecutor who opposes executions, wins the presidency from George W. Bush, who strongly supports the death penalty.	0 1
0	Last Job Count Before Election: Always a Political Number  Despite the stimulus from three rounds of tax cuts, the nation has at least 585,000 fewer jobs now than when President Bush took office.	0
3	Bush names Kellogg CEO as Commerce secretary  President Bush (left) pats Carlos Gutierrez, chief executive officer of the Kellogg Co., on the arm, as they leave after Bush announced Gutierrez as his choce to be secretary of commerce Monday in the Roosevelt Room of the White House.	0
1	Challenger must be decisive, show he is presidential in debate  In tonights initial presidential debate, the onus will be on Democratic challenger John Kerry to persuade undecided voters like Don Dignan 	1
1	Blair Urges End of Darfur Slaughter  Prime Minister Tony Blair today urged the government of Sudan to adopt a five-point plan designed to help end the slaughter in Darfur and ease the humanitarian crisis there.	3
0	Hamas vows to avenge leader #39;s death  GAZA CITY, Oct 22: Israel #39;s killing of a top Hamas fighter in Gaza prompted calls for vengeance by the radical Islamic group on Friday, days ahead of a critical parliament vote on Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to evacuate the territory.	4
0	Reuters Poll: Bush and Kerry Still in Dead Heat (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush and Democratic Sen. John Kerry remain tied for the third consecutive day in the race for the White House, according to a Reuters/Zogby poll released on Wednesday.	0 1
0	Bush offers court fight against 'soft money' (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush's re-election campaign promised to fight all unregulated "soft money" political groups in court, amid a mounting controversy about ads by Republican veterans slamming Democratic presidential hopeful John Kerry's war record.	0 1
0	Bush, Kerry to Meet in Key Debate Tonight  CORAL GABLES, Fla. - After a deluge of campaign speeches and hostile television ads, President Bush and challenger John Kerry will get their chance to face each other directly Thursday night before an audience of tens of millions of voters in a high-stakes debate about terrorism, the Iraq war and the bloody aftermath...	0 1
3	Bush names new commerce secretary, expects to change economic team  US President George W. Bush on Monday chose Carlos Gutierrez as his new commerce secretary to succeed Donald Evans, who announced his resignation shortly after Bush won reelection early this month.	0
2	Starting Lineup  <br><em>While the late-season efforts of such Texans as President Bush and Roger Clemens provide for riveting TV, the even more exciting Maryland-N.C. State game put us in mind of some other Lone Star Staters -- ZZ Top. Goodness, Wolfpack Coach Chuck Amato...	0
0	Analysis: Iraq Dominates Policy Debate (AP)  AP - President Bush and Democrat John Kerry are concentrating on Iraq and relegating other international issues to the sidelines. Their preoccupation is not lost on other world leaders.	0 1
0	Canadians protest against Bush visit  THOUSANDS of Canadians have taken to the streets in protest as US President George Bush began his first official visit to the country.	0
3	Bush Agrees to Consider Textile Limits  On Friday, just days before the presidential election, the Bush administration agreed to consider a petition from a coalition of embattled textile manufacturers that would limit some imports from China.	0
1	American Pranksters the Yes Men Seek New Recruits (Reuters)  Reuters - They are two American pranksters serious about being simultaneously funny and subversive and they sometimes pose as double-talking Bush loyalists or off-the-wall officials -- the sort who offer to recycle hamburger to stop hunger.	0
1	Big costs in Bush second term  WASHINGTON President Bush used his first news conference since his Election Day win to lay out lofty goals, including an overhaul of Social Security and a revamp of the nation #39;s tax system.	0
0	2004 Presidential Endorsements (AP)  AP - Newspaper endorsements in the 2004 presidential campaign between President Bush, a Republican, and Sen. John Kerry, a Democrat.	0 1
0	Never a hostile question for campaigning Bush (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush famously dislikes press conferences but has embraced "Ask President Bush" sessions packed with supporters at least as eager to pay tribute to him as get an answer.	0
1	British official resigns over nanny scandal  Britain #39;s top law enforcement officer, a key member of Tony Blair #39;s Cabinet, resigned Wednesday after acknowledging that his department fast-tracked a visa for his former lover #39;s nanny.	3
0	Rove: Bush Serious About Gay Marriage Ban (AP)  AP - President Bush in his second term "absolutely" would push for a constitutional amendment that says marriage consists only of the union of a man and a woman, White House political adviser Karl Rove said.	0
1	Re-elect Bush  Because of national security imperatives, the Chronicle editorial board endorses President Bush for a second term. Four years ago the Houston Chronicle was pleased to endorse Texas Gov.	0
0	Arabs remind Bush of Mideast peace commitment  Arab governments have reminded US President George W. Bush of his commitment to Middle. East diplomacy, in the hope a second Bush administration will pay more attention to one of their top priorities.	0
0	Why time is running out for the old guard of the Middle East war  The intifada has raged for five years but achieved nothing, while evictions threaten Israels very existence. Now forces are gathering to remove Arafat and Sharon.	2
0	Panel OKs Extension of Tax Cuts  WASHINGTON - Legislation to extend several popular middle class tax cuts cleared a House-Senate conference and could be on President Bush's desk within days, handing him a major legislative victory in the closing weeks of the presidential campaign.    The  $145.9 billion package marked the fourth significant tax cut package that the president has championed since taking office...	0
1	Bush Picks Campaign Manager Mehlman to Be Republican Party Head  President George W. Bush selected Ken Mehlman, his campaign manager, to serve as chairman of the Republican National Committee. Mehlman, 38, who earlier worked as the White House director 	0
0	Official: FARC Sought Bush Assassination  Colombia's main rebel group asked followers to mount an assassination attempt against President Bush during his visit to Colombia last week, Defense Minister Jorge Uribe said. There was no evidence Saturday that rebels even tried to organize such an attack.	0
0	U.S. Servicemen React to Bush Guard Memos  ALBANY, Ga. - Some current and retired members of the National Guard and other military services say they aren't bothered by newly revealed memos that indicate President Bush got preferential treatment in the Air National Guard during the Vietnam War, while others say they are troubling...	0
0	Israeli Cabinet Passes Gaza Bill Before Key Vote   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's cabinet  passed a bill on the nuts and bolts of pulling out of occupied  Gaza Sunday, a day before he seeks approval from Israel's  parliament for his withdrawal plan.	4
0	Budget Flap Imperils Sharon's Gaza Pullout Plan (Reuters)  Reuters - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon faced threats on Thursday from inside and outside his already shaky coalition that could bring down the Israeli government, force early elections and delay his Gaza withdrawal plan.	4
0	Kerry Says Bush Hiding Mobilization Plan  ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. - Democratic Sen...	1
0	Arafat #39;s condition critical but not irreversible: aide  The health of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat remains  quot;critical quot; but not  quot;irreversible quot;, his senior aide said Saturday.	2
0	Bush, Kerry race to up-for-grabs states (AFP)  AFP - Each claiming momentum from their final debate, US President George W. Bush and Democratic rival John Kerry set their sights on key battleground states just 19 days before the election.	0 1
0	Sharon Abandons US-Backed Roadmap  JERUSALEM , Sep 15 (MASNET  amp; News Agencies) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said the US-backed roadmap for peace with the Palestinians would not lead Israel anywhere for the time being, in a published interview, reports Agence France-Presse (AFP).	4
2	Redskins lose, so Kerry should win  John Kerry supporters got a welcome omen for their candidate on Sunday: The Green Bay Packers defeated the Washington Redskins. If history holds, the 28-14 score portends a victory 	1
0	Referendum on evacuation plan not on agenda: Sharon  Jerusalem, Sept. 15 (PTI): Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, has brushed aside suggestions for a national referendum on the Gaza evacuation plan, saying  quot;it is not on the agenda quot; as the schedule set for 	4
0	Arafat, his Legacy and the Future  OPININ (*)The Legacy: Yasir Arafat has been a disaster for the Palestinians, for Israelis, and for hopes of peace in the region.	2
0	France says Arafat medical file can be released to family (AFP)  AFP - The medical files of former Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat can be released upon demand to eligible parties, such as his family, a French defence ministry spokesman told AFP.	2
1	The Morning Mail  The legitimacy of certain documents obtained by CBS News detailing the opinions and/or actions of George W. Bush #39;s commanding officer in the Texas Air National Guard are unimportant and were never, in any way, key to understanding or underscoring Bush #39;s 	0
0	Text of Sen. Kerry's Radio Address (AP)  AP - Text of the Democrats' weekly radio address to the nation, delivered by the party's presidential nominee, Sen. John Kerry:	1
0	Israeli parliament set for historic vote on Gaza pullout  JERUSALEM : The Israeli parliament is set for an historic vote on Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s hotly contested plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip after 37 years of occupation.	4
1	Plane Meant To Pick Up Bush Sr. Crashes In Texas  HOUSTON -- Former President George HW Bush says he #39;s  quot;deeply saddened quot; to learn a private jet on its way to pick him up crashed Monday morning in Houston, killing all three aboard.	0
1	Who #39;s in line to take over the reins  The parliament speaker would replace Yasser Arafat as Palestinian Authority president for 60 days, until elections. But he is unlikely to hold onto that position during a turbulent transition; timely elections also seem unlikely.	2
0	ISRAEL TALKS CALLED OFF  ISRAEL #39;S prime minister Ariel Sharon cancelled a meeting with Jack Straw yesterday - because he lost his voice. The Foreign Secretary was scheduled to meet Sharon during a two-day visit to the Middle East.	4
0	Committee to succeed Arafat denied  The head of the Political Department in the Palestine Liberation Organization said Friday no committee was formed to succeed ailing Yasser Arafat.	2
1	President Bush Defends Iraq Policy  WASHINGTON Sept. 20, 2004 - President Bush is striking back at John Kerry #39;s increasingly aggressive criticism on Iraq, asking Americans to stick with him on the war in the face of surging violence there.	0 1
0	Sex scandal ensnares British politician   LONDON -- Britain's homeland security chief, one of the most powerful members of Prime Minister Tony Blair's government, is embroiled in a political sex scandal with his former lover that threatens to torpedo his career.	3
1	Attacks sharpen as race winds down  With a week to go until the election, Democratic presidential nominee Sen. John Kerry accused President Bush yesterday of hiding embarrassments in Iraq 	0 1
0	Kerry Hits Back at GOP 'Insults' (AP)  AP - In a scathing attack, Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry accused Republicans of hiding President Bush's "record of failure" behind insults and promised a new direction for the country under a Kerry-Edwards administration.	0 1
1	Airing their differences  In a debate highlighting broad differences in foreign-policy vision and personal style, President Bush and Sen. John 	0
0	In Cairo, dignitaries converge to pay tribute  CAIRO -- Although he did not live to see Palestinian statehood, Yasser Arafat was given a funeral yesterday worthy of a head of state and attended by kings and presidents from around the world.	2
0	Kerry accuses Bush of hiding plans to send more soldiers to Iraq (AFP)  AFP - Democratic White House hopeful John Kerry is accusing President George W. Bush of hiding plans to call up large numbers of reservists for active duty in Iraq until after the November 2 elections.	0 1
1	Kerrys Gaffes Doom Election Chances George C. Landrith  For John Kerry, the good news is that he looked good and sounded good during the first debate. The bad news is that he did not say anything that will attract undecided voters or peal off Bushs voters.	1
1	Sharon and Abbas Express Hope for Gaza Talks  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel and Mahmoud Abbas, the favorite to become the new Palestinian leader, said in separate interviews published today that they would be 	4
0	Bush Announces Plan for Troop Realignment  WASHINGTON - President Bush's plan to restructure U.S. military forces abroad includes bringing two Army divisions home from Cold War-era bases in Germany, and increasing the U.S...	0
1	Bush taps familiar ally  President George W. Bush named Alberto Gonzales as his choice for attorney general yesterday, picking a close personal friend who has a compelling personal story but who many say 	0
0	Sharon #39;s Party Rebels, Imperils Gaza Pullout Plan  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Likud party has dealt a serious setback to his plan to evacuate occupied Gaza by voting to bar him from forging a broad coalition with the Labour opposition. 	4
0	McConnell meets with Israeli leaders during trip to Middle East  US Sen. Mitch McConnell met with top Israeli officials Sunday and took a helicopter tour over the West Bank during a visit to the Middle East that comes amid the political tumult of Yasser Arafat #39;s death.	2
1	After Death, Tests for Mideast and World  Yasir Arafat was both the symbol of the Palestinians #39; hope for a viable, independent state and the prime obstacle to its realization.	2
0	Bush Heralds Intelligence Reform (AP)  AP - President Bush said Saturday his newly enacted changes in the nation's intelligence community will "improve America's ability to find, track and stop dangerous terrorists," while Democratic critics said the election-season moves fall short of what is needed.	0
0	US Sees Chance of Peace Hinging on Arafat Successor (Reuters)  Reuters - U.S. officials hope Yasser Arafat's death on Thursday will offer a new chance for Middle East peace but said it depends on who replaces him, how much power they wield and whether they have the legitimacy to strike a deal.	2
1	Republican National Convention Opening in New York  The Republican National Convention, which will nominate President Bush in hopes of another four-year term in office, opens in New York Monday.	0
0	Abbas takes pole position after Barghuti withdraws from election <b>...</b>  RAMALLAH, West Bank - New PLO chief Mahmud Abbas emerged on Saturday as the clear contender to replace Yasser Arafat a day after jailed West Bank Fatah leader Marwan Barghuti said he would not be running in the presidential runoff in six weeks time.	2
1	World News: My real Oscar would be Bush #39;s defeat: Moore  Moore said he and his producing partner Harvey Weinstein had agreed that  quot;Fahrenheit 9/11 quot;, which criticised the US-led war in Iraq, would stand a better chance if they focused solely on the best picture Oscar.	0
1	Poll watch: Bush leads nationwide; states up in the air  WASHINGTON, Oct 31 (AFP) - The race for the White House was wide open late Saturday as it headed down to the wire with President George W. Bush and his rival John Kerry scrambling for decisive votes in Florida and the US Midwest.	0 1
0	PALESTINIAN ELECTION  #39;BY JAN. 9 #39;  As grieving Palestinians flocked to Yasser Arafat #39;s tomb to pay their last respects, his successors yesterday promised a swift election to replace him.	2
0	Sharon Says Israel May Work With Palestinians on Disengagement  Israel is ready to work with a responsible #39; #39; Palestinian Authority leadership on coordinating an Israeli plan to withdraw settlements from the Gaza Strip and West Bank, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said.	4
0	Palestinians to host Western diplomats  Sponsors of an internationally backed Mideast peace plan will send their foreign ministers to the region next week in hopes of restarting Israeli-Palestinian talks in the wake of Yasser Arafat #39;s death.	2
0	News Editorials Weigh in on Kerry Furor (AP)  AP - With a mix of passion and dismay, newspaper editorials are weighing in on the furor over John Kerry's service in Vietnam, with many coming to his defense, a few standing behind his critics and others bemoaning the attention to a 30-year-old war rather than today's problems.	1
0	Sharon emerges victorious after internal opposition  Jerusalem: Despite several defeats on the battlefield, Ariel Sharon, the former general turned Israeli prime minister, has finally won the war to implement his Gaza pullout plan after neutralising his internal enemies.	4
0	IDF steps up Gaza drive after Qassams kill 2 in Sderot  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon was quoted Thursday as ordering security forces to  quot;do everything in order to put an end to Qassam fire, after two small children were killed when two Hamas rockets fired from the Gaza Strip struck the Negev town of Sderot on 	4
0	Blair to Have Medical Procedure on Heart  LONDON - British Prime Minister Tony Blair said he would undergo a routine medical procedure Friday to correct an irregular heartbeat, a surprise announcement linked to treatment he had a year ago.    Blair said Thursday that the procedure would be carried out under local anesthetic, and would affect neither his job nor his plans to seek a third straight term in next year's elections...	3
1	Kerry slams Bush for possibility of unending war in Iraq  JOHN Kerry yesterday launched his strongest attack yet against George Bushs handling of Iraq, saying the invasion had created a crisis that could lead to unending war.	0 1
0	Palestinians to Elect Arafat Successor on Jan. 9  Palestinians set Jan. 9 as the date for presidential elections to replace Yasser Arafat on Sunday while the United States hinted it may be ready to resume Middle East peacemaking.	2
1	200,000 protest Bush  NEW YORKAn estimated 200,000 Americans snaked their way through the streets of steamy Manhattan yesterday, banging drums and chanting slogans denouncing US President George W. Bush - delivering a single, strident message.	0
0	White House Plans Push for Intel Overhaul (AP)  AP - Former members of the Sept. 11 commission met Tuesday with Vice President Dick Cheney, and President Bush planned talks with leaders of Congress in an attempt to gain passage for an intelligence reorganization bill this year.	0
1	5 Israeli soldiers killed in Gaza tunnel blast  Five Israeli soldiers were killed and 10 wounded in an attack at an Israeli checkpoint on the Gaza-Egypt border, the worst such incident since the death of Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Republicans Salute Bush As Wartime Leader  NEW YORK - Republicans are turning to conditions at home after saluting President Bush as a wartime president whose leadership is "rock solid." California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger gets star billing on the second day of the party's convention as the GOP extends its outreach to moderate Democrats and independents...	0
0	Poll: More Believe Bush Behind Attack Ads (AP)  AP - Americans increasingly believe President Bush's re-election campaign is behind the ads attacking Democrat John Kerry's Vietnam experience, a poll found.	0
0	Veteran Sues for Libel Over Kerry Film (AP)  AP - A Vietnam veteran shown in a documentary criticizing Sen. John Kerry's anti-war activities filed a libel lawsuit against the movie's producer Monday, saying the film falsely calls him a fraud and a liar.	1
0	Israel PM vows to bring Labour into government despite vote by <b>...</b>  JERUSALEM : Beleaguered Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon persisted with plans to form a new government including the main opposition Labour party, bolstered by Washington #39;s backing for the expansion of West Bank settlements.	4
1	No weapons, no matter, Bush says  The Bush administration yesterday launched a campaign to blunt the effect of a report that Iraq had no weapons of mass destruction by arguing that the findings still justify the decision to invade Iraq.	0
0	Kerry Says He Wouldn't Have Ousted Saddam  NEW YORK - Staking out new ground on Iraq, Sen. John Kerry said Monday he would not have overthrown Saddam Hussein had he been in the White House, and he accused President Bush of "stubborn incompetence," dishonesty and colossal failures of judgment...	0 1
1	PNA delegation to investigate Arafat #39;s death  The Palestinian National Authority (PNA) established a committee Wednesday to investigate reasons behind the death of late Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Bush Completes Cabinet as 4 Members Agree to Remain  The secretaries of the Transportation, Labor, Interior and Housing departments have agreed to stay on.	0
1	Nice guy vs. The Ice Guy, Tuesday night in Cleveland  Democrats were giddy with anticipation thinking about this year #39;s vice presidential debate when John Kerry selected John Edwards as his running mate back in July.	1
0	Blair Urges End to Trans-Atlantic Rift   LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's Tony Blair will urge Europe  and the United States on Monday to bury the hatchet over Iraq  and focus their energies on global challenges such as lasting  peace between Israelis and Palestinians.	3
0	Powell Seeks Meeting with Palestinian Leaders (Reuters)  Reuters - Secretary of State Colin Powell said on Saturday he hoped to meet Palestinian leaders soon as part of a harder U.S. push for peace in the region following the death of President Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Koch: I Support Bush, His Stance on Iraq (AP)  AP - Calling himself a "liberal with sanity," former mayor Ed Koch  #151; a lifelong Democrat  #151; said he decided to support President Bush in the 2004 election because of Bush's stance on Iraq.	0
0	Shaon asks Likud to OK talks with Labor  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has asked his party #39;s Central Committee to approve co-opting the Labor, Torah Judaism and Shas parties into the coalition.	4
1	Painting of Nude Bush Removed From Museum  WASHINGTON - A cartoonish painting of President Bush in the nude has been taken down from the wall at the City Museum of Washington. The picture, called "Man of Leisure, King George," adopts the pose of a famous Impressionist painting, Edouard Manet's "Olympia," that scandalized Paris in 1863, and now hangs in the Gare d'Orsay Museum in Paris...	0
0	Kerry returns to US Senate (AFP)  AFP - Two weeks after his failed White House bid, John Kerry returned to the US Senate with no special standing among fellow Democrats, despite months in the spotlight as the party's presidential candidate.	1
1	President Bush outlines agenda  After walking from the West Wing to the Executive Office Building under rainy skies, President Bush used his first news conference since getting re-elected to lay out his priorities for the next four years.	0
0	Israel May Work With Palestinians on Disengagement (Update1)  Israel is ready to work with a responsible #39; #39; Palestinian Authority leadership on coordinating an Israeli plan to withdraw settlements from the Gaza Strip and West Bank, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said.	4
3	Markets Celebrate Bush Victory  Wall Street threw a victory rally for President Bush today, driving up the entire market -- especially the stocks that investors believe will benefit from even more dominant Republican control of the federal government.	0
3	Deal in Congress to Keep Tax Cuts, Widening Deficit  Lawmakers agreed to extend  $145 billion worth of tax cuts sought by President Bush without trying to pay for them.	0
0	Bush picks new US security chief  Former New York police commissioner Bernard Kerik is chosen as the new US homeland security chief.	0
0	Sharon Approves North Gaza Pullback - Reports   GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon gave  the go-ahead on Thursday for troops to withdraw from parts of  northern Gaza, media reports said, shortly after they killed  the 100th Palestinian in the largest Gaza offensive in four  years.	4
0	Religion Experts Ask How Jesus Would Vote (AP)  AP - Just a few miles from George W. Bush's former office at the state Capitol, a panel of religious experts weighed a question with relevance to many people of faith: How would Jesus vote?	0
0	Bush Spending Little Time at White House (AP)  AP - If you're looking for President Bush, don't bother searching the White House.	0
1	Analysis: Which states will decide US election?  Washington DC, Nov. 1 -- With one day left in the final campaign dash for the White House, US President George W. Bush and Democratic Senator John F. Kerry spent Sunday in the key battleground states of Ohio and Florida.	0
0	Blair may have considered quitting says ally  Prime Minister Tony Blair may have considered quitting for family reasons earlier this year at one of the lowest points of his premiership, a close ally has said.	3
0	Blair, Bush Meet to Discuss Mideast Peace (AP)  AP - Convinced that the road to Jerusalem doesn't run through Baghdad, British Prime Minister Tony Blair is trying to turn President Bush's attention from Iraq to the stalled Mideast peace process.	0 3
1	Shirking the blame?  IT had been a long time coming, but Tony Blair has finally conceded that the evidence about Iraqs weapons of mass destruction was wrong, and he has apologised, to an extent.	3
1	Tunisian medical team says Arafat is OK  RAMALLAH, West Bank A second team of doctors to examine Yasser Arafat say the Palestinian leader is  quot;OK. quot;. The doctors from Tunisia examined the 75-year-old leader at his headquarters in the West Bank town of Ramallah today.	2
1	Bush Pledges to Address Weak Dollar, Cites Fed  President Bush said on Wednesday a renewed drive to cut US budget deficits should help the weak dollar and that Tuesday #39;s Federal Reserve interest-rate hike showed Alan 	0
1	Blair lobbies Bush on global warming  Tony Blair has been lobbying for George Bush #39;s support for a new international treaty on global warming. On Thursday The Times claimed that Downing Street had confirmed the prime minister had held  quot;lengthy 	0 3
0	Sharon fires two ministers over Gaza vote  JERUSALEM - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon today fired a rebel cabinet minister and deputy cabinet minister after they voted against his plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip next year, Israeli media said.	4
0	Bush, Kerry on Issue of National Security (AP)  AP - Three times a week, The Associated Press picks an issue and asks Republican President Bush and Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry a question about it. Today's question and responses:	0 1
0	Bush, Kerry Use Draft to Target Youth Vote  WASHINGTON - John Kerry says re-electing President Bush would create "the great potential of a draft." Not so, responds the incumbent: "The best way to avoid the draft is to vote for me."   The fact that both Bush and Kerry are on record opposing mandatory military service speaks volumes about the audience they're targeting with their dueling draft scares - young voters.    In an election where voter turnout is the great unknown, the voting rate and preferences of 18- to 30-year-olds may be the biggest wild card on Nov...	0 1
1	Deal said to clear way for vote on intelligence bill  Two powerful congressional chairmen, one who had opposed legislation to revamp the nation #39;s intelligence agencies, endorsed a compromise Monday and moved a bill endorsed by President Bush closer to approval.	0
0	Bush Says He's Best Protection From Draft  DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. - President Bush turned the tables Saturday on Sen...	0
1	In 2nd term, Bush must unify nation by admitting errors, seeking <b>...</b>  Our position is: President Bush must use a second term to protect and unify the nation. The tightness of this year #39;s race for president speaks volumes about the unsatisfying choice facing voters: George W. Bush vs.	0
0	Election is turning into a duel of the manly men (USATODAY.com)  USATODAY.com - Political analysts say they've never seen anything quite like the tough-guy competition between President Bush and Massachusetts Sen. John Kerry. They point to two reasons: millions of hunters and fishermen live in the battleground states each candidate needs to win, and voters everywhere are haunted by 9/11.	0 1
0	Bush, Kerry Resume Post-Debate Campaigns  ST. LOUIS - President Bush and Sen...	0
1	Senator Kerry #39;s Comments  During the third Presidential debate Senator Kerry mentioned Mr. Cheney #39;s daughter in one of his comments. Why did he mention her rather than another, perhaps more well-known member of the gay community such as Rosie O #39;Donnell or Ellen Degeneres?	1
3	Bush, Kerry battle over jobs report  President Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry on Friday seized on a Labor Department report showing the US expanded payrolls by 144,000 and lowered the unemployment level to 5.4 percent 	0 1
1	Bush hits Kerry #39;s view on terror  President Bush yesterday seized on Sen. John Kerry #39;s remark that terrorism should be reduced to a  quot;nuisance quot; like prostitution that doesn #39;t define Americans #39; lives, saying it showed 	0 1
1	Bush, Kerry teams reach agreement on three presidential debates  Negotiators for President Bush and Democrat John Kerry agreed Monday to three 90-minute debates beginning Sept. 30, including one town-hall format with questions from undecided voters in the audience.	0 1
3	Bush pressing case for  #39;ownership society #39;  Amid signs that the economy is cooling, President Bush is showcasing initiatives for a second term under the banner of an  quot;ownership society quot; in hopes of bolstering his economic stewardship credentials.	0
1	Arafat #39;s passing could remove roadblock to US peace efforts  The Bush administration is preparing a strategy for resumed Mideast peacemaking that rests heavily on an emerging core of Palestinian leaders taking charge of keeping order and nurturing an embryonic government.	2
1	Stewart Probes Kerry on Military Service  After weeks of charge and countercharge in the presidential campaign, comedian Jon Stewart tried Tuesday to get to the bottom of the debate over Democrat John Kerry #39;s military service in Vietnam.	1
1	Arafat absence could aid US-Palestinian ties  JERUSALEM: The interim Palestinian leadership, taking advantage of Yasser Arafat #39;s absence, could try to renew ties with the United States in a bid to revive the Middle East peace process, analysts said Sunday.	2
1	Political news  Bounce vanishes: The race may be tightening. A new poll from the Pew Research Center of 1,972 people said the bounce that seemed to propel President George W. Bush to a lead just after the Republican convention had disappeared.	0
1	White House says Bush committed to missile defense  The White House said Thursday that President George W. Bush remains  quot;firmly committed quot; to a missile defense system, even though the first full flight test of the system in two years failed.	0
3	Bush or Kerry? A Pocketbook Rating  Here #39;s a primer on which candidate would likely be better for voters concerned about jobs, energy costs, real estate, taxes... Still undecided about who to vote for on Nov. 2? One way to decide is to simply vote your pocketbook.	0 1
0	Key Elements of Corporate Tax Bill (AP)  AP - Key provisions of the corporate tax bill signed today by President Bush. The cost estimates over 10 years come from the congressional Joint Committee on Taxation:	0
0	Bush Nominates Two Judges for D.C. Area (AP)  AP - President Bush on Tuesday nominated two individuals to replace retiring jurists on federal courts in the Washington area.	0
1	 #39;Lot of work #39; to do on food-supply safety, Bush says  President Bush expressed no alarm yesterday about a warning from his outgoing top health official that the US food supply is vulnerable to terror attacks but would not deny the assessment and assert that the nation #39;s food is safe.	0
0	Schwarzenegger Says He Won't Travel More for Bush (Reuters)  Reuters - Popular California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger said on Wednesday he spurned White House invitations to campaign more widely for President Bush and has agreed to just one joint appearance.	0
1	Bush? Kerry? Why Pollsters Cannot Agree  WASHINGTON, Oct. 18-What is going to happen on Election Day? It depends on which pollster you ask. President Bush leads Senator John Kerry by a margin of eight points among likely voters, according 	0 1
0	Sharon Resumes West Bank Construction  JERUSALEM - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has approved bids for construction of 1,000 homes in Jewish West Bank settlements after freezing them earlier this month, amid growing friction with the United States over continued settlement expansion.    The planned construction violates the internationally backed "road map" plan, accepted by Israel, which calls for a construction freeze...	4
0	Arafat in coma,  #39;extremely bad state #39;: French medical source  PARIS, Nov 4 (AFP) - Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is in a coma and in an  quot;extremely bad state quot;, French medical sources told AFP on Thursday.	2
1	Supplant Specter: Bush needs better judiciary chairman  REPUBLICAN US Senate leaders have a chance to give a renegade member the treatment he deserves. Liberal Sen. Arlen Specter, R-Penn.	0
1	Vietnam vet saved by Kerry says Sinclair film a campaign trick  Jim Rassmann, saved by John Kerry after being blown off Kerry #39;s boat during a 1969 Vietnam firefight, said Friday a Sinclair Broadcast documentary critical of Kerry #39;s 	1
1	Different dynamic for Bush doctrine  THE world closely watched the US presidential election to see what the outcome might mean for the next four years of American foreign policy.	0
0	House Defeats Gay Marriage Ban Amendment  WASHINGTON - The House emphatically rejected a constitutional amendment banning gay marriage Thursday, the latest in a string of conservative pet causes advanced by Republican leaders in the run-up to Election Day.    The vote was 227-186, 49 votes shy of the two-thirds needed for approval of an amendment that President Bush backed but the Senate had previously scuttled...	0
3	Paring US budget deficit should be top priority: economists (AFP)  AFP - Trimming the record US budget deficit should be the top economic priority for the second term of President George W. Bush, a survey of economists showed.	0
0	First woman enters race for Palestinian president  A Palestinian journalist from Jerusalem #39;s walled Old City said on Sunday she would run for president to succeed Yasser Arafat, becoming the first woman to enter the race.	2
1	Arafat #39;s nephew arrives in Paris for Arafat #39;s medical records  Nasser al-Qidwa, nephew of the deceased Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, arrived Sunday in Parisfrom Cairo to pick up Arafat #39;s medical records, French TF1 television reported.	2
1	Who Gets to Talk About Mary Cheney?  As John Kerry paused and uttered the word lesbian in last week #39;s presidential debate, the dials started to turn. Frank Luntz, a former Republican pollster who now has corporate clients, was 	1
1	President questions Guard documents  Chief of CBS News agrees the authenticity of Bush #39;s service files needs to be resolved.  Sen. John Kerry: No campaign events; spends night in New York City.	0 1
0	Arafat in Serious Condition, Foreign Medics Arrive   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Foreign doctors on Thursday  tended to seriously ill Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, who  for decades has symbolized his people's struggle for statehood.	2
0	Bush: Terrorists May Plan More Attacks  WASHINGTON - Standing beside Iraq's interim leader, President Bush contended Thursday that insurgents could "plot and plan attacks elsewhere, in America and other free nations," if the United States pulled out. He said his top commander there has not asked for more troops but if he did, "I'd listen to him."   After meeting with interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi, Bush said he expects violence in Iraq to escalate as the country moves toward elections scheduled for January...	0
0	New N.Ireland talks as leaders push for swift peace deal  LONDON (AFP) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair and his Irish counterpart Bertie Ahern were meeting Northern Ireland #39;s main Protestant and Catholic leaders as efforts intensified to seal a comprehensive power-sharing deal in the province.	3
0	French paper claims Arafat had cirrhosis of liver  PARIS, Nov 16 (AFP) - The late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat suffered from cirrhosis of the liver, but his death last week was not caused by alcohol, but a variety of causes, according to Wednesday #39;s issue of the French satirical weekly Le Canard 	2
0	Blair Was Warned of Post-War Iraq Chaos -- Paper (Reuters)  Reuters - Britain's foreign secretary and senior officials warned Prime Minister Tony Blair a year before invading Iraq that chaos could follow the toppling of Saddam Hussein, a newspaper said Saturday.	3
0	Jerusalem bishop: Israel will miss Arafat  The Episcopal bishop of Jerusalem says Israel may soon long for the days when Yasser Arafat was alive. The Right Reverend Riah Abu el-Assal told the Honolulu Star-Bulletin during 	2
0	Clinton to return to campaign trail Monday (AFP)  AFP - Bill Clinton will return to the campaign trail on behalf of Democratic candidate John Kerry, party officials said, six weeks after the still-popular former president underwent heart surgery to bypass blocked arteries.	1
1	Final Bush-Kerry Debate Draws 51 Million Viewers (Reuters)  Reuters - More than 51 million Americans tuned in to the third and final televised debate between President Bush and challenger John Kerry on Wednesday, which most snap opinion polls rated a victory for the Democratic senator.	0 1
0	Bush Team Orchestrates Larger Ad Campaign  WASHINGTON - President Bush's political team is orchestrating a vastly larger advertising campaign than thought possible under federal law, taking control of millions in Republican Party funds simply by inserting the phrase "our leaders in Congress" in selected commercials.    The GOP strategy had gone unnoticed for weeks by Sen...	0
0	New challenge for Palestinians  It would violate the tenets of all the great faiths that call the Holy Land home to wish for the death of the ailing Yasser Arafat.	2
1	Powell and 3 other cabinet members announce they #39;re leaving Bush <b>...</b>  Secretary of State Colin Powell and three other cabinet members have resigned, escalating the shakeup of President George W. Bush #39;s second-term team.	0
0	Newsview: Flawed Candidates Neck and Neck (AP)  AP - After two debates, voters have seen President Bush look peevish and heard him pass the buck. They've watched Sen. John Kerry deny he's a flip-flopper and then argue that Saddam Hussein was a threat  #151; and wasn't. It's no wonder so few minds have changed.	0 1
1	Leo DiCaprio Stumps for John Kerry (AP)  AP - "Titanic" star Leonardo DiCaprio stumped for John Kerry, while Fred Thompson of NBC's "Law  amp; Order" campaigned for President Bush in Florida, one of the swing states in the presidential election.	0 1
0	Stations Get E-Mails to Oust Dan Rather  NEW YORK - Station managers at several CBS affiliates said Thursday they appear to be a target of a national e-mail campaign placing pressure on the network to oust Dan Rather as anchorman of the "CBS Evening News."   The anger stems from Rather's role in a "60 Minutes" report on President Bush's service in the National Guard. CBS has apologized for reporting on documents critical of Bush's service, widely assumed now as fakes, and appointed a panel to investigate what went wrong in the report...	0
1	Bush Says Kerry Has  #39;Election Amnesia #39;  President Bush said Sen. John Kerry had  quot;election amnesia quot; that caused him to shift his stance on Iraq, as the president sought to fire up his conservative base 	0 1
1	To stay healthy, US-Saudi ties need attention  Over the past year, the George W. Bush administration has prepared a comprehensive political and economic reform initiative aimed at promoting democracy in the Middle East.	0
0	Dead or Alive - Conflicting Reports on Arafat #39;s Condition  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is still alive according to French doctors treating him, though Israeli media is reporting Arafat has died.	2
0	Feeling blue in the blue states? Canada rolls out welcome mat  One day after Bush's re-election, Ottowa's official immigration website logged three times its daily average.	0
1	Museum drops 'nude Bush' artwork  A cartoon-style nude painting of US President George W Bush is taken down by a museum in Washington.	0
0	Sharon: Israeli Troops Will Stay in Gaza  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon pledged Sunday to escalate a broad Israeli offensive into northern Gaza, saying troops will remain in the area until Palestinian rocket attacks are halted.	4
0	Bush Making Gains in Battleground States  WASHINGTON - President Bush has been solidifying his gains in states that once were dead heats, forcing both parties' campaigns to alter strategies as the electoral battleground shrinks. Democrat John Kerry is struggling to stay afloat in some hotly contested states, including Missouri, Wisconsin and Ohio, where polls show Bush pulling ahead...	0 1
0	Blair defends new exam proposals  Tony Blair talks to business leaders about new proposals for a major shake-up of the English exam system.	3
0	Bush Ridicules Kerry, Calls Him Indecisive  SPRINGFIELD, Ohio - President Bush on Monday labeled rival Sen. John Kerry a political opportunist whose ever-changing positions undercut the Democrat's aspirations to be the nation's leader...	0 1
1	Edwards: Bush Implied Saddam-Attacks Link  DETROIT Sept. 12, 2004 - Democratic vice presidential candidate John Edwards on Sunday accused President Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney of misleading Americans by implying a link between deposed Iraqi President Saddam Hussein and the Sept.	0
0	Convenient villain  Yasser Arafat was and is a symbol of national resistance for the Palestinian people, but he was not in charge of them, for all the tireless and largely successful efforts by the Bush and Sharon administrations to depict him as such.	2
1	Kerry: Bush  #39;Aggrandized, Fictionalized #39; Saddam  Democratic challenger John Kerry ripped into President Bush on Thursday for a pattern of deception on Iraq that made up Saddam Hussein as a threat to the United States.	0 1
0	Shooting At Arafat Mourning Tent  Gunfire erupted Sunday at the tent set up for mourners to gather in memory of Yasser Arafat, witnesses said, just after Arafat #39;s successor, Mahmoud Abbas, arrived at the site.	2
0	Sharon warns of crackdown  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, who wants to dismantle some settlements and withdraw from the Gaza Strip and parts of the West Bank, warned Sunday of a crackdown because some of his opponents on the religious right are threatening violence.	4
1	Rehnquist More Likely to Step Aside Now  President Bush #39;s re-election makes it more likely Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist will retire soon. And Republican gains in the Senate mean the president has more flexibility 	0
0	It #39;s Iran More Than Iraq  Two years from now, during either a Kerry or Bush presidency, Iran will probably be much more of a security issue for the United States than Iraq.	0
0	Crucial vote looms on Israel #39;s Gaza withdrawal  Ariel Sharon was today preparing for a crucial vote in the Israeli parliament on his plan to close all Jewish settlements in the occupied Gaza Strip.	4
1	Sharon foresees  #39;year of peace #39;  He said Israel was ready to co-ordinate its pull-out from Gaza with a new Palestinian leadership, following the death of Yasser Arafat in November.	2
0	Arafat Shrine Grows Outside French Hospital (AP)  AP - Well-wishers have created a makeshift shrine of flowers, candles and messages of support outside the hospital where Yasser Arafat is being treated.	2
1	Jailed leader wants Arafat #39;s power  the popular Palestinian leader serving multiple life terms in an Israeli prison -ould change the course of Palestinian politics and the Middle East peace process.	2
0	Jailed Palestinian Leader to Run for President  The Palestinian political scene is in turmoil today after jailed uprising leader Marwan Barghouti, in a last-minute reversal, entered the race for president to replace Yasser Arafat, challenging the establishment candidate.	2
0	Robertson: Bush Said No Deaths in Iraq (AP)  AP - Religious broadcaster Pat Robertson says he warned President Bush before U.S. troops invaded Iraq that the United States would sustain casualties but that Bush responded, "Oh, no, we're not going to have any casualties."	0
1	In Our View: Bush, Reluctantly  Not being Bush, or being anyone but Bush, simply isn #39;t enough to replace our commander in chief. Many Americans hoped some magical candidate would appear with better answers to ending the insurgent uprising 	0
1	Bush Says New Pick for Commerce Post Committed to Free and Fair <b>...</b>  President Bush on Monday named Carlos Gutierrez, CEO of Kellogg, to be his next Commerce secretary, succeeding Bushs friend Don Evans.	0
1	Sharon Launches Debate on Gaza Plan  Supporters of the Jewish settlement movement demonstrate against Israel #39;s Prime Minister Ariel Sharon plan to remove settlements from the Gaza Strip, in front of Israel #39;s parliament, or Knesset, Monday Oct. 25, 2004.	4
0	After Arafat Death, Sharon Vows to Pursue Gaza Plan   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  said on Thursday Yasser Arafat's death could be a turning point  for peacemaking but he would pursue a unilateral plan that  would strip Palestinians of some land they want for a state.	2 4
0	Fatah beats Hamas in close race in West Bank student vote  NABLUS, West Bank -- The main Palestinian movement Fatah won a test of strength against Islamic militants in a key West Bank student election yesterday, boosting Mahmoud Abbas in his campaign to succeed Yasser Arafat as president.	2
1	Final electoral vote count: Bush 286, Kerry 252  WASHINGTON, Nov 5 (AFP) - President George W. Bush won re-election with 286 electoral votes while Democratic challenger John Kerry amassed 252 electoral votes, according to a final tally compiled Friday after the midwestern state of Iowa fell into the 	0 1
0	Blair to urgently review Parliament #39;s safety  British Prime Minister Tony Blair vowed Thursday to urgently review Parliament #39;s safety, one day after several pro-hunting protesters stormed into the House of Commons during lawmakers #39; debate.	3
0	US influence in Asia seen waning under Bush, but relations improve (AFP)  AFP - Asia may have little to complain about if President George W. Bush wins a second term in office despite the lack of a coherent US policy and its waning influence in the region.	0
1	Edwards Hits Bush on Overtime Pay Rules  RACINE, Wis. Aug. 23, 2004 - John Edwards chose the almost evenly divided state of Wisconsin to tout the Democratic presidential ticket #39;s economic plans and criticize the Bush administration #39;s new rules for overtime pay.	0
3	Pocketing sales-tax receipts pays off  A bill expected to get President Bush #39;s signature soon would allow Florida taxpayers to deduct sales tax on their federal income tax forms.	0
1	TV Networks Break Rules for Bush-Kerry Debate (Reuters)  Reuters - U.S. television networks refused to play by rules restricting camera angles and reaction shots during the presidential debate and that may have given a boost to John Kerry, analysts said on Friday.	1
0	Indonesian President to attend Arafat #39;s funeral  By Haseenah Koyakutty, Channel NewsAsia #39;s Indonesia bureau chief. JAKARTA: One of the first Asian countries to react to Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s death is Indonesia which has the world #39;s largest Muslim population.	2
0	Palestinian Leaders Seek Unity Ahead of Presidential Elections  Palestinian leaders scrambled Friday to avoid a rift within their ranks as they prepare for January 9 general elections to choose a successor to Yasser Arafat.	2
1	Sharon says 2005 could be  #39;breakthrough #39; year for Mideast peace  HERZLIYA, ISRAEL - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Thursday Israel should not miss the chance to reach a  quot;breakthrough quot; in its relations with the Palestinians in 2005.	4
0	Bush, Kerry Puppets Debate in Times Square  NEW YORK - The felt flew during a rain-drenched Times Square debate between President Bush and Democratic contender John Kerry - in puppet form - on the afternoon before the real deal in Florida.    Thanks to "Avenue Q" producers and cast members, the naughty puppet citizens of the Tony-winning Broadway musical launched edgy questions about such edgy issues as unemployment, gay marriage and military service during Thursday's "Avenue Q   A."   It was a one-time-only comedic event that warned: "Any similarity between puppets and actual presidential candidates is purely coincidental."   The Bush and Kerry puppets stood with their human handlers behind official-looking podiums and addressed an assembly of soaked tourists and soggy musical theater lovers...	0 1
1	Bush: Iran Nuke Pact Must Be Verifiable  President Bush talks with reporters before having lunch at a local coffee shop in Crawford, Texas Friday, Nov. 26, 2004. (AP Photo/Lawrence Jackson).	0
0	Bush's Hometown Newspaper Endorses Kerry (Reuters)  Reuters - The newspaper in President Bush's adopted hometown of Crawford threw its support on Tuesday behind Bush's Democratic rival, Sen. John Kerry.	0 1
1	Conservatives equated Mary Cheney #39;s sexual orientation with <b>...</b>  In the five days since the third presidential debate, conservatives in the media have drawn comparisons between Senator John Kerry #39;s reference to Vice President Dick Cheney #39;s daughter, Mary Cheney, as a lesbian and hypothetical statements about abortion 	1
1	British leader defends war amid sinking ratings  Prime Minister Tony Blair, skirting a direct apology, acknowledged to his Labor Party Tuesday that intelligence used to justify the invasion of Iraq was wrong, but insisted 	3
0	Democrats Question Kerry's Campaign Funds (AP)  AP - Democratic Party leaders said Wednesday they want to know why Sen. John Kerry ended his presidential campaign with more than  #36;15 million in the bank, money that could have helped Democratic candidates across the country.	1
0	Sharon #39;s words should turn into deeds: Erekat  Chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erekat said Tuesday that the statement of Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon he made before the Knesset (Parliament) should turninto deeds on the ground.	4
1	Republicans Nominate Bush for Second Term  The Republican Party nominated President Bush for a second four-year term in the White House on Tuesday with a ringing call for his re-election 	0
1	Kerry adviser says he spoke to CBS source  Joe Lockhart, a Democratic presidential campaign adviser, says he spoke to the man who provided CBS News with discredited documents about George W. Bush #39;s service record before the television network aired the report.	0 1
0	Israeli PM faces crunch vote at party meeting, Arafat admits failures  TEL AVIV : Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon told critics in his own Likud party he will continue forging a coalition with the opposition Labour party as hardliners sought to derail his Gaza pullout plan. 	2 4
0	Britain Shocked by Death of Iraq Hostage   BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Washington's closest ally in Iraq was  horrified by the beheading of a British hostage there and Prime  Minister Tony Blair urged Britons not to let it undermine their  support for continued involvement in the country.	3
0	Arafat could face weeks in hospital  Palestinian President Yasser Arafat is slowly recovering from serious illness but could remain in a French military hospital for several weeks, Palestinian officials say.	2
0	Bush visit to Halifax sure to elicit mixed reaction from residents (Canadian Press)  Canadian Press - HALIFAX (CP) - Three years after the fact, U.S. President George W. Bush is coming to Atlantic Canada to thank the region for its help in the aftermath of the 2001 terrorist attacks.	0
0	Bush Readies Second-Term Proposals for RNC (AP)  AP - Abortion-rights protesters and the first Republican delegates descended on President Bush's heavily fortified convention city Saturday as campaign officials said their boss would use the nomination spotlight to defend his hawkish foreign polices and offer a second-term agenda for health care, education and job training.	0
1	John Kerry #39;s sister stumps Canada for votes  US Democratic presidential hopeful John Kerry #39;s sister was in Montreal on Friday, stumping for expatriate American votes and encouraging them to support her brother.	1
3	Kerry Gets Post-Debate Bounce in Election Futures  Online futures traders raised their bets on Democratic presidential candidate Sen. John Kerry on Friday after the first debate with President Bush, although the overall odds still favored the incumbent.	0 1
0	Ex-Guardsman: Probe Gaps in Bush Service (AP)  AP - A former Texas Air National Guard official who served at the same time as President Bush says he believes the bigger story about gaps in Bush's service is being overlooked in disputes over the validity of certain Guard documents.	0
0	Sharon Seeks Wider Govt. to Save Gaza Pullout Plan (Reuters)  Reuters - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon launched new efforts Tuesday to widen his shaky coalition after a stinging setback in parliament that complicated his plan to withdraw from some occupied territory.	4
0	Sharon sets date for Parliament vote on disengagement plan  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon vowed on Monday to put his Gaza withdrawal plan to a parliamentary vote on Oct. 25 but rejected his army #39;s request to scale back its Gaza offensive.	4
0	Colombian Tells of Marxist Plot Against Bush  Marxist rebels had planned to assassinate President Bush last Monday during his four-hour stopover in Colombia to meet President lvaro Uribe, Defense Minister 	0
1	Bush, Kerry Visit Critical Iowa  President Bush stops to shake hands with supporters at the North Iowa Fairgrounds-All Season Building during a campaign rally Wednesday, Oct. 20, 2004 in Mason City, Iowa.	0
0	Straw lays wreath at Arafat #39;s grave  Foreign Secretary Jack Straw has laid a wreath at Yasser Arafat #39;s grave during a West Bank visit for talks on how to revive peacemaking with Israel after the Palestinian leader #39;s death.	2
0	Israel: Palestinian State Shelved with U.S. Blessing   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's plan to withdraw from  occupied Gaza will prevent a Palestinian state emerging and  freeze peacemaking, and all with Washington's approval, a key  adviser to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Wednesday.	4
0	Chirac uses state visit to warn Britain of modern imperialism  Jacques Chirac warned George Bush and Tony Blair yesterday that their plans to spread democracy around the world must not turn into a modern-day colonialism based on America #39;s military might.	3
1	Bush Reacts to Bin Laden Tape  Description: President Bush campaigned in Ohio yesterday. He responded with a short, defiant statement to the latest video released by Osama bin Laden.	0
1	Governor asked to lead Agriculture  President George W. Bush nominated Nebraska Gov. Mike Johanns on Thursday to be agriculture secretary, choosing a dairy farmer #39;s son who has traveled widely to promote US farm sales abroad.	0
0	Bush and Pakistani Talk, Skirting Army Role  resident Bush spoke for an hour with President Pervez Musharraf of Pakistan yesterday morning in a conversation devoted largely to the hunt for Osama bin Laden and terror groups, administration 	0
1	Bigleys brother pleads with Blair  PAUL Bigley, brother of the Iraqi hostage Ken, last night appealed to Tony Blair to  quot;pick up the bloody phone quot; to save his brother #39;s life.	3
1	Excerpts from the presidential campaign trail  Excerpts of remarks Wednesday by President Bush in Mason City, Iowa, and Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry in Waterloo, Iowa, as transcribed by e-Media Millworks Inc.	0 1
1	Bush wants Palestinian state within 4 years  Three hours after Yasser Arafat was buried in the West Bank yesterday, President Bush said that, now that the controversial Palestinian leader 	0 2
1	Prime Minister Blair says he feels  quot;sick quot; about hostage in Iraq  (Baghdad, Iraq -AP, Sept. 29, 2004 7:55 PM) _ British Prime Minister Tony Blair says he #39;s doing what he can to help a hostage being held in Iraq.	3
1	Gush Katif heads cancel scheduled meeting with PM  An additional display of the rift formed between Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and the settlers came late Monday night after residents of Gush Katif canceled a meeting scheduled for today with Sharon, explaining that the meeting would be pointless since 	4
0	Melee in Chile seen as  #39;big deal #39;  White House officials were still shaking their heads in disbelief yesterday that President Bush personally had to rescue a US Secret Service agent from angry Chilean security officials Saturday night.	0
3	President Bush signs new corporate tax-cut bill  US President George W. President Bush signed on Friday a new corporate tax bill which will shower 136 billion dollars on US businesses, farmers and other groups in coming years.	0
0	Arafat #39;s death a reminder of Palestinian struggle  The Arab world is enormous and complex. In today #39;s world of terrorism and radical groups, it #39;s important not to lump all Arabs or all Muslims into one mound of extremism.	2
0	N.M. Still Counting Provisional Ballots (AP)  AP - Nearly two weeks after John Kerry conceded the election and President Bush laid out his agenda, New Mexico is among several states that have yet to determine the winner's margin of victory.	0 1
3	US stocks gain on Bush win, off highs as oil jumps  US stocks advanced on Wednesday as President George W. Bush won re-election, but slipped off the day #39;s highs after a surge in the price of oil.	0
1	Bush gives CIA director increased power  WASHINGTON -- US President George W. Bush signed executive orders yesterday designed to strengthen the CIA director #39;s power over US intelligence agencies and create a national counter-terrorism centre, responding to election-year pressure to enact changes 	0
0	Guthrie Publisher Lets Cartoon Use Song  LOS ANGELES - This song is my song, this song is your song. That's the agreement reached between the publishers of Woody Guthrie's classic "This Land is Your Land" and JibJab Media, creators of an animated Internet short that uses the tune in a comic sendup of President Bush and Sen...	0
1	Airing Bush Memos a 'Mistake,' Embarrassed CBS Says   NEW YORK (Reuters) - In an enormous blow to its  credibility, CBS News on Monday said it had been misled over  the authenticity of documents it aired in a story challenging  President Bush's military service.	0
0	Kerry Warns Draft Possible if Bush Wins (AP)  AP - John Kerry said Friday there is a "great potential" for a new military draft to replace overextended U.S. troops in Iraq if President Bush wins a second term, despite Bush's repeated pledges to maintain the all-volunteer service. Republicans rejected the suggestion as "fear mongering."	0 1
1	Bush Nominates Kerik; Thompson Resigns  President Bush nominated former New York police commissioner Bernard Kerik on Friday to head the US homeland security department and accepted the resignation of Health 	0
0	Mideast Hope  Given the tangle of Palestinian politics, it is impossible for outsiders to speak with certainty in the post-Arafat era. Nonetheless, two signs in the early days since Yasser Arafat #39;s death offer at least 	2
0	Kerry says Bush trying to shift topic  Democrat John Kerry said Tuesday that President Bush  #39; #39;didn #39;t talk reality at the United Nations #39; #39; and pressed him to answer questions about policies that Kerry said have made Iraq a violent mess.	0 1
1	BLAIR PEACE HOPES  A HISTORIC deal to end IRA violence forever will be struck, Tony Blair insisted yesterday. The PM remained optimistic after Ulster #39;s politicians failed to come to a landmark agreement.	3
1	Kerry Wins Last Debate with a Narrow Margin  President George W. Bush and Democratic candidate John F. Kerry debated for the third and final time on TV two and half weeks prior to the presidential elections, but neither could not make a dramatic leap forward to attract the voters.	0 1
0	Bush's Plans to Help Spur Job Creation (AP)  AP - President Bush's plans to help spur job creation in his second term:	0
3	Bush Nominates Kellogg Executive for Commerce Secretary  President Bush on Monday nominated Carlos M. Gutierrez, among the most prominent Hispanic business executives in the United States, to be his commerce secretary 	0
0	Israel's Shas Party to Vote Against Gaza Pullout (Reuters)  Reuters - The spiritual leader of Israel's influential Shas party ordered its 11 lawmakers on Saturday to vote against Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip.	4
0	Bush Says He's Best Protection From Draft  DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. - President Bush turned the tables Saturday on Sen...	0
0	Bush Aides Laugh Off 'Wired Debate' Rumor  CHANHASSEN, Minn. - Campaign aides to President Bush on Saturday laughed off rampant Internet speculation about whether the president was wired to get help from advisers during his first debate with Sen...	0
0	Analysis: White House Must Wait on Mideast (AP)  AP - Apart from President Bush's reassurances of unwavering support for Palestinian statehood, there is little his administration is set to do in the short term to try to break the Middle East deadlock.	0
0	Quietly but Firmly, Hastert Asserts His Power  Dennis Hastert, the speaker of the House, is the man President Bush is counting on to enact an ambitious second-term agenda.	0
0	AdWatch: Kerry Responds to Latest Bush Ad (AP)  AP - Details of a new television ad from Democrat John Kerry to begin airing this week:	1
0	Britain agrees to US request for troop redeployment  Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s government agreed Thursday to meet a US request and redeploy a battalion of 850 British troops into volatile central Iraq, despite strong opposition from lawmakers.	3
0	Sweet Nothings Bush #39;s UN speech offers platitudes instead of <b>...</b>  George W. Bush doesn #39;t like speaking at the United Nations. You can see it in his eyesthe flicker of perplexity, bordering on distress, when he recites a line that draws surefire cheers on 	0
2	Talkin Boxin - November 11th Edition   quot;Holy Moley Captain Foley quot;. The headline in a British newspaper blared,  quot;How could 59 million Yanks be so Stupid ? quot; That of course was a reference to the recent re-election of President George W. Bush.	0
0	White House: Guard Never Disciplined Bush  WASHINGTON - President Bush never was disciplined while serving in the Texas Air National Guard, never failed a physical and never asked his father or family friends for help to get him into the guard during the Vietnam War, the White House said Wednesday.    The White House answers came in response to a dozen questions submitted by The Associated Press in light of new records detailing Bush's Guard service and allegations that have surfaced this election season...	0
1	Dan Rather's Future a Complicated Question (AP)  AP - In Kansas City, Mo., it's Kirk Black's job to answer for Dan Rather. The station manager of KCTV, like his colleagues at many other CBS affiliates, is facing a flood of calls and e-mails from viewers angry at Dan Rather for relying on apparently fake documents to suggest President Bush's National Guard service record was less than stellar.	0
0	Bush Accepts Nomination, Resumes Campaign  NEW YORK - President Bush pledged "a safer world and a more hopeful America" as he accepted his party's nomination for a second term and plunged into the final two months of his re-election campaign. He promptly drew fire Friday from Democratic challenger John Kerry, who said Bush is "unfit to lead this country."   In the city that transformed his presidency three Septembers ago, Bush declared to a raucous Republican convention crowd: "We have fought the terrorists across the earth - not for pride, not for power, but because the lives of our citizens are at stake...	0 1
0	AP Poll: Bush Holds Slight Lead on Kerry  WASHINGTON - President Bush opens the fall campaign with a slight lead over Democratic Sen. John Kerry, an Associated Press poll shows, as voters express growing confidence in the direction of the country and the performance of the incumbent...	0 1
0	Blair Presses for  #36;150M in Aid for Darfur (AP)  AP - At a conference to discuss Africa's future, British Prime Minister Tony Blair pressed the international community to raise  #36;150 million to help people caught up by violence in Sudan's western Darfur region.	3
0	Kerry Vows to Tell Truth as President (Reuters)  Reuters - Democrat John Kerry on Friday dismissed the Republican convention as "bitter and insulting" and promised to be a U.S. president who would tell Americans the truth.	1
0	US to withdraw up to 70,000 troops from Europe and Asia (AFP)  AFP - The United States will withdraw up to 70,000 troops from Europe and Asia over the next decade in a move to meet the new threats facing the world, President George W. Bush said.	0
0	Abbas Escapes Gunfire, Palestinians to Vote Jan. 9   GAZA (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat's interim successor escaped  injury in a Gaza gunfight triggered by hostile militants on  Sunday as Palestinian officials set Jan. 9 for elections to  replace the late president and avert a feared power vacuum.	2
1	Bush Joins Efforts to Forge N.Irish Peace Deal  President Bush joined efforts to break a deadlock in the Northern Ireland peace process, telephoning Protestant leader Ian Paisley on Friday as negotiations ground on in London and Belfast.	0
0	Arafat to Be Moved to Ramallah Hospital  Two Palestinian women weep outside Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s headquarters in the West Bank town of Ramallah, Thursday Oct. 28, 2004.	2
1	Presidential candidates meet again  President George W. Bush and Senator John Kerry met Friday evening for their second debate in front if a crowd of undecided voters in Missouri.	0 1
0	McCain Endorses Bush, Defends Iraq War  NEW YORK - Sen. John McCain swept aside his long-running differences with President Bush on Monday and urged voters to re-elect him, offering a stout defense of Bush's decision to invade Iraq as the only way to keep that country from acquiring weapons of mass destruction...	0
1	Christopher Reeves #39; Widow Endorses Kerry  Sen. John Kerry on Thursday accused President Bush of slowing scientific advancement after earning a special endorsement from the widow of actor Christopher Reeve, a 	0 1
0	Bush Denounces Ads by Outside Groups  CRAWFORD, Texas - President Bush on Monday denounced campaign commercials aired by outside groups, including an ad that accuses John Kerry of lying about his combat record in Vietnam.   "That ad and every other ad" run by such groups have no place in the campaign, Bush said when asked about the commercial sponsored by Swift Boat Veterans For Truth that has roiled the race for the White House...	0 1
0	Probe launched into parliament intrusion  Britain has launched an inquiry into the first storming of its parliament since 1674 after a protest stunt revealed shambolic security at the heart of Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s government.	3
0	Bush Backs Authority for Intel Director  WASHINGTON - The White House unveiled plans Wednesday to give a new national intelligence director strong budgetary authority over much of the nation's intelligence community, a key provision in the Sept. 11 commission's recommendations...	0
1	US, Canada pledge to cooperate  US President George W. Bush and Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin sought today to mend fences after four years of strained relations aggravated by the US-led war on Iraq.	0
0	Arafat Admits Palestinians Made Mistakes  RAMALLAH, West Bank - Yasser Arafat acknowledged Wednesday that the Palestinian Authority had made mistakes, but the rare admission appeared to be aimed more at deflecting criticism about his corrupt government than making real changes.    In a decade at the helm of the Palestinian Authority, Arafat has resisted attempts to get him to fight official corruption, reform the security services and relinquish some of his near-absolute powers...	2
0	Gore and Kerry Unite in Search for Black Votes  As polls suggest gains for President Bush among black voters, Democrats are trying to solidify their bloc.	0
0	Blair rejects demands for inquiry into civilian deaths in Iraq  Prime Minister Tony Blair on Wednesday rejected demands that he set up an independent inquiry into the number of civilians killed in Iraq.	3
0	Bush, Kerry Resume Campaigns After Debate  ELYRIA, Ohio - No longer face to face but just as feisty, President Bush and Sen. John Kerry took their rolling argument on Iraq and the economy to more Midwest battleground states Saturday and chided each other for not being upfront with American voters...	0 1
1	Arafat to be buried in Ramallah when he dies: Palestinian <b>...</b>  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat will be buried at his headquarters in the West Bank town of Ramallah when he dies, Palestinian officials said Wednesday.	2
0	Blair and Chirac to Hold Downing St Talks  Tony Blair and Jacques Chirac will hold talks in London tomorrow - with Downing Street insisting their differences over Iraq and the UK-US relationship need not be a barrier to progress on other issues.	3
1	Sharon: Israel to assist Palestinian elections in every possible <b>...</b>  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Thursday evening that his country will assist the Palestinians in every possible way to hold a smooth election on Jan. 9 next year.	4
0	Bush Names Campaign Manager to Head GOP (AP)  AP - President Bush's choice to head the Republican Party said Monday he hopes to extend the GOP's grip on power in Washington.	0
0	Arafat fighting for his life; some powers shifted to Palestinian <b>...</b>  Yasser Arafat was reportedly fighting for his life Thursday at a French military hospital after losing consciousness, as anxious Palestinian officials transferred some of their 75-year-old leader #39;s powers to Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia.	2
3	In support of free speech   quot;I don #39;t think we ought to have 527s, quot; President Bush said the other day, referring to the political fund-raising and advocacy organizations that have sprouted in the wake of his signing the anti-free speech McCain-Feingold campaign-finance  quot;reform quot; law 	0
0	Bush, Kerry Open Final Month Even in Cash (AP)  AP - President Bush and John Kerry began October neck and neck in campaign cash, each with just under half of the  #36;75 million in government money they received to cover campaign costs.	0 1
0	Israel #39;s Labour Party raps Sharon aide #39;s remarks on pullout plan  Israel #39;s Labour Party lashed out Wednesday at a Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s aide who said the Gaza pullout plan was aimed at freezing the peace process.	4
1	Arafat collapses; condition  #39;serious #39;  Palestinian Authority President Yasser Arafat collapsed yesterday evening, was unconscious for about 10 minutes and remained in a  quot;very difficult situation, quot; Palestinian officials said.	2
1	Bush visits Chile for N. Korea arms talks  SANTIAGO, Chile - On his first foreign trip since being re-elected, President Bush is attending a regional summit this weekend with hopes of reviving diplomacy aimed at ending North Korea #39;s nuclear-arms program.	0
0	Blair Denies Going to War Erroneously (AP)  AP - Prime Minister Tony Blair on Wednesday denied leading Britain into war on a false prospectus, despite intelligence on the threat posed by Iraq being wrong.	3
0	The Death of Yasser Arafat  Contrary to Ariel Sharon #39;s recent demonization propaganda, Yasser Arafat was true to the cause of his people and was a man of peace when presented with a sincere opportunity -- witness the Oslo accords.	2 4
1	PA says Arafat not seriously ill  The Palestinian Authority Sunday denied reports Yasser Arafat has cancer and will be treated for the illness abroad, the Jerusalem Post reported.	2
0	Israeli Parliament readies to debate Gaza withdrawal plan  JERUSALEM The Israeli Parliament begins its first debate today on Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s (ah-ree-EL #39; shah-ROHNZ #39;) controversial plan to withdraw from Gaza and four West Bank settlements.	4
1	Dems #39; Senate hopes lie in GOP states  WASHINGTON - Democrats running for the Senate in Republican-leaning states want to be more like President Bush clearing brush in Crawford, Texas, than John Kerry windsurfing off Nantucket Island, Mass.	0 1
1	Kerry discusses economic plan, criticizes Bush #39;s jobs efforts  Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry #39;s speech to the Detroit Economic Club on Wednesday focused attention on his economic proposals and issued an indictment of President Bush #39;s policies.	0 1
0	Further North meetings planned today  The DUP leader, Ian Paisley, will meet the British prime minister, Tony Blair, in London this morning. In Dublin at noon the Taoiseach will hold talks with Sinn Fin #39;s Gerry Adams and Martin McGuinness.	3
0	Bush Says Kerry 'Wrong Man' for Wartime Presidency (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush said on Thursday John Kerry lacked the conviction to lead during a war and called him "the wrong man for the wrong job at the wrong time," mocking his Democratic rival's criticism of the Iraq war.	0 1
1	Kerry tells voters  #39;wake up #39; to choice  John Kerry told American voters yesterday to  quot;wake up quot; and realize they have a choice for a different direction in a president and commander in chief when they go to the polls on Tuesday.	1
0	Sharon faces party rebellion  Israeli PM Ariel Sharon faces members of his governing Likud Party over plans to pull settlements out of Gaza.	4
3	Global Markets: Stocks, Dollar Inch Up  Exit polls showing a tight race for the White House kept markets in suspense on Wednesday, with US stock futures and the dollar inching up as President Bush led in early counting.	0
1	Debate boosts Kerry into tie  Another new national poll shows John Kerry has found his mojo after last week #39;s debate with President Bush. Big time. Kerry is now tied - 49 to 49 - in a Gallup survey of likely voters taken over the last three days.	0 1
1	Texas Editor Defends Endorsing Kerry  WASHINGTON - The editor of the Crawford, Texas, weekly that bills itself as President Bush's hometown newspaper says he has no regrets about endorsing Bush's Democratic opponent John Kerry, even after a dozen business pulled their advertising from the publication.   "I'd do it again," Leon Smith, publisher of the Lone Star Iconoclast, told the Waco Tribune-Herald in Sunday's editions...	0 1
1	Stop The Press - Thursday 07, October-2004  And it was for the whole world. So much so that Iraq and the Middle East took a back seat and Bush and Kerry seemed terribly old hat.	0 1
1	Kerry: Bush Policies Full of Bad Choices  DETROIT Sept. 15, 2004 - Presidential candidate John Kerry, contending the Bush administration has created  quot;more excuses than jobs, quot; said Wednesday the Democratic ticket would shore up the middle class.	1
1	Israeli Parliament to Vote on Gaza Withdrawal Plan  The Israeli parliament, the Knesset, winds up a second day of debate on Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s controversial disengagement plan, with a vote on the issue planned for later Tuesday night.	4
0	Graphic Designer Fired After Heckling Bush (AP)  AP - A man who heckled President Bush at a political rally was fired from his job at an advertising and design company for offending a client who provided tickets to the event.	0
0	Bush Announces Plan for Troop Realignment  WASHINGTON - President Bush's plan to restructure U.S. military forces abroad includes bringing two Army divisions home from Cold War-era bases in Germany, and increasing the U.S...	0
0	Sharon #39;s risky choice  IN WINNING a crucial Knesset vote Tuesday in favor of his plan for a unilateral disengagement from Gaza, Israel #39;s Prime Minister Ariel Sharon resembled a leopard who, against all logic, changed a few of his spots.	4
1	Rove Says Bush Victory May Mark Republican Dominance (Update1)  President George W. Bush #39;s election victory may begin decades of Republican dominance in US politics, Karl Rove, the president #39;s chief political adviser, said.	0
1	US expresses hope to move forward Mideast peace  The United States said on Mondaythat it looks forward to moving forward the Middle East peace process no matter what happens to Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Blair faces rebellion over troop redeployment in Iraq  British Prime Minister Tony Blair faced a revolt on Wednesday from lawmakers who demanded a parliamentary vote on a US request to redeploy British troops in Iraq.	3
1	Bush, Kerry offer 2 views on Iraq, health care  President Bush and Democratic challenger John F. Kerry presented starkly contrasting views of Iraq and each other #39;s health care plans yesterday 	0 1
3	Kerry hits Bush on economy  Standing before a crowd of about 15,000 at the Tacoma Dome on Saturday, Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry ticked off a list of domestic problems he said President 	0 1
0	Tony Blair is Chastised for Deploying More of His Troops  Prime Minister Tony Blair faces strong dissent from British lawmakers over a decision to redeploy some of his countrys troops to Baghdad, as per a request from US government officials.	3
0	Sharon agrees deal with Labour to form new coalition  Ariel Sharon, Israeli prime minister, and Shimon Peres, Labour opposition leader, on Friday reached a deal on forming a new coalition early next week, their spokesmen said.	4
1	Bush Picks Treasury Deputy Bodman for Energy Post (Update7)  Deputy Secretary of the US Treasury Samuel W. Bodman, former chairman of chemical-maker Cabot Corp., was nominated by President George W. Bush to be energy secretary.	0
1	Last Day of Election Day 2004  VOTE 2004 - And then there was one. One day left to persuade voters you are the man to lead the United States. With polls indicating a dead heat, George W. Bush and John Kerry are barnstorming the country 	0 1
0	Palestinian Leader Tries to Win Militant Truce   GAZA (Reuters) - The interim Palestine Liberation  Organization (PLO) leader hopes to persuade militants in talks  on Tuesday to halt attacks on Israel to allow a smooth election  for a successor to Yasser Arafat next year, officials said.	2
0	Kerry Pressed to Step Up Attacks on Bush (AP)  AP - Anxiously watching President Bush's convention, Democratic leaders are urging John Kerry to step up his attack on the Republican incumbent before eroding approval ratings become a serious political problem.	0 1
0	Local Israeli And Palestinian Teens React To Arafat #39;s Death  The death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is deeply dividing an already torn Middle Eastern country. As Palestinians mourn the loss of their leader 	2
1	GOP Made  #39;Historic #39; Gains With Minority, Women Voters  Reflecting on President Bush #39;s  quot;historic quot; election victory, the chief strategist for the Bush-Cheney campaign is circulating a memo explaining what the Republicans did right 	0
0	Kerry Says Bush Weakens Middle Class (Reuters)  Reuters - Democrat John Kerry plans to accuse President Bush on Tuesday of weakening the middle class, many of whom fear losing their jobs.	0 1
3	A boost to his base  President George W. Bush #39;s nomination of Cuban-born Carlos M. Gutierrez for Commerce secretary fits neatly into a long-term strategy of boosting Republican prospects for national 	0
0	VIEW: Arafats ghost Barry Rubin  Rarely in history has a political movement been so deliberately set by its founder on a course towards chaos. Arafat not only left no successor, but also no order.	2
0	Lily Tuck Explores Roots of Rootlessness (AP)  AP - Like others who wanted John Kerry to defeat President Bush, author Lily Tuck was in such despair after Election Day that she wondered if she should remain in the United States. She thought of returning to her native Paris, the bane of Bush supporters, or at least hanging a French flag from the balcony of her apartment overlooking Madison Avenue. Then again, there is no flag to which Tuck would truly pledge allegiance, for she has never felt at home anywhere.	0 1
0	Blair and Paisley in Crisis Talks  Democratic Unionist leader the Rev Ian Paisley and Prime Minister Tony Blair will hold make-or-break talks today on a deal to revive power sharing at Stormont.	3
0	Israel's Sharon Lines Up Support for Likud Vote   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  marshalled support for Thursday's Likud party vote to bring the  Labor Party into a government that would block snap elections  and pave the way for a Gaza withdrawal next year.	4
1	Editorial: Kerry and the swift boat snipers  Two weeks into the face-off between John Kerry #39;s campaign and a group of veterans organized to ambush his candidacy, the argument has turned to the fine details.	1
1	Springsteen to Kick Off 'Vote for Change' (AP)  AP - Two of the biggest forces in rock music over the last 20 years were plugging in their amplifiers Friday to kick off a high-volume effort to oust President Bush on Nov. 2.	0
1	Tony Blair to undergo procedure for heart flutter  British Prime Minister Tony Blair is about to undergo heart procedure to correct a continuing  quot;flutter, quot; his office announced late Thursday.	3
0	Blair launches ad blitz for early polls  British Prime Minister Tony Blair is planning to call general elections in February, ahead of schedule, to maximise his present opinion poll advantage over his opponents.	3
0	Sharon declares 2005 year of  quot;great historic opportunity quot;  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, insisting that Israel has no wish to rule over the Palestinians, declared yesterday that 2005 would be  quot;the year of a great historic opportunity quot; in the Middle East.	4
0	Iraq Takes Center Stage In First Debate  Sen. John Kerry Thursday accused President Bush of committing a "colossal error in judgment" by invading Iraq. "The world is better off without Saddam Hussein," the president shot back in the first campaign debate, adding his rival once said so himself.	0 1
0	At UN, Bush Defends  Iraq War  President Bush defended his decision to go to war in Iraq in a speech on Tuesday to the United Nations, urging the world community to turn its attention to the fighting the war on terrorism and humanitarian concerns.	0
0	Kerry: Bush Lets Groups Do 'Dirty Work'  BOSTON - Sen. John Kerry accused President Bush on Thursday of relying on front groups to challenge his record of valor in Vietnam, asserting, "He wants them to do his dirty work."   Defending his record, the Democratic presidential candidate said, "Thirty years ago, official Navy reports documented my service in Vietnam and awarded me the Silver Star, the Bronze Star and three Purple Hearts."  "Thirty years ago, this was the plain truth...	0 1
1	Little love for Bush in street-packed Kerry rally with Clinton  PHILADELPHIA Elsewhere in Pennsylvania, he #39;s known as  quot;Mr. President. quot; At a rally today in the battleground state #39;s largest city, George W. Bush was derided loudly as a  quot;bum.	0 1
0	Bush Defends Decision to Pursue Missile Defense (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush defended his decision to pursue a missile defense system on Tuesday and said those who oppose the idea do not understand the dangers the country faces in the 21st century.	0
3	Snow: Cutting Budget Deficit Top Priority   LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury Secretary John Snow said  on Wednesday that cutting a record budget deficit was a top  priority for the second-term Bush administration and challenged  Europe to play its part in helping trim the U.S. trade gap by  boosting its own economic growth.	0
0	Iran rebuffs Kerry nuclear proposal  Washington says Iran plans to use its nuclear facilities to make atom bombs. Tehran says it merely wants to. US President George W. Bush wants Iran referred to the United Nations Security Council for possible sanctions.	0 1
0	Edwards Warns Floridians of GOP 'Tricks' (AP)  AP - Sen. John Edwards, visiting the state that narrowly put President Bush in the White House in 2000 after a disputed recount and voting irregularities, issued a warning Saturday to Floridians about Republicans.	0
0	Bush, Kerry brace for key presidential debate (AFP)  AFP - The US presidential candidates were set to go head to head in a bruising, high-stakes televised debate, with Republican incumbent George W. Bush aiming to lock in his lead in the race and Democratic challenger John Kerry banking on a comeback.	0 1
0	Bush Picks Alberto Gonzales to Replace Ashcroft at Justice Dept.  President Bush said that Alberto R.Gonzales had been "a calm and steady voice in times of crisis" as his White House counsel.	0
0	Chirac and Blair discuss hopes of repairing ties  French President Jacques Chirac met with British Prime Minister Tony Blair Thursday for talks on improving trans-Atlantic relations and the importance of pushing forward the Middle East peace process.	3
0	Sharon mulls coordinating plan with new Palestinian leadership  Jerusalem: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has said he would be willing to consider coordinating his unilateral plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip with the Palestinians if the new leadership shows willingness to fight  quot;terror quot;.	4
1	Some Democrats see debates as Kerry #39;s last chance for breakout  Because John Kerry trails President Bush in most national polls, the Democratic challenger seems to have the most to gain from a strong performance in the fall debates.	0 1
0	Stable Pakistan policy eyed in meeting with Bush  ISLAMABAD -- When Pakistan's president, Pervez Musharraf, meets with President Bush in Washington today, both leaders will have reason to thank the other: Musharraf for the  $1.2 billion arms package announced by the United States last month; Bush for Musharraf's struggle against Islamic militants and his role in ensuring peaceful elections in Afghanistan.	0
0	Bush Cuts Off News Conference in Colombia (AP)  AP - President Bush's distaste for news conferences isn't limited to his own backyard.	0
0	Bush Defends Pakistan's Hunt for Bin Laden (AP)  AP - President Bush on Saturday defended Pakistan's cooperation in the hunt for Osama bin Laden despite the inability of U.S. and Pakistani troops to find the al-Qaida leader who, Bush once declared, was wanted dead or alive.	0
0	Guard Supervisor Wrote to Bush's Father  WASHINGTON - The latest records to surface from President Bush's service in the Texas Air National Guard show that one commander took an unusual interest in the congressman's son during his basic training.    The officer in charge of the unit where Bush took his basic training wrote to then-Rep...	0
1	Bush Urged to Get Intelligence Bill Passed  Democrats and Republicans are urging President Bush to press holdout GOP lawmakers to get compromise legislation overhauling US intelligence agencies passed this year.	0
0	Bush to Sign Tax Cut Bill in Iowa  WASHINGTON - Just in time for the election, President Bush is going to one of the most contested states to sign his fourth tax cut in four years.    The White House is holding the signing ceremony Monday at a YMCA in Des Moines, Iowa - a Democratic area of a state that Bush lost by a razor-thin margin in 2000...	0
1	Peres predicts big Israeli pull-back  THE Israeli Labor party leader Shimon Peres, who is due to begin negotiations today over forming a coalition with the ruling Likud party, believes that Ariel Sharon will eventually be prepared to withdraw from more West Bank land than the small amount 	4
0	Kerry Lawyer Seeks Ohio Ballot Inspection (AP)  AP - Democrat John Kerry is asking county elections officials to allow his witnesses to inspect the 92,000 ballots cast in Ohio in which no vote for president was recorded, a Kerry lawyer said Sunday night.	1
0	Putin urges voters to back Bush  Russian President Valdimir Putin says terrorist attacks in Iraq are aimed at preventing the re-election of US President George W. Bush and 	0
0	Kerry Pledges to 'Destroy' Bin Laden (AP)  AP - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry pledged Friday "to hunt down and destroy" Osama bin Laden as a new videotape of the terrorist leader surfaced four days before the election.	1
1	Inclusive GOP? Fuggeddaboudit!  Cheney disagrees with Bush. Log Cabin fights for Unity Platform. These are pebbles in the ocean. The Republicans swarming into Manhattan this week are bringing a cynical message.	0
1	Bush nominates Leavitt for health secretary  President Bush has nominated EPA Administrator Mike Leavitt to replace Tommy Thompson as Health and Human Services secretary. Before joining the Environmental Protection Agency, Leavitt, 53, was governor of 	0
0	Sharon rejects talks with Syria  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has said he will not revive peace talks with Syria as long as Palestinian militant groups operate in Damascus.	4
1	Parallels Drawn Between CBS Memos, Texan #39;s Postings  The former Texas National Guard officer suspected of providing CBS News with possibly forged records on President Bush #39;s military service called on Democratic activists to wage  quot;war quot; against 	0
1	British PM flies to Sudan to press for peace  British Prime Minister Tony Blair arrived in Khartoum yesterday as the most senior official yet in a parade of Western government figures seeking to pressure the Sudanese over violence in Darfur.	3
0	Militant Chief Wounded in Israeli Strike in Gaza   GAZA (Reuters) - A militant leader survived an Israeli  missile strike on his car in Gaza on Thursday in Israel's first  assassination attempt in the Palestinian territories since  Yasser Arafat died in a Paris hospital.	2
0	Blair in Ethiopia to outline vision for Africa (AFP)  AFP - Prime Minister Tony Blair was due to outline his personal vision for the future of Africa at a meeting of the organisation he set up to spur development efforts in the region.	3
1	Bush, Kerry hustle in tight race states  Drilling deeper into the handful of swing states that will decide the presidency, Sen. John Kerry and President Bush embarked Saturday on a 72-hour campaign 	0 1
0	Bush, Kerry Differ on Approach to North Korea   SEOUL (Reuters) - President Bush and his rival, Senator  John Kerry, may have clashed over how to stop North Korea's  nuclear plans but their policies are not as far apart as their  first debate suggested, analysts said on Friday.	0
1	Bush Raises Questions About CBS Documents (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush questioned the authenticity of documents aired by CBS News that said he received special treatment during his Vietnam-era service in the National Guard, according to a Bush interview published on Saturday.	0
0	Tied Presidential Election Could Be Mother of All Messes (Reuters)  Reuters - A freak tie result in the presidential election could mean the House of Representatives would choose the next president, a scenario that would favor Republican incumbent George W. Bush.	0
3	Right- and left-click politics  The 2004 presidential race ended last week in a stunning defeat for Massachusetts Senator John F. Kerry, as incumbent President George W. Bush cruised to an easy victory.	0
1	Bush Administration Appeals Over Oregon Suicide Law  The Bush administration asked the Supreme Court on Tuesday to uphold Attorney General John Ashcroft #39;s power to stop Oregon doctors from helping terminally ill patients 	0
0	Despite waning support, Blair strikes defiant tone  British Prime Minister Tony Blair struck a defiant tone as his Labour Party prepared to open its annual conference yesterday, despite a pair of fresh opinion polls suggesting that support among voters is waning.	3
3	Bush v. Kerry on the Deficit  Both candidates have plans for dealing with our fiscal mess. But neither are addressing the real problems. By PERRY BACON JR. John Kerry uses all the right terms for a solution, complaining of  quot;deficits as 	1
0	Bush Calls McCain About Anti-Kerry Ads  LAS CRUCES, N.M. - President Bush wants to work with Republican Sen...	0
0	Kerry and Clinton Have Another Long Talk (AP)  AP - Days after Democrat John Kerry and former President Clinton had a lengthy, late-night telephone chat to discuss campaign strategy, the two were at it again on Thursday. Only this time, politics weren't involved, says a Kerry aide.	1
1	Bush, Kerry sharpen their differences on Iraq #39;s  #39;progress #39;  The debate over US policy in Iraq between President Bush and Democratic nominee John F. Kerry took center stage in the presidential campaign last week as Kerry laid out his most specific plans to date.	0 1
1	Arafat #39;s health reportedly deteriorating  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s health reportedly deteriorated Wednesday night, the BBC reported. Arafat has been under treatment at a Paris military hospital for an undisclosed 	2
1	Bush turns up the heat on N. Korea at APEC summit  Putting security threats at the top of his agenda, President Bush on Saturday won commitments from Russian and Asian leaders to press the North Koreans to eliminate their nuclear weapons programs.	0
0	Bush encourages more debt reduction for Iraq  US President George W. Bush on Sunday hailed an agreement by the Paris Club of creditor nations to cancel 80 percent of Iraq #39;s debt and called on other nations to join in as well.	0
0	Arafat Doctor: Let Us Know Why He Died  AMMAN, 13 November 2004 - The late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafats personal doctor has called for a public inquiry into the causes of his patients death in Paris.	2
0	Bush thanks Musharraf for anti-extremist offensive (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush thanked Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf for pursuing a military offensive in a remote area where Osama bin Laden may be hiding, senior US officials said.	0
1	Key Democrat Says Kerry #39;s Plan for Iraq Would be  #39;Aggressive #39;  In the US presidential race, both the Republican incumbent, President Bush, and the Democratic challenger, Senator John Kerry, have put forth similar visions for Iraq #39;s future, namely to create a stable environment for elections as soon as possible.	0 1
0	Bush warns Syria, Iran from the consequences of interfering in <b>...</b>  The US President George W. Bush has warned each of Iran and Syria from the consequences of interfering in the Iraqi affairs, saying that such an interference will not be in their interests.	0
3	Low job creation in September gives Kerry new ammunition  WASHINGTON _ In a report with political significance, the Labor Department said Friday that companies added 96,000 jobs to their payrolls last month, far short of the 150,000 increase that had been widely expected.	1
1	Bush Raps Kerry on Understanding of Terror  President Bush says he sees fresh signs John Kerry fundamentally misunderstands #39; #39; the war on terror. At a rally in New Mexico, the president jumped on a New York Times Magazine interview 	0 1
0	Bush and Kerry Trade Barbs Over Security (AP)  AP - Democrat John Kerry sought to undercut President Bush on national security Saturday by charging that he was trying to scare voters with talk of terrorism. Bush portrayed his opponent as indecisive and suffering from "election amnesia" with conflicting stands on Iraq.	0 1
0	British hostage cries for help  A KIDNAPPED Care Australia aid worker has tearfully begged British Minister Tony Blair to save her from beheading by Iraqi rebels.	3
0	UK Government Says Reports of February Election Speculation #39;  Reports that UK Prime Minister Tony Blair plans to call a general election in February are speculation, #39; #39; a UK government spokesman said.	3
1	Bush commends Congress on intel reform  President Bush Wednesday praised Congress for passing a massive intelligence reform bill after weeks of infighting to better protect the American people.	0
1	Blair admitted to Hammersmith Hospital for heart operation :  World News  gt; London, Oct 1 : British Prime Minister Tony Blair was today admitted to the Hammersmith Hospital in west London for corrective treatment of an irregular heartbeat.	3
0	Ohio Electors Vote Despite Challenge (AP)  AP - The Ohio delegation to the Electoral College cast its votes for President Bush on Monday, hours after dissident groups asked the state Supreme Court to review the outcome of the state's presidential race.	0
0	Bush to Tout Anti-Drug Efforts in Colombia  President Bush aims to highlight American drug-fighting aid in Colombia and boost a conservative Latin American leader with a stop in the Andean nation where thousands of security forces are deployed to safeguard his brief stay.	0
1	Bush, Kerry Take Jabs at Pre-Debate Rallies  President Bush headed Monday toward his first face-off with Sen. John F. Kerry by mocking his challenger as a vacillator who could spend the whole 	0
0	Bush, Kerry Exchange Bitter Words on Iraq  WASHINGTON - President Bush and Democratic rival John Kerry traded biting accusations over the war in Iraq on Monday as early Florida voting produced scattered complaints that stirred memories of the state's chaotic 2000 recount.    On a day of strikingly personal campaign rhetoric, Bush said his Democratic challenger stands for "protest and defeatism" in Iraq...	0 1
0	China Lashes Out at Bush Foreign Policy on Eve of US Election  On the eve of the US presidential election, China has accused President Bush of trying to rule the world and says the Iraq war has made global terrorism and ethnic conflicts worse.	0
0	An option slips away: Gaza withdrawal plan becomes more perilous  Seven months ago, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s astonishing announcement of a plan to withdraw all the Jewish settlements in the Gaza Strip ignited a tiny spark of hope among people searching for some way out of another ghastly intifada.	4
0	Kerry Accuses Bush Admin. on Troop Plan  ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. - Democratic Sen...	1
1	Arafat #39;s top lieutenants en route to Paris  Palestinian leaders rushed to Paris on Monday to check on the critically ill Yasser Arafat, but hospital officials said visiting rights were restricted - setting the stage 	2
1	Education pick comes from inside Bush circle  Margaret Spellings has deep Texas roots in educational reform, the model for 2002 No Child Left Behind Act. By Gail Russell Chaddock  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.	0
1	Political showdown 2004  While George Bush has been leading the War in Iraq, John Kerry has been waging war with himself. Heresa glimpse into Kerrys convictions: Oct. 11, 2002: Kerry votes to authorize the use of force to depose 	1
0	Musharraf arrives in UK for talks  Pakistan's President Pervez Musharraf arrives in London to hold talks with British Prime Minister Tony Blair.	3
0	September Job Growth Less Than Forecast  WASHINGTON - Companies added 96,000 jobs to their payrolls in September, fewer than economists forecast for the last employment report before Election Day, highlighting a modest pace of hiring that has become an issue in President Bush's bid for another term.    The four hurricanes striking Florida and other coastal states the past two months "appears to have held down employment growth, but not enough to change (the overall jobs picture) materially," the Labor Department said Friday in assessing September's national employment situation...	0
0	Barghouthi Drops Out of Palestinian Election  Jailed Palestinian uprising leader Marwan Barghouthi has pulled out of a Jan. 9 presidential election to succeed Yasser Arafat, a close aide said on Sunday.	2
1	Bush aims for Florida #39;s heart and Kerry goes for Ohio #39;s soul  A BEAMING George W. Bush turned a campaign dash across Florida into a family affair yesterday, barnstorming with his wife and brother and cracking jokes about his mother.	0 1
0	Covering the Campaign Trail in N.H. (AP)  AP - Sen. John Kerry of neighboring Massachusetts is a known quantity in New Hampshire, but it's not known whether that will help or hurt him Nov. 2.	1
0	Arafat #39;s Widow Retrieves Medical Records  In this picture released by the Palestinian Authority, Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, center, shakes hands with doctors at his compound in the West Bank town of Ramallah, in this Oct. 28, 2004 file photo.	2
0	Arafat Opens Eyes, Communicating - Israeli Report   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Palestinian President Yasser Arafat  has partially emerged from his coma in a French hospital,  opening his eyes and communicating with his doctors, an Israeli  newspaper Web site said Saturday citing Palestinian sources.	2
1	Arafat #39;s Condition Is Reported to Worsen  The condition of Yasir Arafat, the Palestinian leader, who has been undergoing treatment in a French hospital since last week for an unidentified ailment, has 	2
1	Bush outlines his ambitions for next term  Promising an aggressive foreign and domestic agenda in his second term, President Bush suggested yesterday that his re-election means  quot;the people have spoken and embraced your point of view.	0
0	Arafat Has Liver Failure, Palestinian Official Says   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian President  Yasser Arafat has liver failure and his condition is not  improving at the French military hospital where he is being  treated, a Palestinian official said on Sunday.	2
1	Bush  #39;hopes #39; for Palestinian state  President George W. Bush on Friday promised to mobilise international efforts to create an independent, democratic and viable Palestinian state at peace with Israel in the wake of the death of Yasser Arafat.	0 2
0	UK Politicians Start Bid to Impeach Blair on Iraq (Reuters)  Reuters - Parliamentarians and celebrity campaigners launched a bid on Wednesday to impeach Tony Blair for "gross misconduct" over his justification for the Iraq war.	3
0	Bush, Kerry, Parties Spending  #36;40M on Ads (AP)  AP - President Bush, Sen. John Kerry and their political parties are spending nearly  #36;40 million on TV ads in the final week of the presidential campaign as they adjust their strategies in a shrinking battleground.	0 1
0	Bush, Kerry Sling Arrows in Tossup States  SUNRISE, Fla. - President Bush accused Sen...	0
1	Senate approves corporate tax bill  The Senate gave final approval Monday to the most significant corporate tax legislation in nearly 20 years, sending President Bush a sprawling, 650-page measure that closes 	0
0	Bush strategist Karl Rove takes victory lap after election win (AFP)  AFP - Karl Rove, chief strategist behind President George W. Bush's successful bid to recapture the White House, took a victory lap around the US talk shows, expounding on the strategy of the campaign he had stage-managed from the shadows, and the future of US politics.	0
1	Bush, Kerry trade accusations over missing explosives in Iraq  US President George W. Bush and his Democratic rival John Kerry traded accusations Wednesday over the missing of nearly 380 tons of explosives in Iraq as the two candidates 	0 1
1	Bush begins day at church; later to attend Kennedy Center honors  WASHINGTON Tonight, President Bush will attend a star-studded event at the Kennedy Center. He began his day by attending church, before heading out on his mountain bike.	0
0	Soldier, 2 Militants Die in Renewed Gaza Fighting   GAZA (Reuters) - An Israeli soldier and two Palestinian  militants were killed on Tuesday in the heaviest Gaza fighting  since Yasser Arafat's death, raising the prospect that renewed  violence could complicate a vote for his successor.	2
0	Blair to undergo heart treatment in hospital  Prime Minister Tony Blair is due to go into hospital for treatment to correct an irregular heartbeat, Downing Street has said. Mr Blair, 51, will be sedated during the non-invasive two-and-a-half hour procedure, called a catheter ablation.	3
1	Bush, Kerry Hope to Win Voters in Debate  CORAL GABLES, Fla. Sept. 29, 2004 - Two candidates, two very different tasks for the first presidential debate. John Kerry has to convince voters they should throw President Bush out of office for his actions 	0 1
1	Film Walks Line Between Kerry Ad and War Documentary  "Going Upriver: The Long War of John Kerry," set to premiere at the Toronto Film Festival, stakes out new territory at the crossroads of politics and cinema.	1
0	AP Poll: Voters Most Want Stable Iraq (AP)  AP - As President Bush mulls what to do after winning re-election, voters say his first priority should be resolving the situation in Iraq, where the fighting is growing more intense.	0
0	Next President to Face Pressure on Taxes (AP)  AP - At their national convention, Republicans were short on specifics on how to pay for an economic agenda in a second Bush administration. One reason is that President Bush could end up having to back a tax increase, just as his father did.	0
1	Bush deserves credit for taking out the tools to fix Social <b>...</b>  President Bush plans to make the case for reforming Social Security at the economic summit he will open Wednesday. He couldn #39;t pick a more ambitious, or more devilish, domestic project.	0
0	Bush Mocks Kerry's Leadership Credentials  KING OF PRUSSIA, Pa. - President Bush mocked John Kerry's fitness to be commander in chief Wednesday, saying the way to bring U.S...	0 1
1	Brown speaks of sympathy for Bigley  Gordon Brown has extended his sympathies to the family of Kenneth Bigley, the British hostage being held in Iraq, as Mr Bigley #39;s brother criticised Tony Blair.	3
0	The Terrorist Statesman Took Peace Nowhere  Yasser Arafat #39;s last days on earth, a subject of intense interest throughout much of the world, have evoked mixed emotions in the country that was his life #39;s obsession: Israel.	2
1	Israel #39;s Sharon Agrees to Changes to W. Bank Barrier  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon agreed to changes in the route of Israel #39;s West Bank barrier on Monday but insisted on keeping key Jewish settlement blocks inside, political sources said.	4
0	Arafat  quot;will get what he deserves quot;, warns Israeli PM  JERUSALEM : Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon renewed his threats against arch-enemy Yasser Arafat, insisting the Palestinian leader  quot;would get what he deserves quot; as he recalled the fate of two assassinated leaders of the radical Hamas movement.	2 4
1	Bush urges Kerry to condemn attack ads  President Bush on Monday called for the so-called 527 groups to stop airing political ads, but he did not directly condemn commercials by the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth that have attacked Sen. John Kerry #39;s war record.	0 1
1	Blair faces Iraq troops-out vote  Tony Blair is under pressure from his own party to name a date for pulling British troops out of Iraq. The issue is set to dominate the final day of Labour #39;s conference in Brighton, with delegates set to vote on a motion forced by party members.	3
1	IDF steps up Gaza drive after Qassams kill 2 in Sderot  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon was quoted Thursday as ordering security forces to  quot;do everything in order to put an end to Qassam fire, after two small children were killed when two Hamas rockets fired from the Gaza Strip struck the Negev town of Sderot on 	4
0	Front-Porch Chat: Birth of a Kerry Campaign Tactic  John Kerry has held 10 "front porch visit" events  an actual front porch is optional  where perhaps 100 people ask questions in a low-key campaigning style.	1
1	Bush: Kerry Jumps to Conclusions  The Kerry campaign has demanded a response from President Bush about the 380 tons of explosives missing in Iraq, and on Wednesday it got one:  quot;A political candidate who jumps 	0
1	As Questions Keep Coming, Ohio Certifies Its Vote Count  The Ohio secretary of state officially certified on Monday that President Bush won that swing state by roughly 119,000 votes, but an array of Democrats, third 	0
1	Charges Dropped in Case of 'W' Dollars  GREENSBURG, Pa. - A case of funny money has ended happily for a woman who had been charged with passing a bogus  $200 bill with President Bush's picture on it.  Prosecutors in Pennsylania's Westmoreland County dropped all charges Friday against Deborah L. 	0
0	Palestinians to see Arafat despite wife #39;s fury  Palestinian leaders headed to Paris on Monday to see critically ill President Yasser Arafat at a French military hospital despite a scathing attack by his wife who accused them of plotting to  quot;bury him alive.	2
0	Arafat calls for release of French journos  Ramallah, West Bank - Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat issued an urgent call for the immediate release of two French journalists who were taken hostage in Iraq last week, a statement released by his office said late on Sunday.	2
0	Venezuela Slams U.S. Over Human Trafficking Sanctions   CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Venezuela on Monday accused  the United States of imperialist blackmail after President Bush  ordered a cut in U.S. assistance because he said the South  American state was not doing enough to fight the trafficking of  women and children for sex.	0
0	New Israeli-Palestinian ties buoy peace hopes -UN  Israeli-Palestinian cooperation since Palestinian President Yasser Arafat #39;s death has helped buoy hopes for a revived West Asia peace process, the top UN envoy for the Middle East said.	2
0	Bush, Kerry Spar on Iraq, Explosives (AP)  AP - President Bush summoned support from Democrats whose "dreams and goals are not found in the far left wing" of their own party on Wednesday in a late-campaign appeal for crossover votes. Sen. John Kerry said that when it comes to Iraq, the man in the White House "doesn't get it, and he can't fix it."	0 1
0	Excerpts From the Presidential Campaign (AP)  AP - Excerpts of remarks Wednesday by President Bush in Mason City, Iowa, and Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry in Waterloo, Iowa, as transcribed by e-Media Millworks Inc.	0 1
1	Aiming at Bush, but felling Rather  Bill Burkett of Baird, Texas, will have a prominent place in the annals of political trickery. He #39;ll be remembered as the one who aimed at President Bush and felled the mighty Dan Rather and  quot;60 Minutes.	0
1	Bush taps top Latino exec  WASHINGTON - President Bush on Monday nominated Carlos Gutierrez, among the most prominent Hispanic business executives in the United States, to be his new Commerce secretary, as the president continued with what Republicans said would be a broad overhaul 	0
0	Palestinian Leaders Decide on Law-And-Order Plan (Reuters)  Reuters - Palestinian leaders decided in the absence of President Yasser Arafat on Sunday to carry out a plan to restore law and order in the West Bank and Gaza, a government minister said.	2
0	Kerry Warns Draft Possible if Bush Wins  WASHINGTON - John Kerry said Friday there is a "great potential" for a new military draft to replace overextended U.S. troops in Iraq if President Bush wins a second term, despite Bush's repeated pledges to maintain the all-volunteer service...	0 1
0	US Signals Flexibility on Israeli Settlement Growth   CRAWFORD, Texas (Reuters) - The Bush administration  signaled on Saturday that it may accept limited growth within  existing Israeli settlements in the West Bank in a shift that  could help embattled Prime Minister Ariel Sharon.	4
0	Reuters Poll: Kerry Trims Bush Lead to 2 Points (Reuters)  Reuters - Democratic challenger John Kerry cut President Bush's lead to 2 points with just over two weeks to go before the Nov. 2 election, according to a Reuters/Zogby poll released Sunday.	0 1
0	Kerry Uses Bush's Own Words to Call Him Unfit (Reuters)  Reuters - Democratic challenger John Kerry turned President Bush's own words into a weapon on Thursday and said it was the Republican incumbent who had jumped to conclusions in Iraq, disqualifying him from being commander in chief.	0 1
0	Jail threat for Gaza settlers  JERUSALEM: Israeli prison authorities have received orders to prepare for the eventual internment of hundreds of settlers opposed to Ariel Sharon #39;s planned withdrawal from the Gaza Strip.	4
0	Report: PM willing to back Blair #39;s proposed peace conference  According to the British daily The Independent, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is willing to back a Middle East peace conference planned for early next year by British Prime Minister Tony Blair.	3 4
0	It #39;s the Occupation, Stupid  Four years ago on Sept. 28, 2000, when Ariel Sharon made his operatic visit to the Temple Mount, no one could have predicted how dire the situation would become so quickly: close to 6,000 dead; the building 	4
0	Bush Faces Busy January Calendar (AP)  AP - A packed calendar awaits President Bush after his vacation in Texas: filling a gaping hole in his Cabinet, preparing his inaugural and State of the Union speeches, finalizing a new budget, keeping close watch on the upcoming elections in Iraq and promoting his second-term agenda.	0
0	Bush, Kerry Lob Post-Debate Assaults  LAS VEGAS - President Bush criticized Sen. John Kerry as a liberal trying to hide from his own record Thursday as the two men entered the last, post-debate lap of a close race for the White House...	0 1
0	Bush and Kerry Follow Debate With Sharp Jabs  President Bush attacked John Kerry on Iraq, taking a more aggressive approach than he had during the debate.	0 1
0	Bush Visits Embassy, Offers Condolences  WASHINGTON - President Bush made an unexpected visit to the Russian Embassy on Sunday where he signed a book of condolences for victims of the school hostage seizure and expressed outrage at the actions of "evil terrorists."  "The atrocities that took place in the school were beyond comprehension," the president told reporters after writing a one-page note in the book.   "Many in America and, I know, many Russians cannot conceive the heart of a person who could mow down innocent children...	0
0	Bush Seeks Aid for Fla. Hurricane Victims  LAKE WALES, Fla. - President Bush, touring hurricane-battered Florida on his way to Thursday night's presidential debate, pressed Congress on Wednesday to approve his latest request for emergency federal aid for storm victims, this time for more than  $7 billion...	0
1	Bush Promises All Who Most Need Flu Shots Will Get Them  President Bush today defended his administration #39;s efforts to provide the public with an adequate supply of flu vaccine, blaming a production flaw abroad for the shortage and pledging that 	0
0	Bush to Meet With Latin American Allies  President Bush is tacking on visits with two Latin American allies to his trip to Chile for a gathering of Asia-Pacific leaders later this month.	0
1	JEFF SMYTH: THE CONTRAST BETWEEN JOHN KERRY AND OTHER WAR HEROES <b>...</b>  Presidential hopeful John Kerry wants to talk about issues, not his heroics as a naval officer during the Vietnam War. President George W. Bush has called for all third-party groups to stop running TV ads disparaging him and his opponent.	0 1
0	Blair prepares crucial party speech  Tony Blair faces one of the trickiest speeches of his career today, seeking to win back his Labour party after rifts over Iraq and spell out new policies to set up next year #39;s re-election bid.	3
1	Bush Raises Questions About CBS Documents  President Bush questioned the authenticity of documents aired by CBS News that said he received special treatment during his Vietnam-era service in the National Guard, according to a Bush interview published on Saturday.	0
0	With eye toward future, Palestinians mourn Arafat   RAMALLAH, West Bank -- Palestinians yesterday mourned the death of Yasser Arafat, quickly installed new officials in the top positions that he held, and vowed to create the first true democracy in the Arab world.	2
3	Mandelson reopens Blair-Brown split with attack on Chancellor  Peter Mandelson dramatically reopened the split between the supporters of Tony Blair and Gordon Brown yesterday when he accused the Chancellor of 	3
0	Brown speaks of sympathy for Bigley  Gordon Brown has extended his sympathies to the family of Kenneth Bigley, the British hostage being held in Iraq, as Mr Bigley #39;s brother criticised Tony Blair.	3
1	House Republican revolt hands Bush surprise defeat on intelligence <b>...</b>  In a defeat for President George W. Bush, rebellious Republicans in the House of Representatives derailed legislation Saturday to overhaul US intelligence agencies along lines recommended by the Sept.	0
0	Israeli Labour  amp; Sharon in coalition talks  Coalition peace talks have begun between Israel #39;s opposition Labour party and the Prime Minister, Ariel Sharon. Labour leader Shimon Peres said that his party want a guarantee that the government fulfils its 	4
1	Voter outreach: Democrat John Kerry campaigns in Miami on Friday  After months of the tightest presidential election contest in recent memory, a new NEWSWEEK poll suggests momentum may be moving toward President George W. Bush.	0 1
1	Sharon seeks backing for pullout from Gaza  Israeli leader tells lawmakers that his plan is the only way for the nation to be secure. JERUSALEM -- Israel gave Yasser Arafat permission Monday to leave his compound briefly to receive medical treatment 	2
0	French hostility a chronic problem  PARIS -- US diplomats here respond to Jacques Chirac #39;s continued Yankee-bashing following George W. Bush #39;s re-election by saying the French president is out of step with his people, who are not nearly that anti-American.	0
0	Protesters Disrupt Convention Gathering  NEW YORK - Anti-war demonstrators disrupted a Republican youth gathering on the floor of the party convention Wednesday, shortly after President Bush's twin daughters left the stage.    Jenna and Barbara Bush introduced White House chief of staff Andrew Card...	0
1	Kerry: Bush Won #39;t Own Up to Bad Decisions  Democratic candidate John Kerry accused President Bush on Tuesday of hiding bad decisions and raised the specter of bad news still to be revealed.	0 1
0	Analysis: Egypt steps into the regional ring  Something big is happening in Cairo. It isn #39;t just the release of Azzam Azzam from wrongful imprisonment as an alleged spy, or nice words from President Hosni Mubarak about Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, or the return of the Egyptian ambassador.	4
0	Ex-Lawmaker Says He Helped Bush With Guard (AP)  AP - Former Texas House Speaker Ben Barnes said he is "more ashamed at myself than I've ever been" because he helped President Bush and the sons of other wealthy families get into the Texas National Guard so they could avoid serving in Vietnam.	0
0	UK hostage appeals for Blair's help  BAGHDAD -- A British hostage threatened with death by a militant Islamic group appealed to Prime Minister Tony Blair of Britain yesterday to save his life by ordering the release of all women held in Iraqi prisons.	3
1	Cabinet moves to consolidate control  In his choice of Rice as secretary of State and Gonzales as attorney general, President Bush prizes loyalty over change. By Peter Grier  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.	0
1	Israeli Labor to open talks on coalition government  The Labor Party Central Committee on Saturday decided to open talks with the ruling Likud of Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon about forming a new coalition government, an Israeli TV channel reported.	4
1	Sharon, Abbas Say They #39;re Willing to Meet  Description: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and leading Palestinian presidential candidate Mahmoud Abbas tell Newsweek they are willing to meet on the future of Israel #39;s disengagement from Gaza and the so-called  quot;road map quot; to peace in the region.	4
0	Arafat #39;s decline opportunity for Mideast  Yasser Arafat #39;s failing health gives President Bush a chance to promote a dialogue with the Palestinians that was largely abandoned two years ago because 	0 2
0	Bush, Kerry to Meet in Key Debate Tonight  CORAL GABLES, Fla. - After a deluge of campaign speeches and hostile television ads, President Bush and challenger John Kerry will get their chance to face each other directly Thursday night before an audience of tens of millions of voters in a high-stakes debate about terrorism, the Iraq war and the bloody aftermath...	0 1
0	Arafat heir beats off Fatah  #39;old guard #39;  The man widely expected to succeed Yasser Arafat in next year #39;s Palestinian elections, Mahmoud Abbas, yesterday appeared to win a power struggle in the dominant Fatah movement after a bloody gun battle in Gaza City.	2
1	The Day After  After months of an intensive campaign, Americans go to the polls on Tuesday to decide who will lead them for the next four years. Will the Republican candidate and incumbent George W. Bush be chosen to lead 	0
0	World Recalls Arafat the Icon, Hopes for Peace   LONDON (Reuters) - Thousands poured onto Palestinian  streets to mourn Yasser Arafat on Thursday while world leaders  praised him as an icon of his people's struggle whose death  could usher in a new Middle East peace drive.	2
1	Leaders say they are willing to meet after election  Israel #39;s prime minster and the man expected to lead the Palestinians following the death of Yasser Arafat are willing to meet, they said at the weekend.	2
0	Former POWs Blame Kerry for Captivity (AP)  AP - Former U.S. prisoners of war who blamed their years of captivity in Vietnam on activists such as John Kerry are the only voices in a documentary that Sinclair Broadcasting has decided not to air in its entirety.	1
1	Arafat lingers; burial furor heats up  Gravely ill and comatose, Yasser Arafat clung to life in a French hospital Friday as Israeli officials vowed to prevent the Palestinian leader from being buried in Jerusalem, stoking 	2
1	Poll Indicates Bush, Kerry Deadlocked Again  A new poll suggests that the race has once again settled into a virtual tie. In the days after the Republican National Convention, a poll by the Pew Research Center found Bush ahead of Sen. John Kerry 52 percent 	0 1
0	UK troops in Iraq start moving north  A battle group of British troops began to roll out of southern Iraq Wednesday on a US-requested mission to deadlier areas near Baghdad in a major political gamble for British Prime Minister Tony Blair.	3
0	Labour denies plan for February poll  LABOUR officials yesterday dismissed reports that Tony Blair is contemplating a snap general election in February and insisted that May remained the most likely time for the poll.	3
0	Kerry Links Iraq War, U.S. Economic Woes  WASHINGTON - Democrat John Kerry sought to link the Iraq war to U.S. economic woes on Wednesday, calling President Bush's move against Baghdad a "catastrophic choice" that so far has drained  $200 billion in needed resources at home...	0 1
1	Coming Soon: Kerry's 'Apocalypse Now'  Both presidential candidates would like the Vietnam issue to go away, but the war in Iraq is a constant reminder of its Southeast Asian predecessor.	1
0	Israelis, Palestinians at Odds Over U.S. Election (Reuters)  Reuters - If Israeli settler Rachel Saperstein could decide the outcome of the U.S. election, President Bush would beat Democratic challenger John Kerry by a landslide.	0 1
1	After First Debate, Bush Still Leads Kerry  President Bush continues to lead rival Sen. John F. Kerry among likely voters despite surging enthusiasm for Kerry among Democrats and new doubts about whether the president 	0 1
1	Bush policy adviser up for education post  Twenty years after she toiled on an education reform agenda as a legislative staffer in the Texas Capitol, Margaret Spellings on Wednesday was nominated by President Bush to become the nation #39;s top education official.	0
0	Edwards: Religion Shouldn't Divide Voters (AP)  AP - John Edwards says voters should know that religion is important to him and to presidential candidate John Kerry but the issue shouldn't be used to divide people in the election.	1
0	Blair attends service for Bigley  Prime Minister Tony Blair has attended a multi-faith memorial service for Kenneth Bigley, the hostage who was beheaded by Iraqi militants last month re-igniting anti-war feelings across the country.	3
0	Integrity of Florida E-Voting in Doubt (AP)  AP - With polls showing nearly equal numbers of Florida voters for President Bush and Sen. John Kerry, the election's outcome may again hinge on a Florida recount. And the more that Floridians learn about how voting machines work, the more they question whether the 15 counties with paperless voting systems can accurately count and recount votes.	0 1
1	Kerry #39;s looking for American failure -- and he #39;s it  Before John Kerry, the only alumni of Swiss finishing schools I #39;d ever met (in my younger days) were a certain type of lively English girl, a couple of minor princesses from 	1
1	Bush launches Kerry counterattack  US President George W. Bush has accused his Democratic rival John Kerry of shifting his position. on Iraq and reaffirmed his own commitment to the war.	0 1
0	Kerry to Visit Iraq During Mideast Trip (AP)  AP - Former Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry will travel to Iraq next month as the war-torn country prepares for elections.	1
0	Arafat to Be Buried in Ramallah  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, who remained in a deep coma and close to death at a hospital outside of Paris Wednesday, will be buried at his battered headquarters compound in the West Bank city of Ramallah, just north of Jerusalem, following a state funeral in Cairo, Palestinian, Israeli and Egyptian officials said.	2
1	Bush Administration to Purchase Flu Shot from Germany  In answer to this year #39;s flu shot shortage, the Bush administration said yesterday that they intend to buy 1.2 million doses of flu vaccine from a plant in Germany.	0
0	CBS News on defensive as fresh revelations emerge on Bush report (AFP)  AFP - The CBS television network was forced onto the defensive again as fresh revelations emerged concerning a critical report it broadcast on President George W. Bush's National Guard service in the 1970s.	0
0	Kerry Will Begin Ad Blitz in Seven States  NEW YORK - John Kerry will begin his post-Labor Day advertising blitz in seven states from New Hampshire to New Mexico, his political Ground Zero for a  $50 million campaign scheduled to expand into another 13 states by Nov. 2...	1
0	Bush To Thank Canada For 9/11 Aid  OTTAWA (CBS) President Bush was traveling Wednesday to Nova Scotia to give the Canadians a belated  quot;thank you quot; for helping Americans in the aftermath of the Sept.	0
0	Intel Panel Democrats Not Yet Sold on Goss  WASHINGTON - Democrats on the Senate Intelligence Committee are mum or undecided about whether they will support President Bush's nominee to head the CIA, saying they're still concerned about his independence and objectivity.    During a 4 1/2-hour confirmation hearing for former House Intelligence Chairman Porter Goss, R-Fla., the panel's Democrats appeared most concerned about his Republican background and recent politically charged comments...	0
0	Spanish PM Having Trouble Congratulating Bush  World leaders have been flooding President Bush with congratulatory calls since his reelection victory, but at least one -- Spain #39;s Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero -- appears to be having trouble getting through.	0
0	Iraq's Yawar: 'Armies of Darkness' Won't Stop Vote   BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq's interim president told George W.  Bush at the White House on Monday that the "armies of darkness"  would not stop Iraqis voting next month, even though there is  no let up in insurgents' efforts to wreck the election.	0
0	Sharon rejects settler demands over Gaza withdrawal  JERUSALEM - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on Sunday rejected calls from Jewish settlers to hold a nationwide referendum on his plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip, escalating an increasingly bitter dispute between the one-time allies.	4
0	Bush, Kerry feud over Vietnam, economy, Iraq, Darfur (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush and Democratic White House hopeful John Kerry sparred on the economy, the Iraq war and the humanitarian crisis in Darfur, and continued their war of words over Bush's national guard stint to avoid the Vietnam War.	0 1
0	Kerry, Bush Clash Over Iraq and Allawi  PHILADELPHIA - Clashing over Iraq, Sen. John Kerry said Friday that President Bush's policies made the war against terror harder to win and "let Osama bin Laden slip away." Bush chastised his Democratic rival for questioning the motives of Iraq's interim prime minister...	0 1
0	Arafat's Jordanian Physician Urges Autopsy (AP)  AP - Yasser Arafat's Jordanian physician on Friday urged an autopsy be performed on the Palestinian leader because of the mystery surrounding his illness and death.	2
1	Bush tours hurricane-hit states  PENSACOLA, FLA. - US President George W. Bush toured parts of Florida and Alabama on Sunday to see for himself the damage caused by Hurricane Ivan.	0
0	Re-Election May Not Bear Bush Promises (AP)  AP - On the campaign trail, belting out promises for the next four years, President Bush exudes confidence and optimism. Yet the reality of a second term is that Bush would be boxed in by many of the momentous decisions he made in the first.	0
1	What if Bush is right?  As I listened to President Bush and Senator Kerry debate the war in Iraq, I felt I was hearing a variation on whether the beer  quot;tastes great quot; or is  quot;less filling.	0 1
1	President Bush #39;s Lead Balloon  e did not expect President Bush to come before the United Nations in the middle of his re-election campaign and acknowledge the serious mistakes his administration has made on Iraq.	0
0	Medal of Freedom goes to three  WASHINGTON -- President Bush is awarding the nation's highest civilian honor to three men central to his Iraq policy, the White House announced yesterday.	0
2	Kerry, Bush campaigns spar over basking in Red Sox win  Democratic Sen. John Kerry, a self-proclaimed resident of Red Sox Nation, donned a Boston cap Thursday and hailed his hometown team #39;s first World Series championship in 86 years.	0 1
0	Kerry Accuses Bush of Incompetence on Iraq  NEW YORK - Staking out new ground on Iraq, Sen. John Kerry said Monday he would not have overthrown Saddam Hussein had he been in the White House, and he accused President Bush of "stubborn incompetence," dishonesty and colossal failures of judgment...	0 1
1	Local Israeli And Palestinian Teens React To Arafat #39;s Death  The death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is deeply dividing an already torn Middle Eastern country. As Palestinians mourn the loss of their leader 	2
0	Italy release raises British hopes  The brother of a British engineer kidnapped in Iraq said he was encouraged by the release of two Italian aid workers held hostage in the country for three weeks, while Prime Minister Tony Blair said the British government was 	3
1	Arafat leukaemia ruled out  THE personal physician to Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat has ruled out leukaemia as the cause of the illness that saw him collapse yesterday.	2
0	Bush Urges World to Unite With Iraq  UNITED NATIONS - President Bush, defending his decision to invade Iraq, urged a vast assembly of world leaders Tuesday to stand united with the country's struggling government and said the proper response to spreading violence "is not to retreat, it is to prevail."   The country's prime minister, Ayad Allawi, offered an upbeat assessment after Bush's speech to the General Assembly of the United Nations, saying, "We are winning, we are making progress in Iraq, we are defeating terrorists," even as insurgents claimed they had killed a second American hostage in two days.    Of the brutal slayings, Bush said, "We will not allow these thugs and terrorists to decide your fate and to decide our fate."   Yet in a sign of continuing world unease with the situation, U.N...	0
1	Israel Plans for Arafat Burial in Gaza  Candles and flowers surround a portrait of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat in front of the Percy Military Teaching hospital in Clamart outside Paris Saturday, Nov. 6, 2004.	2
0	Our Opinion  On learning of Yasser Arafat #39;s death, UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan ordered the United Nation #39;s flag lowered to half staff.	2
0	Kerry Camp Makes Video to Defuse Attacks (AP)  AP - Sen. John Kerry's campaign released a video Saturday comparing the controversy over Kerry's Vietnam service to attacks on John McCain during the 2000 Republican primaries.	1
0	Weakened Arafat Heads for France, Cancer Suspected   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian leader Yasser  Arafat, weakened by what doctors think may be leukemia, flew  for treatment in France on Friday from the besieged West Bank  headquarters where he had been pinned for over 2-1/2 years.	2
1	Blackwill in shock stepdown  Washington, Nov. 6: In the jockeying for power in the second administration of President George W. Bush, his former ambassador to India, Robert D. Blackwill, has lost out and is quitting the government.	0
1	Dow winds blow in favour of Kerry  INVESTORS and traders lean to the Republicans, but the Dow is sending a signal that George W. Bush is going to lose office. Since 1904, the incumbent has failed to win re-election if the Dow falls by 0.5 per cent or more in October.	0
1	POLL-Kerry Opens Three-Point Lead on Bush  Democratic challenger John Kerry expanded his slight lead over President Bush to three points in a tight race for the White House, according to a Reuters/Zogby poll released on Monday.	0 1
1	Bush, Kerry camps spar over reinstating draft  President Bush mocked John Kerry #39;s fitness to be commander in chief yesterday, saying the way to bring US troops home from Iraq  quot;is not to wilt or waver.	0 1
1	Bush defends Iraq decisions  WASHINGTON - President Bush in a television interview Monday defended his decision to go to war in Iraq and said he does not regret flying to an aircraft carrier on May 1, 2003, to announce an end to major combat in that country.	0
1	Bush Lifts Sanctions Against Libya  President Bush on Monday removed a ban on commercial air service to Libya and released  $1.3 billion in frozen Libyan assets in recognition of significant #39; #39; steps to eliminate its deadliest weapons programs.	0
0	Sharon Turns to Old Rivals to Pass Gaza Plan  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said he'll turn to his old rivals in the Labor Party to save his shattered coalition and get the support he needs to leave the Gaza Strip.	4
3	Stocks Surge on Presumed Bush Victory  Stocks surged Wednesday, with the Dow Jones industrials posting a triple-digit gain moments after the opening bell, as investors expressed relief following the election and what #39;s widely believed to be a victory for President Bush.	0
1	Aides deny Arafat put in intensive care  PARIS -- Countering Israeli television reports that Yasser Arafat #39;s health had deteriorated sharply over the past day, Palestinian officials said Wednesday that their leader #39;s condition was stable.	2
0	Bomb defused after Blair #39;s Italy visit  ROME (Reuters) - A bomb has been defused overnight near the Sardinian holiday villa of Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi hours after a visit by Tony Blair, Italian police say. 	3
1	Anti-Bush Thong Protest Charges Dropped  HARRISBURG, Pa. - Prosecutors dropped the charges Friday against six men arrested for protesting the Abu Ghraib prison-abuse scandal by stripping down to their thong underwear and forming a human pyramid during a visit by President Bush...	0
1	Bush Says Will Use Political Capital from Election  President Bush said on Thursday he earned  quot;political capital quot; from the 59 million people who voted for him and will use it to advance a broad agenda that includes protecting 	0
0	Sharon invites opposition to join coalition  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has reached out to his opposition rival with an invitation to enter discussion on forming a new coalition government.	4
0	Prime Minister comes under fire for backing Bush in US <b>...</b>  Prime Minister John Howard came under fire Monday after publicly supporting US President George W. Bush for re-election, with the Democrats calling his endorsement  quot;inappropriate.	0
1	Labour delegates force Iraq vote  Labour delegates have forced a debate and vote on Britain #39;s role in Iraq hours after Tony Blair said he would not apologise for the war.	3
0	Sharon drops key demand for peace talks  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon signaled that he is dropping what was once his key demand for resuming peace talks - a Palestinian crackdown on militant groups.	4
1	Kerry courts Florida #39;s blacks  With most polls showing him running dead even with the President in Florida, John Kerry used the specter of the disputed 2000 recount yesterday to urge the state #39;s black voters to turn out in force on Election Day.	1
0	Aides Say Arafat Has Taken Turn for Worse  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, aboard a French hospital plane enroute from Amman, Jordan, to Paris, France, where he will seek medical treatment, in this picture released by the Palestinian Authority Friday Oct. 29, 2004.	2
1	Em Bashes Bush, Mourns Uncle (E! Online)  E! Online - First Michael Jackson, now Eminem's taking a potshot at President   Bush.	0
1	Bush: Soldiers equipment  WASHINGTON - Saying US soldiers in Iraq  quot;deserve the best, quot; President Bush on Thursday emphasized that the administration is addressing equipment concerns like the one about armored vehicles raised by a soldier who questioned Defense Secretary Donald 	0
1	Candidates go all out in campaign #39;s last days  SAGINAW, Mich. - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry continued a bruising series of attacks on each other #39;s ability to serve as commander in chief Thursday as the presidential race entered the final weekend of campaigning.	0 1
0	Kerry Tries to Turn Campaign Against Bush  WASHINGTON - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry, trying to recover from a brass-knuckles campaign against his character, is attempting to steer the election to a referendum on President Bush's leadership.    Kerry has less than seven weeks to take over the lead in the presidential race...	0 1
1	Protesters interrupt Blair speech  Tony Blair #39;s keynote speech to the Labour party conference in Brighton was twice interrupted today. The first interruption came from a lone protester against the war in Iraq, while the second was from pro-hunt demonstrators.	3
0	Arafat's Brother Dies of Cancer - Relative   GAZA (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat's brother has died of cancer  in Egypt, a relative said on Wednesday, less than three weeks  after the Palestinian president died of a mysterious illness.	2
1	War costs hitting home, says Kerry  WORKING to reverse a slump in the polls, Democrat John Kerry has launched a new attack on George W. Bush that blames the spiralling cost of the Iraq war for denying cash to vital domestic programs for job creation, homeland security, health and education.	0 1
0	Bush and Kerry Shift Focus as Polls Show a Tightening Race  President Bush extolled the effectiveness of his tax policies while Senator John Kerry promoted stem cell research.	0 1
0	Sharon Warns of Snap Elections Without Likud Backing (Reuters)  Reuters - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon urged his Likud party on Thursday to vote for a governing alliance with the Labour Party, warning that failure to do so would force snap elections and derail his Gaza withdrawal plan. Internal polls predict victory for Sharon in a crucial ballot by the rightist Likud's Central Committee on whether to allow him to open talks with center-left Labour on joining a unity coalition to shore up his shattered government.	4
0	Angry gay 'sinners' oppose Bush and Christian right (AFP)  AFP - American gays, branded sinners by the Christian right, are waging an all-out battle to eject President George W. Bush from power in the November 2 poll.	0
0	Confusion Over Arafat, Palestinians Prepare Burial (Reuters)  Reuters - Palestinians looked to their leadership to lift confusion over Yasser Arafat's fate in a French hospital on Wednesday as preparations gathered pace to bury the icon of their fight for statehood. Arafat, 75, suffered a brain hemorrhage on Tuesday at the hospital where he was flown from the West Bank on Oct. 29 and had lain in a coma. Officials insisted in public that he was alive, though aides said privately that he was dead.	2
0	Kerry Decries Bush Plan to Recall Troops  CINCINNATI - John Kerry, telling fellow combat veterans he's their "true brother in arms," said Wednesday that President Bush's plan to withdraw U.S. troops from Europe and Asia would weaken U.S...	0 1
0	Bush and Kerry keep up pressure  The two rivals for the US presidency immediately hit the campaign trail, after  their second TV debate.	0 1
1	Sharon Seeks to Widen Coalition After Losing Parliamentary Vote  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon will restart efforts to widen his coalition after parliament voted late yesterday against approving a speech supporting his Gaza Strip withdrawal plan, the government said.	4
0	Arafat Deputy, Palestinian PM to Paris -Officials  Yasser Arafat #39;s deputy, Mahmoud Abbas, and Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qurie plan to travel to Paris on Monday to visit the hospitalized president, Palestinian officials said on Sunday.	2
0	Despite US elections, keep focused on Iraq  With just a week until Election Day, President Bush may be busier than ever with his campaign. But the task of stabilizing Iraq and corralling insurgents is urgent.	0
0	Ahmed Amr, NileMedia.com  In death, as in life, Yasser Arafat lit the flames of the Palestinian struggle for freedom and dignity. If he did nothing else - he made certain that the Palestinian struggle for liberty and justice would be taken seriously by the rest of the world.	2
0	Bush vows pension fund shake-up  The US president says he plans far-reaching reforms to the Social Security system which funds pensions.	0
1	Bush demands thousands more spies for CIA  US President George Bush has ordered the Central Intelligence Agency to hire and train thousands of new spies, the Washington Post said Wednesday.	0
0	Tiny Crawford Newspaper Endorses Kerry (AP)  AP - A weekly newspaper that bills itself as President Bush's hometown paper endorsed John Kerry for president, saying the Massachusetts senator will restore American dignity.	0 1
0	Palestinians braced for unrest as Arafat #39;s health worsens  ANXIOUS Palestinians braced themselves for a future without Yasser Arafat last night as the father of their stateless nation lay dying in a Paris hospital.	2
1	Bush: Palestinian state possible in four years  George Bush said tonight he thought it was possible a  quot;truly free quot; Palestinian state could evolve within the four years of his second term as US president.	0
0	Blair heads to country home for rest after heart op  LONDON, Oct 2 (AFP) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair said Saturday that he felt in  quot;excellent quot; health as he set off for his official country residence to rest after a successful minor heart operation.	3
0	US has responsibility to Palestinian moderates  Few people gained as much fame, or notoriety, in their lifetime as Yasser Arafat. To millions of Palestinians, he embodied their quest for an independent state.	2
1	Springsteen to rock Kerry rally  Bruce Springsteen is to perform at John Kerry's presidential rallies in the days leading up to the election.	1
1	Poll: Bush has slight lead in Florida  President Bush has opened a slight lead over Sen. John Kerry in the pivotal battleground state of Florida, but the race still remains within the margin of error 40 days before the election, according 	0 1
0	Bush, Kerry Square Off Over Iraq, Jobs (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush accused Sen. John Kerry on Friday of being too inconsistent to lead the country but Kerry shot back that the president was using that line of attack to shift attention from his deceptions on Iraq.	0 1
1	Bush Vigorously Defends War in Iraq  UNITED NATIONS Sept. 21, 2004 - President Bush delivered an unapologetic defense of his decision to invade Iraq, telling the United Nations Tuesday that his decision  quot;helped to deliver the Iraqi people from 	0
0	Kerry Urges Bush to Demand Attacks Stop  EAST HAMPTON, N.Y. - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry on Saturday night urged President Bush to "stand up and stop" what he called personal attacks on him over his combat record in Vietnam...	0 1
0	Polls Suggest a Double-Digit Bush Lead  AKRON, Ohio - President Bush and John Kerry battled over the economy and jobs in a small corner of the campaign's most fiercely contested state Saturday as polls showed a post-convention surge for the Republican in the White House.    With little more than eight weeks remaining to Election Day, a Newsweek survey gave the president a lead of 52-41 over Kerry, with independent Ralph Nader at 3 percent...	0 1
0	Bush to press N. Korean disarmament   SANTIAGO, Chile -- President Bush is trying to build international pressure on North Korea to return to high-stakes nuclear talks at the same time he reassures Asian leaders about the tough US approach.	0
1	Bush Mocks Kerry, Says He Could Debate Himself  President Bush said on Monday his Democratic rival John Kerry had shifted his positions on Iraq so many times he could  quot;debate himself quot; at the prime-time face-off between the two candidates in three days.	0 1
1	As questions about his service persist, Bush addresses Guard  President Bush told members of the National Guard yesterday that he was proud to be one of 19 men who both served in the Guard and became 	0
1	Bush, Kerry return to hotly contested states  President Bush said Friday that the choice facing voters amounts to who can keep Americans safer from terrorists and that John Kerry does not measure up.	0 1
1	Sharon under assassination threat from extremists  Israeli opposition leader, Shimon Peres, is worried that Jewish extremists may try to kill the country #39;s Prime Minister Ariel Sharon.	4
0	Bush Asks 2 Predecessors to Raise Funds for Tsunami Relief  The president enlisted former Presidents George H.W. Bush and Bill Clinton to lead a nationwide charity drive.	0
1	Official says resumption of North Korea talks before US election <b>...</b>  WASHINGTON A top Bush administration official says North Korea is stalling talks on its nuclear weapons program until after the November elections.	0
0	Middle-Class Tax Cuts Extension Approved  WASHINGTON - House-Senate negotiators late Wednesday approved extending three popular middle class tax cuts and Republicans, anxious to get the bill to President Bush, predicted swift passage in both chambers of Congress.    The conference panel approved the bill after overriding objections from Democrats who said the tax cuts should be paid for by tax increases in other areas, limiting its impact on the government soaring budget deficit...	0
0	Sharon Seeks Wider Govt to Save Gaza Pullout Plan   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  launched new efforts on Tuesday to widen his shaky coalition  after a stinging setback in parliament that complicated his  plan to withdraw from some occupied territory.	4
1	Anti-Gay Marriage Amendment Fails in House  The US House of Representatives failed on Thursday to muster the two-thirds majority needed to pass a proposed constitutional amendment backed by President Bush to ban gay marriage.	0
0	Presidents, Dignitaries at Arafat Funeral in Cairo (Reuters)  Reuters - Presidents and dignitaries from more than 50 countries say a last farewell on Friday to late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat in Egypt, his second home and one of his closest allies in years of struggle for a homeland.	2
0	Straw holds talks in West Bank  British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw has pledged support for the smooth running of elections to replace Yasser Arafat as he laid a wreath on the tomb of the late Palestinian leader.	2
0	Poll gives Kerry post-debate lead  After the first TV debate in the US presidential campaign, polls give good news for the Democrats.	1
1	Arafat Stable, Militants Seek More Powers  Yasser Arafat is in a stable condition and not in a coma, an aide said on Sunday, while militants pressed for decision-making powers in a unified Palestinian leadership if the president dies.	2
3	Bush taps top Latino exec  WASHINGTON - President Bush on Monday nominated Carlos Gutierrez, among the most prominent Hispanic business executives in the United States, to be his new Commerce secretary, as the president continued with what Republicans said would be a broad overhaul 	0
0	Cheney Attacks Kerry on National Security (AP)  AP - Amid new questions about the Bush administration's handling of the war in Iraq, Vice President Dick Cheney attacked rival John Kerry's record on national security Monday as misguided and misleading.	1
0	Abbas Escapes Gaza Shooting Unharmed  Bodyguards take away Mahmoud Abbas, former Palestinian Prime Minister and the successor of Yasser Arafat as PLO chief, after gunfire erupted at the tent set up for mourners to gather in memory of Arafat in Gaza city Sunday Nov. 14, 2004.	2
0	Berlusconi and Blair caution Bush over tense Najaf standoff (AFP)  AFP - Italy's Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi and British counterpart Tony Blair issued a cautionary statement to their US ally George W. Bush and the new Iraqi government to resolve the conflict in the Shiite holy city of Najaf without damaging its Muslim holy site.	0 3
0	Arafat #39;s funeral marked by gunfire, tears  Tens of thousands of mourners, some of them spraying automatic rifle fire into the air, swept aside more than 1,000 Palestinian security personnel as well as the Palestinian Authority #39;s meticulous plans for a somber funeral ceremony as they bade farewell 	2
0	Religion Experts Ask How Jesus Would Vote  AUSTIN, Texas - Just a few miles from George W. Bush's former office at the state Capitol, a panel of religious experts weighed a question with relevance to many people of faith: How would Jesus vote?    It's a complex topic that can't be boiled down to simple political terms, said religious leaders who attended a Texas Faith Network conference in Austin on Tuesday...	0
1	Fight goes on for Arafat #39;s life, says aide  Yasser Arafat lay in a deep coma last night, apparently nearing the end of his fight for life in a French military hospital, but a senior aide ruled out suggestions that his life-support machine might be switched off.	2
0	Bush barnstorms battleground state ahead of party convention (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush rolled across Middle America en route to next week's Republican National Convention in New York, where he will formally be nominated for another four-year term.	0
0	Lawsuit Uncovers New Bush Guard Records  WASHINGTON - Months after insisting it could find no more records of President Bush's Air National Guard service, the Defense Department has released more than two dozen pages of files, including Bush's report card for flight training and dates of his flights.    The records, released under pressure of a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit by The Associated Press, show Bush ranked in the middle of his 1969 flight training class and flew 336 hours for the Texas Air National Guard, mostly in the F-102A fighter...	0
0	Bush pressures Iran on its nuclear plans  SANTIAGO President George W. Bush has increased the administration #39;s pressure on Iran, saying there are indications that the country is speeding forward in the production of a key ingredient for nuclear weapons fuel, a move he said was  quot;a very serious 	0
1	Bush raps anti-Kerry ads on Vietnam  President Bush yesterday denounced TV ads that question Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry #39;s Vietnam record and called on the senator from Massachusetts to be equally critical of ads 	0 1
1	President: Troops in Iraq will  #39;come home with honor #39;  Bush thanks Marines for their service and says he is confident Iraqis will learn to defend themselves. CAMP PENDLETON, Calif. -- In a somber address on the 63rd anniversary of Pearl Harbor, President Bush 	0
1	Debates could prove pivotal  Because John Kerry is the challenger and lags President Bush in most national polls, he seems to have the most to gain from a strong performance in the upcoming fall debates.	0 1
0	Edwards Has Harsh Words for Bush, Cheney (AP)  AP - Democratic vice presidential candidate John Edwards took President Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney to task Thursday on gay marriage, poverty, and other issues, using unusually harsh words at a forum that included undecided voters.	0
0	U.S. Intelligence Shows Pessimism on Iraq's Future  A National Intelligence Estimate prepared for President Bush in late July spells out a dark assessment of prospects for Iraq.	0
1	Old soldier Arafat is just fading away  The first thing one notices about Yasser Arafat is not his chequered headscarf, folded in the shape of the map of Palestine; not his surprisingly short stature; not even his trembling lips or pale hands.	2
0	Milosevic Wants Clinton to Testify by Christmas   AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Slobodan Milosevic called on judges  to subpoena former U.S. President Bill Clinton and British  Prime Minister Tony Blair on Thursday, saying he would like  them to testify at his war crimes trial by Christmas.	3
0	Report: Sharon, Abu Mazen express willingness to meet  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and PLO leader Mahmoud Abbas (Abu Mazen) each told Newsweek in separate and exclusive interviews released on Sunday that they are prepared to meet each other.	4
3	Bush vows to cut deficit   President Bush pledged yesterday to work with Congress to reduce the government's huge budget deficit as a key step in assuring the world that his administration supports a strong dollar.	0
0	Hard bargaining over Israeli coalition posts  Israeli political parties were yesterday bogged down in hard bargaining over the formation of a new coalition government to implement the plan of Ariel Sharon, prime minister, to 	4
0	Fight Over Icon Has Plenty of Precedent  In a power structure in which influence was measured largely by proximity to the leader, nothing was more threatening to members of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat's inner circle than a wife.	2
0	Bush Says Iraqi Vote Must Proceed Jan. 30 (AP)  AP - President Bush acknowledged Monday that American military forces "can never guarantee 100 percent security" for Iraq's elections Jan. 30, but said the voting must proceed on schedule to let people choose democracy over terrorism.	0
0	Sharon Opens Stormy Parliament Debate on Gaza Plan   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  Monday submitted his Gaza withdrawal plan for a crucial  parliamentary vote, while tanks and troops killed 16  Palestinians in a raid against militants in the coastal strip.	4
0	Teary Blunkett quits  He left to spare Prime Minister Tony Blair any further embarrassment after three weeks of headlines about his affair with a married woman.	3
0	Bush Picks Kellogg CEO for Commerce Post (AP)  AP - President Bush picked Carlos Gutierrez, the chief executive officer of cereal giant Kellogg Co., as commerce secretary Monday, working to build a new economic team to help sell second-term overhauls of Social Security and the tax code.	0
0	Bush: War in Iraq Was Right Despite No WMDs  President Bush said on Thursday he was "right to take action" in Iraq even though a new U.S. report found that Baghdad had no stockpiles of weapons of mass destruction and that its nuclear program had decayed.	0
1	Gunfire at Gaza mourning tent for Yasser Arafat kills 1  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip - Militants burst into a mourning tent for Yasser Arafat on Sunday, firing from their assault rifles for several minutes and forcing security guards to hustle away the Palestinian leader #39;s temporary successor, Mahmoud Abbas.	2
0	Thousands of Demonstrators Hit NYC Streets  NEW YORK - Tens of thousands of demonstrators took to the fortified streets of Manhattan on Sunday to protest President Bush's foreign and domestic policies as Republican delegates gathered to nominate the president for a second term.    A day ahead of the start of the Republican National Convention, protesters gathered 20 blocks south of the convention site...	0
1	CBS Says It Was Misled Over Bush Military Memos (Reuters)  Reuters - CBS News on Monday said it had been misled over the authenticity of documents it aired in a story challenging President Bush's military service and it was mounting an internal investigation.	0
0	US to enhance relations with Pakistan: Armitage  Pakistan Times Staff Correspondent. ISLAMABAD: Senior US officials on Tuesday held their first talks with Pakistani officials since President George W. Bush won a second term and promised 	0
1	Meet Bush's Brain  His name is Rove, Karl Rove.	0
0	Sharon opens stormy debate on Gaza plan  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has submitted his Gaza withdrawal plan for a crucial parliamentary vote, while tanks and troops have killed 14 Palestinians in a raid in the coastal strip.	4
0	In visit to wounded, Bush offers prayers for those in harm's way  WASHINGTON -- President Bush, paying a bedside visit to soldiers wounded in Iraq, said yesterday that US troops leading the assault against insurgents in Fallujah were doing  quot;the hard work necessary for a free Iraq to emerge. quot;	0
0	Blair plays down Charles memo row  Tony Blair seeks to play down his education secretary's attack on Prince Charles' "out of date" views.	3
1	The Death of Yasser Arafat  Contrary to Ariel Sharon #39;s recent demonization propaganda, Yasser Arafat was true to the cause of his people and was a man of peace when presented with a sincere opportunity -- witness the Oslo accords.	2 4
1	Oil surges as Bush nears win  SINGAPORE: Oil prices have spiked up above  $51 a barrel as increasing signs of an electoral victory for US President George W Bush raises the prospect of continued high demand in the world #39;s biggest energy consumer.	0
0	Bush Supporter Leaves Campaign Over Role in Ad (Reuters)  Reuters - A Vietnam veteran who worked with President Bush's campaign has left over his appearance in a commercial by a group challenging Democratic candidate John Kerry's war record, a campaign spokesman said on Saturday.	0 1
0	Yassir Arafat boarding a Jordanian helicopter at his Ramallah <b>...</b>  Yassir Arafat, looking weak but in good spirits, began his journey to France today for specialist treatment on a blood disorder that some suspect could be leukaemia.	2
0	US prefers diplomacy with Iran, but conflict possible  Of all the foreign policy challenges facing President Bush in his second term, none - apart from Iraq -ooms larger than Iran. By Vahid Salemi, AP.	0
0	Kerry Uses Bush's Own Words to Call Him Unfit (Reuters)  Reuters - Democratic challenger John Kerry turned President Bush's own words against him on Thursday and said it was the Republican incumbent who had jumped to conclusions in Iraq, disqualifying him from being commander in chief.	0 1
0	Bush Ordering Better Ocean Oversight (AP)  AP - President Bush is creating a White House committee to oversee the nation's ocean policies, with plans to improve research, manage fisheries better and regulate pollution caused by boats.	0
1	High noon for Bush, Kerry  Miami - US President George W Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry will stare each other down on Thursday in their first presidential debate, a high-stakes political prize-fight that could decide their vicious battle for the White House.	0 1
0	Dialogue of the deaf  It was a stormy day, with torrential rain lashing down, but an audience splashed their way to a north London theatre to hear four leading commentators discuss Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s latest plan for his country and the Palestinians.	4
0	Peres: Israeli extremists may try to kill Sharon  Opposition leader Shimon Peres said Tuesday he feared Israeli extremists might try to assassinate Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, the target of growing far-right fury over a planned withdrawal from Gaza next year.	4
0	US rivals back on campaign trail  George W Bush and John Kerry go into the final three weeks of campaigning after their last TV debate.	1
1	Distraction Obscures Real Issues  It #39;s like that television ad,  quot;Another loan lost to Ditech. quot; This was another week lost to the Republicans. George W. Bush #39;s proven failure to fulfill his National Guard duties 	0
0	Kerry Criticizes Delay in Hunger Report (AP)  AP - The Kerry campaign on Friday criticized the administration for putting off, possibly until after the election, issuing an annual report that could show an increase in the number of households that either don't have access to enough food or have experienced hunger.	1
0	Bush calls for stop to outside ads, lauds Kerry's Vietnam war record (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush called for a stop to campaign ads by independent groups, including those targetting John Kerry's war record, and praised his Democratic rival's service as a Swift Boat captain in Vietnam.	0 1
1	Bush Picks Kellogg CEO for Commerce Post  President Bush, left, announces that he has chosen Carlos Gutierrez, chief executive officer of the Kellogg Co., right, to be Secretary of Commerce, Monday, Nov. 29, 2004, in the Roosevelt Room of the White House.	0
1	Kerry Film Not Meant to Combat Attack Ads-Director   TORONTO (Reuters) - Director George Butler says he hasn't  seen the ads that attack U.S. presidential hopeful John Kerry's  record in Vietnam, noting that his documentary "Going Upriver:  The Long War of John Kerry," was well under way before the  commercials were first aired.	1
0	Bush, Kerry Trade Charges Before Debate  DENVER - In a last-minute flurry of accusations before their final debate, John Kerry tried to tie President Bush to record oil prices while the president charged that his Democratic opponent has totally misunderstood the war on terror.    On the way to the debate that will range over domestic issues from the economy to health care, Bush is reaching out to military supporters in Colorado Springs, where the war in Iraq is the chief concern...	0 1
1	Cheney modifies criticism of Kerry on explosives cache in Iraq  Vice President Dick Cheney modified his criticism of John Kerry on Thursday after declaring the Democrat got his facts wrong about the disappearance of several hundred tons of explosives in Iraq.	1
0	Israelis to Expand West Bank Settlements  Description: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon says he is committed to dismantling Jewish settlements in Gaza. But Israel says it will continue to expand Jewish settlements in the West Bank, and cites the tacit approval of the Bush administration.	4
1	The Palestinian struggle is greater than Arafat  The Palestinian struggle for freedom and independence is larger than the late President Yasser Arafat. The decades-long symbolism that Arafat embodied should not be underestimated.	2
1	More Nasal Spray Flu Vaccine Coming -Officials  Another 1 million doses of a nasal spray influenza vaccine will be available in the United States this year, Bush administration officials said on Thursday as they sought to calm concerns about a flu shot shortage.	0
1	Why voters should re-elect George Bush  Michigan, one of the hotly contested  quot;battleground states, quot; is showing razor-thin poll margins between George Bush and John Kerry.	1
0	Bush Raps Kerry on 'Global Test' Remark  COLUMBUS, Ohio - President Bush on Saturday ridiculed what he called the "Kerry doctrine" as a dangerous outsourcing of America's security, seeking to poke a hole in Sen. John Kerry's debate performance with what advisers see as his rival's biggest miscue...	0 1
0	Bush Spends Half of  #36;75M Grant in Sept. (AP)  AP - President Bush burned through more than half of his  #36;75 million government grant to cover his general-election campaign costs in September, leaving him with just under  #36;37 million left for the final month before the Nov. 2 election.	0
0	Democrats See Bush As Gaining in Polls (AP)  AP - President Bush has gained ground on Democrat John Kerry in the month of August because of "relatively small but unmistakable" shifts in the political environment, Democratic strategists said in a memo.	0 1
0	Kerry Lesbian Remark Angers Cheneys  WASHINGTON - Dick Cheney and his wife say they are angry at John Kerry for invoking their lesbian daughter during the final presidential debate. Kerry says he was just trying to say something nice about how the Cheneys have dealt with the issue and meant no offense...	1
0	Swiftboat Crewman: Kerry Boat Under Fire (AP)  AP - A swiftboat crewman decorated in the 1969 Vietnam incident where John Kerry won a Bronze Star says not only did they come under enemy fire but also that his own boat commander, who has challenged the official account, was too distracted to notice the gunfire.	1
1	Kerry scores third win, but race far from over  In my opinion and according to a CNN post-debate snap poll, Sen. John Kerry won his third debate in a row Wednesday night and for the first time since this spring will probably become 	1
0	Pence Sees Arafat Death as Opportunity for Mideast Peace  Count Indiana Congressman Mike Pence (R-District 6) among those who believe the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat could lead to peace between Israel and the Palestinians.	2
0	Lawsuit Uncovers New Bush Guard Records  WASHINGTON - President Bush ranked in the middle of his Air National Guard flight class and flew 336 hours in a fighter jet before letting his pilot status lapse and missing a key readiness drill in 1972, according to his flight records belatedly uncovered Tuesday under the Freedom of Information Act.    The Pentagon and Bush's campaign have claimed for months that all records detailing his fighter pilot career have been made public, but defense officials said they found two dozen new records detailing his training and flight logs after The Associated Press filed a lawsuit and submitted new requests under the public records law...	0
1	Low job creation in September gives Kerry new ammunition  WASHINGTON _ In a report with political significance, the Labor Department said Friday that companies added 96,000 jobs to their payrolls last month, far short of the 150,000 increase that had been widely expected.	1
0	Kerry: Bush Wavering on Imported Drugs (AP)  AP - John Kerry said Thursday that he had no doubts about letting Americans import prescription drugs from Canada, but he said President Bush didn't seem so sure.	0 1
1	Tech Boosts the Fraudsters  If the newly released 32-year-old National Guard memos regarding George W. Bush were written on a computer with Microsoft Word, as experts suspect, they #39;re some of the most inept high-profile forgeries in modern history.	0
1	Vatican Envoy to Head Veterans Affairs  President Bush all but completed his cabinet reorganization on Wednesday, appointing a former head of the Republican National Committee, Jim Nicholson, as head of the 	0
1	Kerry Camp Calls on Bush to Halt Vietnam Vet Ads  (CBN News) - Questions about John Kerry #39;s service in Vietnam are not going away. The issue is heating up. And the Kerry campaign thinks President Bush should stop the commercials attacking Senator Kerry.	0 1
0	Sharon promises cooperation with Russia to combat terrorism  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon made a telephone call to Russian President Vladimir Putin on Sunday, promising Israeli cooperation with Russia to concentrate efforts to 	4
0	Israel Kills 14 in Gaza Before Key Withdrawal Vote  Israeli troops killed 14 Palestinians in a Gaza refugee camp Monday as parliament prepared, under tight security, to debate Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to withdraw from the occupied territory.	4
0	Campaigning in Pennsylvania, Bush Says Security Trumps Other Issues  President Bush said today the race boils down to who can keep American homes safer from terrorists and contended his opponent was not up to the task during wartime.	0
0	Cheney Praises Bush As Decisive Leader  NEW YORK - As President Bush prepared to accept the Republican nomination for a second term, Vice President Dick Cheney portrayed his boss as a decisive commander-in-chief. "He doesn't waffle," Cheney said Thursday...	0
0	Area's Palestinians Mourn Loss of a Symbol  Despite Arafat's flaws, area residents say the leader represented struggle of the state.	2
1	Arafat Has Liver Failure, Officials Say  Yasser Arafat lay critically ill with liver failure on Sunday and his condition was getting no better, a Palestinian official said, as Palestinian leaders adopted in his absence a plan to restore order in their areas.	2
0	Bush Marks 9/11 With Quiet Observances  WASHINGTON - President Bush marked the "terrible events" of the Sept. 11 attacks with quiet observances of the third anniversary Saturday and a new call to arms against terrorists who might seek to harm the nation...	0
0	N. Ireland deal hinges on IRA disarmament (AFP)  AFP - British and Irish Prime Ministers Tony Blair and Bertie Ahern were preparing to head to Belfast, hopeful of a breakthrough in the protracted deadlock over power-sharing in Northern Ireland.	3
0	Bush Slams Kerry on Iraq Funding Vote  SUNRISE, Fla. - President Bush on Saturday questioned Sen...	0
0	Bush Travels South Seeking Women's Votes (AP)  AP - President Bush sought backing from female voters Friday, asking them to look beyond rising violence in Iraq to a day when a democratically elected leader will lead the nation.	0
3	Asian stock markets cheer  quot;pro-business quot; Bush lead  SINGAPORE : Asian stocks rose Wednesday on indications that US President George W. Bush, whose trade and business policies are seen as more market friendly in the region, will be re-elected.	0
0	Israeli Minister Retracts Threat to Quit  Israeli Finance Minister Binyamin Netanyahu on Tuesday took back his threat to withdraw from the governing Likud Party, but a minority religious party quit Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's coalition in protest over the plan to remove Israeli settlers and troops from the Gaza Strip and a portion of the West Bank.	4
0	Arafat #39;s Condition Is Improving  From his hospital bed, Yasser Arafat swiftly condemned a suicide bombing in Tel Aviv on Monday -- a sign the ailing Palestinian leader wants to convey the impression he is still in charge despite deteriorating health.	2
1	Kerry and Bush Trade Blows on Gun-Ban Lapse  Description: Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry says President Bush did not do enough to urge the Republican-controlled Congress to extend a 10-year federal ban on the sale of assault weapons that expired Monday.	0 1
0	Blair to Press on Climate Change, Challenge Bush   LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's Tony Blair will pledge Tuesday  to force international action on global warming, despite the  reluctance of big powers like the United States.	3
0	Kerry: Bush, Cheney in Denial About Iraq  Democratic Sen. John Kerry said Thursday that President Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney have failed to recognize a deteriorating situation in post-war Iraq and "may well be the last two people on the planet who won't face the truth."	0 1
1	Arafat: Flawed figure lacked courage to make peace  Shakespeare, specialist in flawed heroes, would have had a field day with Yasser Arafat. His life, his secrecy-shrouded illness and his death in Paris on Thursday were rich with symbolism of the aching tragedy of missed potential.	2
1	Bush picks Cuban for Commerce  WASHINGTON - President George W. Bush has nominated Kellogg chairman Carlos Gutierrez as commerce secretary, picking a Cuban refugee who rose to the top of the biggest US cereal maker as the chief advocate for American business.	0
0	Bush to Name New Secretary of Agriculture (AP)  AP - President Bush is moving to name a new secretary of agriculture to oversee the nation's farm and food programs.	0
1	Bush ekes out narrow win, GOP gains seats  President George Bush eked out a narrow win, but Americans had to wait until mid-morning today to know who their President would be.	0
0	Blair: Sudan Must End Violence in Darfur (AP)  AP - Prime Minister Tony Blair said Monday the Sudanese government must end the violence in its western region of Darfur or face possible action by the United Nations.	3
0	Bush, Kerry to Meet in Key Debate Tonight  CORAL GABLES, Fla. - After a deluge of campaign speeches and hostile television ads, President Bush and challenger John Kerry will get their chance to face each other directly Thursday night before an audience of tens of millions of voters in a high-stakes debate about terrorism, the Iraq war and the bloody aftermath...	0 1
0	Growing Pessimism on Situation in Iraq  While President Bush and others have delivered optimistic public appraisals, officials who fight the Iraqi insurgency and study it believe the rebellion is deeper and more widespread than is being publicly acknowledged, officials say.	0
1	French to release Arafat medical records  French officials were expected to release the medical records of Yasser Arafat to his nephew today, with Palestinian officials indicating they would make them public.	2
0	Singh asks Left to see US reality  The Hague, Nov. 7: India did not expect any hiccups in its relationship with the US after the re-election of George W. Bush to the presidency, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said here today.	0
1	Persuadable voters say Kerry made impression  WASHINGTON -- Many undecided voters liked what they saw from John Kerry and were more than a little concerned about President Bushs performance in the first presidential debate -- but they still had questions about what Kerry would do in Iraq.	1
1	Arafat #39;s health said improving; confers with PA officials  Palestinian Authority Chairman Yasser Arafat met yesterday for the first time with some of the Palestinian officials who accompanied him to Paris, where he is hospitalized, in what seems to be a clear indication that his health is improving.	2
1	Carlson: Candidates nice guys, but don #39;t always talk that way  John Kerry was hoarse and looked tired when he walked off the plane in Des Moines. And why not? He did the 90-minute debate in Arizona Wednesday night, revved up a big rally crowd there afterward and gave 	1
0	Kerry's Daughter Defends Father (AP)  AP - Vanessa Kerry joked about life on the campaign trail while visiting the elite boarding school she and President Bush attended, but she turned serious when recalling criticism of her father's service in the Vietnam War.	0 1
0	Bush, Kerry Trade Barbs Following Debate  ALLENTOWN, Pa. - President Bush on Friday ripped into Sen...	0
1	John Kerry: Wrong Candidate For Democrats On Iraq  In a speech yesterday, Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry blasted President Bush for wrong choices in the war in Iraq .	0 1
0	White House: Guard Never Disciplined Bush (AP)  AP - President Bush never was disciplined while serving in the Texas Air National Guard, never failed a physical and never asked his father or family friends for help to get him into the guard during the Vietnam War, the White House said Wednesday.	0
0	Sharon Seeks Parliament Support for Gaza Withdrawal   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon seeks  parliamentary approval on Monday for his plan to withdraw from  the occupied Gaza Strip, the first time Israel would uproot  Jewish settlements on land Palestinians want for a state.	4
0	Kerry Calls Red Sox 'America's Team' (AP)  AP - Count Sen. John Kerry of Massachusetts among those Boston baseball fans who have waited a lifetime to see the Red Sox win the World Series.	1
0	Palestinian Official Denies Arafat Lost Consciousness   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - An official from the  Palestine Liberation Organization told Reuters on Wednesday  that Yasser Arafat had not lost consciousness, denying media  reports.	2
1	Investors take comfort in Bush victory  Long before the concession speech and the victory address Wednesday, Wall Street celebrated President Bush #39;s re-election and the Republican Party #39;s continued control of Congress with a rally.	0
0	Washington Post backs John Kerry for president (AFP)  AFP - The Washington Post endorsed John Kerry for president in an editorial, saying the choice was not an easy one but that President George W. Bush had not earned a second term in office.	0 1
1	GOP to reintroduce Bush as right for these challenging times  It may sound strange, after four years of George W. Bush as a candidate and then president, but Republicans say a main goal of their convention that opens Monday is to reintroduce him to the nation.	0
1	How to Remember Yasser Arafat  The death of Yasser Arafat historical leader of the Palestinians marks the beginning of a new era in Middle East power politics. Arafat, who died in a Paris military hospital, has been the embodiment of the 	2
1	Kerry: Bush Could Renew Draft  By Dick Meyer. By Dotty Lynch. By Lloyd Garver. (CBS/AP) Sen. John Kerry warned, in a newspaper interview published Friday, that the military draft might be revived to replenish US forces in Iraq if President Bush wins a second term.	0 1
0	Bush Says Importing Medicines 'Makes Sense' if Safe (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush, facing growing anger among senior citizens over the high cost of prescription drugs and a virtual revolt by some states, conceded on Wednesday it "makes sense" for Americans to be able to import cheaper medicines as long as they are safe.	0
1	Sharon Eyes Palestinian Cooperation in Gaza Pullout  Description: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon says he will coordinate Israel #39;s planned withdrawal from Gaza with the new Palestinian leadership, provided it takes responsibility for fighting terrorism.	4
0	GOP Governors Cheer Election Wins (AP)  AP - Buoyed by President Bush's re-election and a political map with coast-to-coast Republican leaders, GOP governors gathered Thursday to cheer their electoral fortunes and discuss solving familiar fiscal problems at home.	0
0	INSIGHT: Tepid US still Japan #39;s best shot  NEW YORK-Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi #39;s zeal for reforming the United Nations Security Council and winning Japan a permanent seat has met with only a lukewarm response from US President George W. Bush.	0
0	China Lashes Out at Bush Foreign Policy on Eve of US Election  On the eve of the US presidential election, China has accused President Bush of trying to rule the world and says the Iraq war has made global terrorism and ethnic conflicts worse.	0
1	Israel is expanding Gaza offensive  JERUSALEM Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Sunday that Israel was strengthening its military presence in the northern Gaza Strip and would keep troops in the territory until there was a halt to Palestinian rocket fire.	4
0	National Guard Hands Over More Bush Papers  WASHINGTON - More than a week after a court-imposed deadline to turn over all records of President Bush's military service, the Texas Air National Guard belatedly produced two documents Tuesday that include Bush's orders for his last day of active duty in 1973.    The orders show Bush was on "no-fly" status for his last days of duty because he had been grounded almost a year earlier for skipping an annual medical exam...	0
1	CBS News Anchor Dan Rather Resigns After 24 Years (Reuters)  Reuters - Veteran newsman Dan Rather, embroiled in a pre-election scandal over a story challenging President Bush's military service, said on Tuesday he will step down as the CBS television network's top news anchor.	0
1	Georgia research aide protests Bush win  (OfficialWire) -- 11/08/04 -- Andrew Veal, 25, of Athens, Georgia by all accounts was a sober man with strong feelings for environmental and human rights issues.	0
0	Blair faces anger after three British soldiers killed in Iraq (AFP)  AFP - Prime Minister Tony Blair faced anger over Iraq after three British soldiers were killed in a suicide attack, just days after being sent into a dangerous US-run sector of the war-torn country.	3
1	Media: Kerry appeared presidential #39;  NEW YORK (CBS.MW) - While a hands-down winner didn #39;t emerge from the Bush-Kerry debate, Sen. John Kerry accomplished his primary goal of showing that he could act  quot;presidential, quot; according to some reactions from media.	1
0	Parties call for postponement of elections  Despite a new call Friday for a postponement of the Iraqi elections, President Bush said he hopes they still go forward. Seventeen political parties say the election should be put off for at least six months 	0
1	Kerry takes the gloves off as Bush leads polls  The political winds seem to be blowing in US President George W. Bush #39;s favour, but John Kerry, his Democratic rival, has launched a counterattack aiming to prove it #39;s simply hot air.	0 1
0	UK's Blair Seeks Relaunch After Iraq Woes   LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's Tony Blair set out his vision  for a third term in office on Monday in a bid to shift the  spotlight onto domestic policies that win or lose elections and  off the divisive war in Iraq.	3
1	EPA #39;s Leavitt Is Bush #39;s Nominee for Health Secretary (Update2)  Michael Leavitt, administrator of the US Environmental Protection Agency, was nominated by President George W. Bush to head the US Department of Health and Human Services in the president #39;s second term.	0
0	Israel ready to co-ordinate withdrawal from Gaza  JERUSALEM - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon says Israel is ready to co-ordinate its planned withdrawal from the Gaza Strip with the new Palestinian leadership.	4
0	British leader defends war amid sinking ratings  Prime Minister Tony Blair, skirting a direct apology, acknowledged to his Labor Party Tuesday that intelligence used to justify the invasion of Iraq was wrong, but insisted 	3
0	Bush Pardons Two Thanksgiving Turkeys (AP)  AP - President Bush has spared the life of the nation's Thanksgiving turkey after an election to name the bird which he reports was "neck and neck."	0
1	Sharon to form new coalition  AL QUDS, Dec 10: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon moved swiftly on Friday to forge a national unity government after winning approval to reshape his coalition and crushing internal opposition to his Gaza pullout plan.	4
0	Arafat fights for life  JERUSALEMA vigil appeared to be building around ailing Yasser Arafat early today at his besieged compound in the West Bank city of Ramallah.	2
0	McCain Not Ruling Out Run for President (AP)  AP - Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., said Sunday he is not ruling out a run for the 2008 presidential nomination, but that he is not a candidate now. A decision to run, if one should come, would not be made for at least two years, said McCain, speaking only a few weeks after the 2004 campaign ended with President Bush winning a second term.	0
1	Bush, Kerry not invited to charity dinner  Officials at the Archdiocese of New York have decided not to invite President Bush and Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry to the Alfred E. Smith Memorial Foundation Dinner.	0 1
0	Sharon to bring disengagement plan to Knesset  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Monday that he will bring his disengagement plan to the Knesset (parliament) on Oct. 25, the Ha #39;aretz daily reported.	4
0	Polls: Europe Negative on Bush Re-Election (AP)  AP - President Bush's re-election was viewed negatively by a majority of people in several European countries  #151; including those in Britain, America's strongest ally in the war in Iraq, Associated Press polling found.	0
0	Israel security cabinet approves settlers compensation advances  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s security cabinet voted 9-1 Tuesday to approve a range of proposals governing evacuation and compensation of settlers under the so-called  quot;disengagement quot; initiative.	4
1	Rivals aim draft talk at young people  John Kerry says re-electing President George W. Bush would create  quot;the great potential of a draft. quot; Not so, responds the incumbent:  quot;The best way to avoid a draft is to vote for me.	0 1
0	President surveys storms wrath  President Bush on Sunday got a firsthand look at Hurricane Ivans devastation during his third trip to Florida to assess the damage from this summers fierce storms in the South.	0
0	Japan may extend Iraq troop dispatch by one year  Japan may extend its controversial non-combat troop dispatch to Iraq, a key gesture of support for Washington ahead of a meeting on Tuesday between Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi and US President George W. Bush.	0
1	Stopping by New York: why Bush won #39;t linger  CRAWFORD, Texas More than a year ago, when Karl Rove and President George W. Bush began planning the Republican National Convention, they picked New York City in early September so that the event would flow into the third anniversary of the World Trade 	0
1	Political Art, Potshots to Sure Shots  You don't need a conspiracy theory or an imminent Republican convention to explain why there is so much Bush-bashing entertainment today: George W. Bush is in power.	0
1	Chronicling the Debunking of the BS at CBS  Most of the world has accepted the fact that CBS used forged documents to impugn President Bush #39;s credibility on a September 8  quot;60 Minutes II quot; broadcast.	0
0	Israeli speaks of delaying peace process  JERUSALEM -- The top adviser to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said in unusually candid remarks published yesterday that Israel's plan to withdraw unilaterally from the Gaza Strip was really meant to ''remove indefinitely from our agenda quot; the viability of a peace process or a Palestinian state.	4
1	Bush, Kerry Return to Trail And Take Different Tacks  President Bush and John F. Kerry head toward their final debate on Wednesday night pursuing divergent strategies, with Bush seeking to discredit his rival on terrorism and taxes 	0
1	Cheap and tawdry  I think the Mary Cheney story is a tempest in a teapot that is 12 hours from stale, but for those who aren #39;t convinced Kerry was using Cheney #39;s daughter as a cheap political prop, let #39;s hear from the guys who make a living spotting such devices.	1
1	Blair Joins Outrage over Racist Football Chanting  The Prime Minster Tony Blair today added his voice to the growing outrage over the racist chants hurled at Englands black football players during last nights game against Spain.	3
0	Seoul worried about Bush #39;s N. Korea stance  South Korean officials were very cautious when they were waiting for the outcome of the closely contested US presidential election, refraining from making any prediction or comments.	0
0	Kerry and Bush Face Off Over War, Jobs  ST. LOUIS - President Bush and John Kerry sprinted back to the campaign trail, trying to build on their performances in an argumentative second debate that saw the presidential candidates colliding over war, jobs, education, health care, abortion, the environment and prescription drugs...	0 1
3	Bush Pledges to Address Weak Dollar, Cites Fed  President Bush said on Wednesday a renewed drive to cut US budget deficits should help the weak dollar and that Tuesday #39;s Federal Reserve interest-rate hike showed Alan 	0
0	Islamic cleric in France to see Arafat  CLAMART, France - A senior Islamic cleric arrived in France on Wednesday to visit the bedside of the ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, Palestinian officials said.	2
3	Fact and Comment (Forbes.com)  Forbes.com - The stock market in 2004 has been, at best, treading water. Yet presidential election years are supposed to see equities rise. This one will be no exception. Stocks often go up in rapid bursts. As people grasp that President Bush will indeed be reelected, the market will experience a sharp rally. Expect the S amp;P 500 to end the year well above 1250, up at least 12 from year-end 2003.	0
0	EU leaders consider bigger role in Iraq  European Union leaders on Thursday considered taking on a bigger role in rebuilding Iraq and forging stronger ties with re-elected President Bush.	0
0	Local residents ponder the future of volatile region  Along with chaotic mourning for Yasser Arafat among Palestinians, there is calm reflection in Central Minnesota about the future of a conflicted region.	2
1	No one #39;s cheering for Team USA  Much to the anger of the athletes involved, President Bush is using the Iraqi Olympic team #39;s success in his re-election campaign, essentially saying if it hadn #39;t been for him 	0
0	Israeli Cat out of the Bag  One of Ariel Sharon #39;s closest advisers, in fact, his former chief of staff, Dov Weisglass, has revealed to the Israeli newspaper Haaretz the ulterior motives behind Sharon #39;s unilateral decision to withdraw from the Gaza Strip.	4
1	Exit Iraq  President Bush should enjoy his victory celebration while he can. He will soon face the most determined antiwar movement since the 1960s.	0
0	Kerry Seen Cutting Spending on Missile Defense (Reuters)  Reuters - If Democrat John Kerry becomes president he could cut up to a third of the annual  #36;10 billion in spending on missile defenses, but overall defense expenditure would stay high, analysts said this week.	1
0	Bush, Kerry Exchange Bitter Words on Iraq  WASHINGTON - President Bush and Democratic rival John Kerry traded biting accusations over the war in Iraq on Monday as early Florida voting produced scattered complaints that stirred memories of the state's chaotic 2000 recount.    On a day of strikingly personal campaign rhetoric, Bush said his Democratic challenger stands for "protest and defeatism" in Iraq...	0 1
0	Poll: More Believe Bush Behind Attack Ads (AP)  AP - Americans increasingly believe President Bush's re-election campaign is behind the ads attacking Democrat John Kerry's Vietnam experience, a poll found.	0
0	Life after Yasser Arafat uncertain  For all the questions raised by last weeks death of Yasser Arafat, one thing is certain: The debate over his legacy is likely to be as polarizing as the conflict that consumed his life.	2
3	Economists predict solid US economy under Bush or Kerry  WASHINGTON : The US economy will grow solidly in 2005 despite high oil prices, no matter whether President George W. Bush or John Kerry is in the White House, top business economists said.	0 1
1	Background/ Arafat-free at last, Sharon hints at flexibility  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, convening his cabinet for the first time since the burial of his life nemesis Yasser Arafat, hinted at a measure of flexibility this week, signaling that Israel might allow East Jerusalem Arabs to vote in elections for a 	2 4
0	Bush May Call for Major European Role in Post-Arafat Peace Effort  President Bush is expected to call on Europe to assume a key role in helping the new Palestinian leadership build and support institutions and prepare for negotiations 	0
1	Are we asking the right questions about Bush #39;s National Guard <b>...</b>  In an article by AP, Robert Strong, the administrative officer in charge of air operations at Guard state headquarters from early 1971 until March 1972, says no we are not asking the right questions.	0
0	N.Korea Hurls Abuse at Bush, Calls Him Human Trash (Reuters)  Reuters - North Korea hurled invective at President Bush for a second day on Tuesday, calling him a political idiot and human trash, and said six-party talks on Pyongyang's nuclear ambitions appeared doomed.	0
0	Blair attends Bigley memorial service  Tony Blair has arrived at Liverpool Cathedral for a memorial service for murdered hostage Kenneth Bigley. The prime minister had made a number of telephone calls to the family of the civil engineer during the 62-year-old #39;s captivity in Iraq.	3
0	Egypt plays Mideast peace broker  An assassination attempt was made Sunday on the man who may replace Yasser Arafat as Palestinian chief. By Dan Murphy  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.	2
0	Poll Says Bush Still Has Edge Over Kerry (AP)  AP - More voters consider President Bush a strong leader who can do a better job combatting terrorism even though they widely agree that Democratic Sen. John Kerry won the first debate focused solely on foreign policy.	0 1
1	Bush defends foreign policy in Canada trip  President Bush yesterday said that despite public-opinion surveys showing that most Canadians oppose the US-led war in Iraq, Americans endorsed the Bush administration #39;s foreign policy when they re-elected him last month.	0
0	Democrat Groups Raise More 'Soft Money' (AP)  AP - Whatever the reasons John Kerry and the Democrats lost the race for the White House, lack of money wasn't one.	1
0	World Leaders React to Bush Victory  Russian President Vladimir Putin led world leaders #39; tributes to George W. Bush #39;s victory in the US presidential race, saying it meant Americans had not allowed themselves to be cowed by terrorists.	0
0	An opportunity to find lasting peace  When Yasser Arafat died last week of an undisclosed illness, he left his Palestinian supporters bereft of their greatest modern ally.	2
0	Israel Pushes Gaza Offensive, Faces Vote on Pullout (Reuters)  Reuters - An explosion killed a Palestinian in Gaza Sunday, the 11th day of an Israeli offensive against militants Prime Minister Ariel Sharon hopes will defuse internal resistance to his plan for withdrawing from some occupied land.	4
0	Arafat Lost Consciousness - Israel Radio   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Palestinian President Yasser Arafat  lost consciousness on Wednesday evening and it was not clear  whether he had regained it, Israel Radio reported.	2
0	US, China discuss Taiwan at APEC summit; China pleased with result (Canadian Press)  Canadian Press - SANTIAGO, Chile (AP) - U.S. President George W. Bush and Chinese President Hu Jintao talked about Taiwan in their face to face meeting Saturday, and Hu said he was pleased with the result.	0
0	Putin: Terrorist Aiming to Derail Bush Bid  DUSHANBE, Tajikistan Oct. 18, 2004 - Russian President Vladimir Putin said Monday that terrorists are aiming to derail President Bush #39;s chances at re-election through their attacks in Iraq.	0
0	So What Happened in That Election, Anyhow?  No consensus exists among Democrats about why John Kerry was defeated, and the party is locked in a battle of interpretation over just what went wrong.	1
1	Yasser Arafat remains in coma  French doctors were reportedly using various medical machines to keep Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat alive Saturday until a burial site could be found.	2
1	Poll: 55 approve of Bush #39;s leadership  President Bush #39;s job approval rating climbed to 55 percent since winning re-election Nov. 2, the highest since the start of the year, according to a Gallup Organization poll for CNN and USA Today.	0
0	Anti-Kerry film ignites new row  A TV company announces controversial plans to air a documentary attacking John Kerry days before the US election.	1
0	US security depends on policy, not Bush or Kerry: bin Laden tape (AFP)  AFP - Al-Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden told the American people that their security is not in the hands of either George W. Bush or his Democratic challenger John Kerry, but depends on US policy, in a video aired by Al-Jazeera TV.	0 1
1	Kerry making scant progress in crucial states  New polling data suggest that Sen. John Kerry has made little headway with voters in a five states that President Bush narrowly won in 2000.	0 1
0	5 Israelis killed in tunnel attack  JERUSALEM -- Palestinian militants yesterday detonated an explosives-packed tunnel under an Israeli army base in the Gaza Strip and ambushed Israeli reinforcements, killing five soldiers and complicating efforts underway since Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat's death last month to halt more than four years of fighting.	2
1	Bush discusses war on terror with Pakistani President Musharraf  President Bush held a rare Saturday Oval Office meeting to host Pakistans President, General Pervez Musharraf, one of its administration #39;s most important allies in the war on terror.	0
0	Iran Says It Has Halted Uranium Enrichment  Iran said Monday it has frozen all uranium enrichment programs - a claim welcomed by Europe even as it weakened a U.S. push to refer Tehran's suspect nuclear activities to the U.N. Security Council. President Bush said he hoped the statement is true but "there must be verification."	0
0	Nevada observers believe a new era at hand in Mideast  IN WEST BANK: Under a portrait of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia talks to journalists after an emergency Fatah Central Committee meeting Thursday at Arafat #39;s headquarters in the West Bank town of Ramallah.	2
0	Bush's Rise Has Carried Gonzales Along (AP)  AP - Alberto Gonzales, known in White House corridors as "The Judge," has seen his fortunes track with George W. Bush's for more than a decade.	0
1	ARAFAT SPECIAL: World mourns Arafat, appeals for ME peace  LONDON: Thousands of Palestinians poured onto the streets to mourn Yasser Arafat on Thursday while world leaders praised him as an icon of his people whose death could nonetheless pave the way for a new Middle East peace drive.	2
3	Credit Issuers Shares Dented by Kerry Plan  Financial companies were under scrutiny Friday after Sen. John Kerry vowed to push for legislation that would curb credit card fees and protect homebuyers from unfair lending practices.	1
1	 #39;Frances #39; pummels Florida, Bush declares disaster  New York, Sept. 5. (PTI): Winds howling in excess of 170 km per hour and huge tidal waves toppled power lines leaving more than two million people without power, brought down trees, tore up roads and sent 	0
0	Cheney: Weapons Report Justifies Iraq War  MIAMI - Vice President Dick Cheney asserted on Thursday that a finding by the chief U.S. weapons inspector in Iraq that Saddam Hussein's government produced no weapons of mass destruction after 1991 justifies rather than undermines President Bush's decision to go to war...	0
0	UK Official Confirms Minister Blunkett Resigned (Reuters)  Reuters - Senior British government minister David Blunkett, a trusted ally of Prime Minister Tony Blair, resigned on Wednesday, a government official confirmed.	3
0	Abbas opposes use of arms  RAMALLAH - New PLO chairman Mahmud Abbas called for an end to the armed uprising, as Israeli tanks rolled into Gaza yesterday in the aftermath of the most lethal Palestinian attack since Yasser Arafat #39;s death.	2
0	Kerry, Greenspan Differ on Social Security  SEATTLE - John Kerry doesn't talk much about Social Security on the campaign trail, but he laid out some thoughts for a voter in Everett, Wash., who doubted that the government retirement program is really in trouble.   "We've made little fixes, little jots and jags here and there, that have been able to change it," the Democratic presidential candidate said, noting that Social Security has survived 20 years of predictions that its demise is around the corner...	1
0	Officer Wrote Letter to Bush's Father  WASHINGTON - A packet of Texas Air National Guard records released Friday showed that the commanding officer of President Bush's basic training unit took a special interest in him as a trainee and wrote to his father to praise him. Democrats called that proof of preferential treatment...	0
0	Sharon seeks support for planned coalition; Gaza violence kills <b>...</b>  JERUSALEM (AFP) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon tried to rally support for the building of a new coalition to implement his planned pullout from Gaza, where two Palestinian militants and an Israeli soldier were killed in a new upsurge of violence.	4
0	Bush Intelligence Plan Echoes 9/11 Panel's  WASHINGTON - President Bush is urging Congress to create a strong national intelligence director to control the nonmilitary portions of the nation's intelligence community, a position similar to what was envisioned by the Sept. 11 commission...	0
1	Kerry: Explosive Materials Missing on Bush #39;s Watch  Hundreds of tons of high explosives are missing from a former Iraqi military facility, the United Nations (UN) nuclear watchdog said on Monday.	0 1
1	Grief sweeps West Bank and Gaza, as Palestinians mourn Arafat  RAMALLAH, West Bank Palestinians at home and abroad have been weeping and shouting in the streets over the death of Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Arafat #39;s Final Trip  CLAMART, France (CBS) The body of long-time Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat began its journey home Thursday, as his people mourned his death at the age of 75.	2
1	Kerry ad calls on Bush to  #39;denounce the smear #39;  The rhetorical battle over Sen. John Kerry #39;s record in Vietnam continued to rage Sunday, as Kerry #39;s campaign released a new television ad calling on President Bush to  quot;denounce the smear.	0 1
0	Mugabe slams 'political God Bush'  Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe accuses George W Bush of behaving as though he is God, with Tony Blair his prophet.	0 3
1	Bush says Kerry  #39;wrong man #39; for White House  President George W Bush has said John Kerry lacked the conviction to lead and was  #39; #39;the wrong man for the wrong job at the wrong time, #39; #39; mocking his Democratic rival #39;s criticism of the Iraq war.	0 1
1	Campaign 2004: Bush defends Guard service  LAS VEGAS -- President Bush, accused of shirking his duties in the Texas National Guard during the Vietnam War, expressed pride in his military experience yesterday in a campaign speech that triggered rounds of thunderous applause from thousands of 	0
1	AJC sends letter of support to Sharon  As the Knesset vote on disengagement from the Gaza Strip approaches, the American Jewish Committee sent a letter of support on Sunday to Ariel Sharon to express support for the prime minister #39;s plan.	4
0	Bush Chides Kerry on Domestic Programs  COLUMBUS, Ohio - President Bush lashed out at Sen. John Kerry on Saturday for his stands on domestic programs ranging from retirement to health care, saying the Democrat is obstructing needed reforms that would give workers more control over their financial future...	0 1
0	Sharon Sets Peace  #39;Test #39; for Palestinians  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, setting a test for a new Palestinian leadership, said it could show its desire for peace by ending incitement against Israel even before any crackdown on militants.	4
0	Bush, Kerry Square Off Over Jobs, Iraq (Reuters)  Reuters - Democrat John Kerry on Friday called President Bush "unfit to lead this nation," less than an hour after the Republican incumbent promised Americans a victory over terrorism and a strong economy.	0 1
0	National Guard Hands Over More Bush Papers  WASHINGTON - More than a week after a court-imposed deadline to turn over all records of President Bush's military service, the Texas Air National Guard belatedly produced two documents Tuesday that include Bush's orders for his last day of active duty in 1973.    The orders show Bush was on "no-fly" status for his last days of duty because he had been grounded almost a year earlier for skipping an annual medical exam...	0
0	Blair Acknowledges WMD Intelligence Errors  Prime Minister Tony Blair acknowledged that the war in Iraq has divided Britain but said he had no apologies for helping topple Saddam Hussein in a speech Tuesday to his Labour Party, where he was met by angry delegates and hecklers.	3
0	Military Wives Share Pain -- and Often Politics  Soldiers who left behind families in the U.S. are divided between Bush and Kerry, but there is little doubt where most stand. Polls show that two-thirds of them favor Bush.	0 1
0	Bush Hits Back at Kerry Charge Over Explosives  President Bush broke his silence on missing explosives in Iraq, accusing John Kerry of making "wild charges."	0 1
1	Bush Stands His Ground, Sets Himself Apart  President Bush #39;s speech before the UN General Assembly on Tuesday was the verbal equivalent of a  quot;greatest hits quot; album, repackaging and summarizing the key foreign 	0
1	Bush, Kerry Battle For Iowa  (CBS) President Bush and Sen. John Kerry both visited the battleground state of Iowa on Wednesday with Kerry questioning the president #39;s leadership on Iraq and Mr.	0 1
0	Bush takes a double-digit lead as Kerry campaign struggles to regroup (AFP)  AFP - George W. Bush took a double-digit lead in what had been a neck-and-neck presidential election contest, prompting Democratic challenger John Kerry to refocus his campaign on bread-and-butter economic issues, where the Republican incumbent president is considered vulnerable.	0 1
1	After 9/11 Remembrances, A Return to the Campaign  President Bush marked the third anniversary of the Sept. 11, 2001, hijackings by plugging his Iraq policy in a live broadcast yesterday from the Oval Office, and Sen. John F. Kerry followed a 	0
0	Palestinians disband feared security force  Palestinian officials have disbanded a Gaza security force feared by civilians, says a security official, marking a step toward reforms ahead of an election to choose a successor to Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Kerry touts job-creation plans (AFP)  AFP - Democratic White House hopeful John Kerry promised to help boost US job growth and take a harder line on alleged abuses by China as he touted his economic plan.	1
1	Why Kerry #39;s War Record Matters  Almost 30 years after the last helicopter fled the roof of the US Embassy in Saigon, Vietnam remains the great American quagmire. You might think it should belong to history by now, especially 	1
0	Sharon outlasts Arafat in warriors #39; feud  In the end Ariel Sharon was the last man standing in his decades-long sparring match with Yasser Arafat, the Palestinian leader he threatened to kill but ultimately left to waste away in a dusty West Bank compound.	2 4
0	Israel doubts death certificate  Paris - Israel has sent three letters to the French government demanding it prove Yasser Arafat was born in Jerusalem as printed on his death certificate, an Israeli diplomat in Paris said on Sunday.	2
0	Kerry Calls Ad Group a 'Front for the Bush Campaign'  John Kerry made the comments after weeks of standing by as a group of Vietnam veterans criticized his wartime record.	1
1	Danson Campaigns for Kerry in Ariz. (AP)  AP - Actor Ted Danson returned to his hometown in northern Arizona for half a day to campaign for Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry.	1
0	US prefers diplomacy with Iran, but conflict possible  Of all the foreign policy challenges facing President Bush in his second term, none - apart from Iraq -ooms larger than Iran. By Vahid Salemi, AP.	0
1	Affable Bushes lead acclaim for Clinton  President Bush sat in a chilly downpour with his parents at the opening of the William J. Clinton Presidential Library, grinned as he chatted animatedly with Sen. Hillary 	0
0	Kerry's Blue Blood a Winner, Say Royal Researchers (Reuters)  Reuters - When it comes to American presidential elections, blue blood counts.	1
0	Sharon Coalition in Jeopardy After Loss in Budget Vote (Reuters)  Reuters - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon crashed to defeat in a parliamentary budget vote on Wednesday likely to shatter his coalition and endanger his plan to withdraw from occupied Gaza.	4
3	Kerry vs. Bush: Duel Conclusion  Our political Duel ends in a smackdown!	0 1
1	Bush Accuses Kerry of New Contradictions on Iraq  President Bush accused Democrat John Kerry on Monday of  quot;new contradictions of his old positions on Iraq quot; and defended the US-led invasion a day before addressing skeptical world leaders at the United Nations.	0
1	Vancouver Film Fest Gets Confrontational (Reuters)  Reuters - The Vancouver International Film Festival, which is set to announce its lineup Wednesday, is giving top billing this year to politics and projects knocking President Bush.	0
1	Kerik Won #39;t Fill Homeland Security Post  Description: Former New York police commissioner Bernard Kerik has withdrawn as President Bush #39;s nominee to head the Homeland Security Department.	0
0	Israel, wary of dual peace process, slaps down Syrian overtures  JERUSALEM (AFP) - Israel slapped down peace overtures from Syria with Prime Minister Ariel Sharon reluctant to become diverted in a parallel peace track with Damascus while concentrating on his planned withdrawal from the Gaza Strip.	4
1	Bush talks of counterterrorism center plans  Touting measures to improve national security, President Bush said Saturday that government efforts to make America safe against terrorism have worked, but more actions are needed to reform the US intelligence service and track 	0
1	Bush Pledges a Broad Push Toward Market-Based Policies  Vindicated by Tuesday #39;s elections and with his party strengthened on Capitol Hill, President Bush pledged Wednesday to push a broad domestic agenda 	0
1	Mixed views in first presidential debate  CNN.com asked its users if they thought President Bush or Sen. John Kerry made a stronger case about preventing terrorist attacks in the United States during the first of three presidential debates.	0 1
1	Rove #39;s one blunder  In an effort to win Pennsylvania, the President backed Arlen Specter in the Republican Primary. Specter won by fewer than 16,000 votes and Pennsylvania went for Kerry anyway.	1
0	Kerry Urges Bush to Demand Attacks Stop  EAST HAMPTON, N.Y. - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry on Saturday night urged President Bush to "stand up and stop" what he called personal attacks on him over his combat record in Vietnam...	0 1
0	Kerry in a Struggle for a Democratic Base: Women  Kerry campaign officials have been nervously eyeing polls that show an erosion of the senator's support among women.	1
0	Bush, Kerry to square off in last debate (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry go head-to-head for the final time in their knife-edge election battle, with their final televised debate.	0 1
0	Miers Picked As White House Counsel (AP)  AP - President Bush on Wednesday named Harriet Miers, a longtime Texas associate, as White House counsel.	0
1	On LI, Arafat leaves a mixed legacy  As members of Long Island #39;s tiny Palestinian community absorbed the news of the death of Yasser Arafat Thursday, many spoke reverently of a man who had given the disposessed Palestinian people a voice.	2
0	John Kerry Takes Lead Over Bush in AP Poll  Democrat John Kerry has taken a slight lead over President Bush, according to an Associated Press poll that found him gaining ground with women, boosting his overall popularity and cutting into the president's advantage on national security.	0 1
0	Arafat Relative Unhurt in Gaza Car Bombing  JERUSALEM, Oct. 12 -- A top Palestinian security leader who is related to Yasser Arafat escaped unharmed Tuesday when a booby-trapped car exploded near his convoy in Gaza City.	2
0	Gaza pullback  #39;to freeze peace process #39;  ISRAELS plan for a unilateral withdrawal from the Gaza Strip is intended to freeze the peace process and block the emergence of a Palestinian state, the top adviser to the prime minister, Ariel Sharon, said yesterday.	4
1	Blair to Have Heart Procedure, Will Serve 3rd Term  British Prime Minister Tony Blair said he would go into hospital Friday for a procedure to correct heart palpitations but vowed he will serve a full third term in office if he wins an election expected next year.	3
1	Kerry Campaign Denounces Negative TV Ad Campaign  Supporters of Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry say they are taking legal action against a group that has tried to discredit the US senator #39;s record of heroism during the Vietnam war.	1
0	Bush Grateful for 'Five-Finger' Welcome (AP)  AP - Thousands of demonstrators protested President Bush's visit Tuesday, but Bush, eager to patch up relations with the northern neighbor, said he felt he'd received a friendly welcome.	0
0	Dems Take Chance With 'Fortunate Son' Slam (AP)  AP - Seizing on 30-year-old memos and memories, Sen. John Kerry's operatives are painting an unflattering portrait of President Bush as the "fortunate son" who used family connections to dodge the Vietnam War and then lied about it.	0 1
0	Israel anxious to help moderate post-Arafat Palestinian leadership  JERUSALEM, Nov 15 (AFP) - Israel is looking on anxiously at the unfolding struggle to fill the void left by Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s death, keen to assist moderate elements to ensure a peaceful transition of power.	2
1	Bush refuses to denounce anti-Kerry campaign  TONY EASTLEY: In the United States, the President George W Bush today refused to specifically denounce a campaign advertisement which accuses the Democratic nominee for President, Senator John Kerry, of lying about how he got his Vietnam War medals for 	0
1	Sharon gives Blair #39;s Middle East summit an unexpected boost  Israel is prepared to back a Middle East conference convened by Tony Blair early next year despite having expressed fears that the British plans were over-ambitious and designed 	3
1	Bush Praises Reeve  The star of the  quot;Superman quot; movies fell into a coma on Saturday after going into cardiac arrest at his home in New York. In a written statement, Bush says the actor was  #39; #39;brave in the face of adversity #39; #39; and was greatly admired by millions of Americans.	0
0	Kerry Warns Middle Class Against Bush  WASHINGTON - Massachusetts Sen. John Kerry accused President Bush on Sunday of planning a surprise second-term attempt to privatize Social Security, and forecast a "disaster for America's middle class." Republican party chairman Ed Gillespie called the charge "just flat inaccurate."   The clash erupted as Kerry and his running mate both appealed to Florida voters to cast their ballots as early as Monday under the state's early voting program...	0 1
0	Bush, Kerry have similar postwar strategies (USATODAY.com)  USATODAY.com - President Bush says U.S. forces will stay in Iraq as long as necessary but no longer. John Kerry says he wants to bring U.S. troops home but will not "cut and run" before the country is stable. Despite differences over how the United States went to war, either man as president would pursue a similar strategy now, their campaign statements show.	0 1
0	Sharon Allows 1,000 More Settler Homes in West Bank   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, facing a  party mutiny over his plan to quit the Gaza Strip, has approved  1,000 more Israeli settler homes in the West Bank in a move  that drew a cautious response Tuesday from Washington.	4
0	Ailing Arafat Heads to Paris for Treatment  Description: A French plane departs Amman, Jordan, carrying Palestinian President Yasser Arafat to Paris for urgent medical treatment.	2
0	Ex-Guardsman: I Contacted Kerry Campaign (AP)  AP - A retired Texas National Guard official mentioned as a possible source for disputed documents about President Bush's service in the Guard said he passed along information to a former senator working with John Kerry's campaign.	0 1
1	Republicans complain exit polls were erroneous  Republicans are fuming again over erroneous exit polls that showed President Bush losing re-election and over television networks quickly calling some states for Sen. John Kerry while 	0 1
0	Ex-BBC Journalist Blasts Government Over Hutton   EDINBURGH (Reuters) - Former BBC journalist Andrew Gilligan  had harsh words for Tony Blair's government and the BBC's board  of governors Saturday in his first public appearance since  resigning in the wake of the Hutton report.	3
0	Blair: Next Few Weeks 'Crucial' for N.Ireland (Reuters)  Reuters - The next few weeks will be critical for efforts to clinch a new Northern Ireland peace deal, British Prime Minister Tony Blair said Monday.	3
1	Missing explosives leave Bush red-faced  Washington - In a massive pre-election embarrassment for the Bush administration, 380 tons of lethal explosives - which could be used to trigger nuclear weapons - have vanished from a military facility in Iraq which was supposed to have been guarded by 	0
0	White House rivals stumping on well-worn campaign trail (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush and Democratic rival John Kerry traded blows on key domestic issues and criss-crossed battleground states hoping to sway undecided voters as the campaign clock ticks down.	0 1
0	Former POW Resigns From Bush Campaign (AP)  AP - A former POW resigned as a volunteer to President Bush's re-election campaign Saturday after it was learned that he appeared in an anti-John Kerry ad sponsored by the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth.	0 1
0	Blair admits feeling heat over hostage in Iraq  Kidnappers holding a British hostage in Iraq have put Britain in a very difficult position through their effective use of the media, Prime Minister Tony Blair conceded in an interview with a Sunday newspaper.	3
1	Campaign Roundup - Kerry says Bush is not the leader he claims to <b>...</b>  Democratic Sen. John Kerry said Wednesday that President George W. Bush #39;s leadership isolated and weakened the United States, pointing to Iraq as an example.	0 1
0	 #39;Batman #39; Ends Buckingham Palace Ledge Protest  An activist dressed as Batman, from the fathers #39; rights group that pelted Prime Minister Tony Blair with flour-filled condoms, caused a major security breach Monday by scaling the front wall of Buckingham Palace.	3
1	Blair looks to poll after Iraq apology  Iraq will not be the decisive factor for Britons in the next election, Tony Blair has said, as the Labour Party digested a conditional apology from the prime minister over the war.	3
0	Arafat expulsion has never been closer: Israeli FM  JERUSALEM - Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom said Thursday that Israel had never been closer to expelling veteran Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat from his West Bank headquarters.	2
0	Bush Blasts Kerry, Signs Tax Bill in Iowa  CLIVE, Iowa - President Bush said Monday that rival John Kerry's foreign policy stands "are dangerous for world peace," leveling some of his harshest criticism of the campaign during a trip to an important battleground state. Bush also signed tax relief legislation for 94 million Americans and hit Kerry on that issue, too...	0 1
1	Giuliani Hurt by Scandal Around Former Top NY Cop  Illicit affairs, mob ties, a secret love nest. The hijinks of Bernard Kerik, disgraced just as he aspired to join President Bush #39;s Cabinet, have also bruised the reputation 	0
1	Palestinian Leaders to Visit Arafat #39;s Doctors  Yasir Arafat #39;s deputy in the Palestine Liberation Organization, Mahmoud Abbas, and the Palestinian prime minister, Ahmed Qurei, will go to France on Monday to speak to 	2
0	Bush Marks Opening of Indian Museum  WASHINGTON - President Bush on Thursday marked the opening of the new American Indian National Museum, saying it will serve as a powerful reminder of the spirit and vitality of peoples native to the nation.   "The National Museum of Indian affairs affirms that this young country is home to an ancient, noble and enduring native culture," Bush said in the East Room of the White House...	0
1	Bush gives CIA chief more power  President Bush yesterday expanded the powers of the CIA director and established a National Counterterrorism Center, responding to recommendations 	0
0	Ventura Backs Kerry Without Saying Word (AP)  AP - Former Gov. Jesse Ventura now supports John Kerry for president. You'll just have to take Angus King's word for it.	1
0	Key Israeli leader embraces 'road map'  JERUSALEM -- Israel's foreign minister embraced yesterday the US-backed ''road map quot; leading to a Palestinian state and conditionally warmed up to Syrian peace overtures, more signs of movement toward Mideast peace in the post-Yasser Arafat era.	2
1	CBS says it can #39;t prove Bush documents #39; authenticity  CBS News said Monday it cannot vouch for the authenticity of documents it broadcast on  quot;60 Minutes quot; casting doubt on the National Guard service of President Bush during the Vietnam era.	0
1	Bashir blames Bush, Howard for charges  A DEFIANT Abu Bakar Bashir yesterday blamed US President George W. Bush and his Australian  quot;slave quot;, Prime Minister John Howard, for charges he faces over Indonesia #39;s deadly Bali and Marriott bombings.	0
1	Bush names Nebraska governor as secretary of Agriculture  President Bush on Thursday selected Nebraska Gov. Mike Johanns, a Republican attorney who grew up on an Iowa dairy farm, as secretary of Agriculture to oversee the nation #39;s farm and food programs.	0
1	Bush nominee will face tough questions for confirmation  President Bush #39;s nomination of Alberto Gonzales to replace resigning John Ashcroft as attorney general appears to be an effort to replace one of the administration #39;s most controversial figures with a more moderate leader.	0
1	Bush, Kerry Teams Work on Debate Agreement  NEW YORK Sept. 20, 2004 - Negotiators for President Bush and Sen. John Kerry are working on a final agreement for the presidential debates that both sides hope will give them an edge in the final weeks of the campaign.	0 1
1	US House Rejects Constitutional Ban on Same-Sex Marriage  The US House of Representatives, voting less than five weeks before the presidential election, rejected a constitutional amendment to ban same-sex marriage backed by President George W. Bush.	0
1	Driving home a point  NEW YORK - Buoyed by polls showing President Bush #39;s ratings on the rise, top Republicans invoked images of Sept. 11 on Sunday as they prepared for a week contrasting Bush #39;s leadership with what they called inconsistencies in John Kerry #39;s Senate record.	0 1
0	Citing sex trade, US to oppose loans to Venezuela  WASHINGTON -- President Bush has ordered a partial cut in US assistance to Venezuela because of its alleged role in the international trafficking of women and children for sexual exploitation.	0
0	Bush wants group pressure on N. Korea  President George W. Bush called on several Asian leaders Saturday to work together to convince North Korea to end its nuclear weapons program.	0
1	Jailed Palestinian reverses decision not to challenge for Arafat <b>...</b>  The Israeli and Palestinian leaderships were in upheaval last night as Ariel Sharon #39;s government faced collapse after the prime minister broke with his main coalition partner, and a popular Palestinian military commander launched a strong challenge from 	2 4
0	Sharon Optimistic About Peace Prospects While Violence Continues <b>...</b>  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has sounded a note of optimism about peace prospects in the coming year provided Palestinians stop violence against Israel.	4
1	Blogs put real-time spin on debate coverage  Besides the usual fare of major media commentary, bloggers across the political spectrum will be busy posting their views during Thursday night #39;s debate between President Bush and challenger John Kerry.	0 1
1	Blair Cuts Short Ethiopia Trip, Heads Home  British Prime Minister Tony Blair left Ethiopia for home late on Thursday, a day ahead of schedule, airport sources in Addis Ababa said.	3
0	Arafat Has Minor Exploratory Surgery, Official Says   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian President  Yasser Arafat underwent minor exploratory surgery on Monday in  his West Bank headquarters and is in stable condition, a senior  official said.	2
0	Book club has a read on Bush and Kerry (USATODAY.com)  USATODAY.com - During a presidential campaign in which voters are sharply divided, a survey of avid readers, released today, finds some common ground - at least when it comes to recommended reading for the candidates.	0
0	Suha: controversial but estranged supporter of husband Arafat  RAMALLAH, West Bank, Oct 29 (AFP) - Suha Arafat, the estranged wife of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, has remained one of his staunchest supporters despite courting controversy for her extravagant lifestyle and lack of tact.	2
1	Pentagon Plans US Reserve, Guard Troop Call-up, Kerry Says  Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry said President George W. Bush has a secret plan to call up more National Guard and Reserve troops after the Nov. 2 election.	0 1
0	Moderate Republicans Criticize Bush (AP)  AP - A group of moderate Republicans, many long out of office, called on President Bush and the Republican party to "come back to the mainstream" on the eve of the Republican National Convention.	0
1	Newsweek poll shows Bush widening lead  Three days before the election, President Bush is gaining on Sen. John Kerry among likely and registered voters, a Newsweek Poll said Saturday.	0 1
0	Bush and Blair present united front on new chance for Mideast peace (Canadian Press)  Canadian Press - WASHINGTON (CP) - President George W. Bush and his staunch Iraq ally, Britain's Tony Blair, presented a united front Friday on enlisting Europe's help for a new push to establish a peaceful Palestinian state.	0 3
0	Sharon Coalition Partner Quits Over Gaza Pullout  Israel #39;s pro-settler National Religious Party (NRP) pulled out of Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s governing coalition Tuesday in protest at his Gaza withdrawal plan.	4
1	McConnell #39;s Mideast trip at tense time  A day after Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s funeral, Sen. Mitch McConnell of Kentucky arrived in the Middle East amid an atmosphere of anxiety about what will happen next.	2
0	Move afoot for Abbas to assume Arafat #39;s powers  Senior Palestinian officials said last night that a move is afoot among leaders of the Palestinian Authority, led by Mahmoud Abbas (Abu Mazen) and Ahmed Qureia (Abu Ala), whereby Abu Mazen would replace Yasser Arafat as chairman of the Palestinian 	2
0	Fired-up US union leader lambasts Bush at British workers' conference (AFP)  AFP - The leader of the main US firefighters' union rallied behind Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry ahead of November elections, saying it was the right time for George W. Bush to be voted out.	0 1
0	Another leader in Britain stung by sex scandal  A sex scandal reminiscent of political romps that have embarrassed prominent Britons over the years now threatens the career of one of Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s top ministers as the nation heads toward a spring election.	3
0	Cheney Blasts Kerry for Allawi Comments (AP)  AP - Vice President Dick Cheney chastised Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry on Thursday, saying his criticism of Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi showed an appalling "lack of respect."	1
0	Israeli parliament OKs  #39; #39;disengagement #39; #39; plan  The Israeli parliament (Knesset) on Tuesday night upheld Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s  quot;disengagement quot; plan by a massive majority of 67-45.	4
3	Tax Reform Veterans See Hurdles Ahead  Two primary architects of Congress's last major tax reform say President Bush so far has failed to lay the groundwork for his ambitious tax agenda.	0
0	Arafat #39;s  #39;demise #39; up to us: Israel PM  ARIEL Sharon warned yesterday he would bring about the demise of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat  quot;when the time is ripe quot;.	2
1	Presidential Candidates Plan For Health Care  CHICAGO (CBS 2) Both President George Bush and Senator John Kerry have plans they say will reduce costs and provide health care to more people, but their strategies for accomplishing this are very different.	1
0	Israeli Woman Killed in Attack on Gaza Settlement  A Palestinian mortar bomb slammed into a house in a Jewish settlement in the Gaza Strip on Friday, killing a woman and fueling settler anger over Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to pull Israelis out of the area.	4
0	Fox New Channel admits reporter posted fake story about Kerry (AFP)  AFP - An official at Fox News Channel said that one of its political reporters has been disciplined for posting a fake news item on its website about Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry.	1
1	After Arafat  So PLO chieftain Yasser Arafat, the godfather of Islamic terrorism, is now dying or dead in a French military hospital. Will the passing of this mass murderer and master propagandist have an immediate impact 	2
3	Democrats, GOP spin numbers in September jobs report  COLUMBUS - John Kerry #39;s campaign in Ohio seized on yesterday #39;s Labor Department report that said the US economy added 96,000 jobs in September, a weaker total than expected in the last employment report before the Nov. 2 election.	1
0	Sharon snubs  quot;road map quot;  JERUSALEM Prime Minister Ariel Sharon says Israel has no intention of adhering to the US-backed  quot;road map quot; peace plan it endorsed last year.	4
1	Iraq Likely to Overshadow British Labor Party Conference  Britain #39;s involvement in Iraq is likely to overshadow the annual conference of Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s Labor Party, despite the British leader #39;s efforts to shift the focus to domestic issues.	3
3	Kerry, Greenspan Diff on Social Security  SEATTLE Aug. 28, 2004 - John Kerry doesn #39;t talk much about Social Security on the campaign trail, but he laid out some thoughts for a voter in Everett, Wash.	1
1	Bush rallies rise to stadium-size  President Bush hopscotched through Florida yesterday in a campaign swing that rallied nearly 100,000 partisans as he accused Sen. John Kerry of  quot;election amnesia quot; regarding the Iraq war.	0 1
0	Congress OKs  #36;136B Corporate Tax-Cut Bill (AP)  AP - The Senate shipped President Bush a wide-ranging  #36;136 billion corporate tax-cut bill and a disaster aid package on Monday, letting lawmakers head home for the finale of the presidential and congressional campaigns.	0
0	GOP Assails Kerry As Convention Begins  NEW YORK - Republicans belittled Democratic Sen. John Kerry as a shift-in-the-wind campaigner unworthy of the White House on Monday at the opening of their national convention, lavishing praise on President Bush as a steady, decisive leader in an age of terrorism...	0 1
0	Kerry Mocks Bush's War Leadership, Says Few Follow (Reuters)  Reuters - Democratic challenger John Kerry, portrayed by Republicans as unfit to be commander in chief, scoffed at President Bush's own wartime leadership on Wednesday and urged his rival: "Look behind you, there's hardly anyone there."	0 1
0	Bush must push for restored civilian rule in Pakistan: rights group (AFP)  AFP - Human Rights Watch urged US President George W. Bush to push for a full return to civilian rule in Pakistan when he meets President Pervez Musharraf in New York this week.	0
1	Bigley #39;s death a blow for Blair  London - The killing of hostage Kenneth Bigley is a blow for British Prime Minister Tony Blair, who - with a general election likely in early 2005 - has been struggling to escape the long shadow of Iraq.	3
1	Arafat #39;s ultimate failure was that he never dared to let go of the <b>...</b>  Yasser Arafat died as he lived: amid confusion, intrigue and farce. His fatal ailment was described first as a stomach flu, then an unknown blood disorder or liver condition and, finally, a brain haemorrhage.	2
0	Black Watch troops move into position  The first units of a Black Watch battlegroup are due to arrive today in their new positions south of Baghdad as Tony Blair indicated that more British troops may replace them in the American-controlled zone before the end of the year.	3
0	Confusion Over Arafat, Palestinians Prepare Burial  Palestinians looked to their leadership to lift confusion over Yasser Arafat #39;s fate in a French hospital on Wednesday as preparations gathered pace to bury the icon of the fight for a state.	2
0	Fatah members abroad summoned back due to Arafat #39;s illness: paper  Palestinian leadership has asked all the members of Yasser Arafat #39;s Fatah faction living abroad to return to Ramallah due to Arafat #39;s illness, Palestinian Communications Minister 	2
0	Arafat, Palestinian Uprising, and US Role in Israeli-Palestinian <b>...</b>  This article suggests that, the only single possible way to end the impasse in order to find hopefully, a truce and ultimately, peaceful settlement based on the UNs framework of the well-known 	2
0	Bush Wants CIA to Offer Up 'Diverse Views' (AP)  AP - President Bush has ordered up new measures to bolster the CIA in combating weapons of mass destruction and other threats, directing an agency that lawmakers have accused of engaging in "group think" to present "diverse views" to policy-makers.	0
1	Candidates sprint to finish in race thats jar-lid tight  President Bush and Sen. John Kerry reached for todays finish line in a campaign for the ages, each claiming to be the strong, steady leader needed in a time of terrorism.	0 1
1	CBS should investigate  Not long ago, pundits feared ongoing allegations about President Bush #39;s National Guard service would hijack the campaign, forcing the candidates to waste precious pre-election time talking about a 30-year-old war.	0
1	Bush Adviser Sits Under Air Force One  McGUIRE AIR FORCE BASE, N.J. - Karl Rove laid himself on the line Monday for his boss, the president of the United States...	0
1	Poll Indicates Bush, Kerry Deadlocked Again  A new poll suggests that the race has once again settled into a virtual tie. In the days after the Republican National Convention, a poll by the Pew Research Center found Bush ahead of Sen. John Kerry 52 percent 	0 1
0	Arafat's Ambiguous Legacy  Palestinians ready to compromise will claim to be completing Arafat's journey. So will those wanting to fight on	2
1	Bush Returns to Pa.; Kerry Stumps in Ohio  Bush Goes to Pa. Today to Talk About Health Care While John Kerry Heads to Ohio. President Bush speaks during a campaign stop at J  amp; D Manufacturing Wednesday, Oct. 20, 2004, in Eau Claire, Wis.	0
1	Bush, Kerry in Reach of Electoral Win  President Bush and his Democratic challenger, Sen. John F. Kerry, go into the final 48 hours of the 2004 presidential campaign within easy reach of an electoral majority, but neither has a clear advantage in the remaining handful of tossup states.	0 1
1	Failing Arafat sent to intensive care  Yasser Arafat, hospitalized in France, was rushed to intensive care after a setback and was undergoing new tests, Palestinian officials said today.	2
0	Veteran Backs Kerry on Silver Star Account  CHICAGO - A Chicago Tribune editor who was on the Vietnam mission for which John Kerry received the Silver Star is backing up Kerry's account of the incident.    William Rood, 61, said he decided to break his silence about the Feb...	1
0	Police Defuse Bomb in Italy After Blair #39;s Visit  ROME (Reuters) - Italian police defused a bomb early on Wednesday morning near the Sardinian holiday villa of Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi just hours after a visit by British Premier Tony Blair. 	3
0	Britain Rules Out Talks as Bigley Pleads for Life  BAGHDAD, 24 September 2004 - The British government yesterday ruled out negotiations with the kidnappers of Kenneth Bigley in Iraq despite a personal appeal from the captive to Prime Minister Tony Blair to help save his life.	3
1	Why time is running out for the old guard of the Middle East war  The intifada has raged for five years but achieved nothing, while evictions threaten Israels very existence. Now forces are gathering to remove Arafat and Sharon.	2
0	Asia-Pacific leaders to spur world trade, fight terror  US President George W. Bush and other Asia-Pacific leaders muster in Chile this weekend to spur world trade and suppress terrorism, under the growing menace of nuclear proliferation.	0
0	Kerry hints White House run in his future (AFP)  AFP - Defeated Democrat John Kerry, who has hinted he may run again for president in 2008, vowed to continue fighting for the issues he campaigned on as his party's presidential candidate.	1
0	Arab Leaders As Divided On Arafat Dead as Alive  The body of Yasser Arafat arrived in the Egyptian capital Thursday night for a memorial service to be attended by a group of men he managed to inspire and antagonize over 	2
1	Domestic issues move to center stage  com. In a wide-ranging debate on domestic issues, President Bush and Sen. John Kerry simultaneously laid bare some of the clearest policy contrasts of campaign while 	0 1
0	Kerry: Bush Lets Groups Do 'Dirty Work'  BOSTON - John Kerry fought back Thursday against campaign allegations that he exaggerated his combat record in Vietnam, accusing President Bush of using a Republican front group "to do his dirty work" and challenging Bush to debate their wartime service records.   "Well, if he wants to have a debate about our service in Vietnam, here is my answer: Bring it on," said the Democratic presidential candidate, reviving an old war and campaign slogan amid strong urging from party leaders for him to respond to two-week-old GOP assertions...	0 1
0	Blair to address Labour conference  The British Prime Minister, Tony Blair, will be outlining his hopes for a third term in office at the Labour Party conference in Brighton today.	3
0	Cheney Defends U.S. Handling of Iraq Explosives (Reuters)  Reuters - Vice President Dick Cheney accused Sen. John Kerry on Tuesday of being an "arm-chair general" and defended the Bush administration's handling of weapons sites in Iraq amid news that tonnes explosives disappeared from a facility near Baghdad.	1
1	Palestinian leaders close ranks in Arafat #39;s absence  The Palestinian leadership convened yesterday without Yasser Arafat in the chair for the first time in years, making a show of stability while the ailing iconic 	2
0	Israel to offer intelligence, humanitarian aid to Russia (AFP)  AFP - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon was expected to offer intelligence and humanitarian assistance to Russia after the Beslan hostage tragedy in talks with visiting Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov.	4
1	Bush #39;s Guard Duty Under Microscope  (CBS/AP) As a fighter pilot for the Texas Air National Guard, then-Lt. George W. Bush was assigned to fly F-102 #39;s out of Houston #39;s Ellington Air Force Base.	0
1	Blair heads to country home for rest after heart op  LONDON, Oct 2 (AFP) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair said Saturday that he felt in  quot;excellent quot; health as he set off for his official country residence to rest after a successful minor heart operation.	3
0	Bush and Kerry spar over Iraq, but economy looms large (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush, seeking a second term, and Democratic challenger John Kerry, have been sparring energetically over Iraq, but both men are keenly aware of the US economy looming large as a major campaign issue in the November 2 election.	0 1
1	Arafat fighting for his life; some powers shifted to Palestinian <b>...</b>  Yasser Arafat was reportedly fighting for his life Thursday at a French military hospital after losing consciousness, as anxious Palestinian officials transferred some of their 75-year-old leader #39;s powers to Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia.	2
1	Abu Mazin escapes assassination attempt in Gaza  Mahmoud Abbas, Abu Mazin, has escaped a failed assassination attempt on Sunday evening after three gunmen broke into the tent where condolences are offered for the late Palestinian President Yasser Arafat in Gaza and chanted slogans deploring Abbas and 	2
0	Attack prompts Bush website block  The re-election website of President Bush is blocking overseas visitors because of "security reasons".	0
0	Yasser Arafat is in very serious but stable condition  ThThe condition of Yasser Arafat, Palestinian leader brought to the military hospital in a Paris 10 day ago, is stable and remained unchanged.	2
1	Israel Hints Ousting Arafat Delayed by Gaza Pullout  Israel renewed its threat on Monday to remove Yasser Arafat but hinted it had delayed taking action against the Palestinian president to avoid complicating a planned withdrawal from the Gaza Strip.	2
1	Putin says terror attacks in Iraq target Bush #39;s re-election bid  Russian President Vladimir Putin said Monday that terrorists are aiming to derail President Bush #39;s chances at re-election through their attacks in Iraq.	0
0	Senate Mulls Whether Goss Should Head CIA  WASHINGTON - Even as Congress revamps the nation's intelligence network, lawmakers appear intent on getting a new CIA chief in office before they adjourn next month for the November election.    President Bush's choice for the post, retiring Rep...	0
0	Bush to Talk Health Care in Pennsylvania (AP)  AP - President Bush is returning to the swing state of Pennsylvania on Thursday to talk about health care.	0
0	AP Poll: Stable Iraq Tops Voter Priorities (AP)  AP - As President Bush mulls what to do after winning re-election, voters say his first priority should be resolving the situation in Iraq, where the fighting is growing more intense. They also want Bush to cut the deficit, which ballooned under his watch, rather than pushing for more tax cuts, according to an Associated Press poll taken right after the election.	0
0	Sharon warns Likud to vote for coalition  Ariel Sharon, Israeliprime minister, yesterday warned his rightwing Likud party that it would face early elections unless it backed a coalition with the opposition Labour party 	4
0	BLAIR SUPPORTER RESIGNS  British Prime Minister Tony Blair has lost one of his key supporters with the resignation of controversial Home Secretary David Blunkett.	3
0	Bush plucks bodyguard to safety  President George W Bush may have boosted his  quot;can-do quot; image when he came to the rescue of one of his bodyguards at an international summit in Chile.	0
1	Palestinian commission to investigate Arafat #39;s cause of death  RAMALLAH, West Bank The Palestinian prime minister has ordered an investigation into the cause of Yasser Arafat #39;s death. A statement from Ahmed Qureia #39;s (AHK #39;-mehd kuh-RAY #39;-uhz) office says a commission will 	2
0	World bids farewell to Arafat  Foreign dignitaries paid a last tribute to Yasser Arafat at a solemn funeral on Friday in Cairo, the city where the leader was born and fashioned as the founding father of Palestinian resistance.	2
0	Blair Flies to Stand by Bush in Post-Arafat Plans (Reuters)  Reuters - As George W. Bush formulates his plans for a Middle East without Yasser Arafat, British Prime Minister Tony Blair will be standing where he says he belongs: right by the U.S. president's side.	0 2 3
0	Documents indicate Blair was warned  LONDON - The government was accused Saturday of  quot;clearly misleading quot; the British public over plans for postwar Iraq after a newspaper reported that Prime Minister Tony Blair was warned a year before the invasion that postwar stability would be difficult.	3
1	Pakistan assured of continued US backing  NEW YORK, Sept 22: Cooperation in the war against terror dominated a meeting between President George W. Bush and President Pervez Musharraf on Wednesday with a brief reference to the need for a sustainable democracy in Pakistan.	0
2	All #39;s well for Schilling after 3-hou  After helping the Red Sox stats, schedule win their first World Series championship in 86 years and supporting President Bush in his bid to win a few red states, the man with the red spot 	0
0	Iraq dogs Blair as party conference starts  Violence in Iraq threatens to overshadow the start of Tony Blair #39;s party conference as the prime minister struggles to turn attention to the domestic agenda ahead of the next election, expected next year.	3
1	Louise Christian  The government has been given an opportunity to stop blindly following President Bush in suspending human rights to combat terrorism.	0
1	Bush Picks EPA Chief to Take Over Health Cabinet Post  President Bush moved today to fill one of the last vacancies in his second-term Cabinet, nominating Michael O. Leavitt, who has been the Environmental Protection Agency 	0
1	Blair admits feeling heat over hostage in Iraq  Kidnappers holding a British hostage in Iraq have put Britain in a very difficult position through their effective use of the media, Prime Minister Tony Blair conceded in an interview with a Sunday newspaper.	3
1	Sharon orders to continue Gaza Strip raid as three Palestinians <b>...</b>  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is refusing to halt the military operation in the northern Gaza Strip, despite the Israeli Army #39;s recommendation to do so, Haaretz reported on Monday.	4
1	Blair reshuffles Britain #39;s cabinet  British Prime Minister Tony Blair reshuffled his cabinet of senior ministers, bringing back a key ally to lead his election campaign.	3
0	Palestinian leaders close ranks in Arafat #39;s absence  The Palestinian leadership convened yesterday without Yasser Arafat in the chair for the first time in years, making a show of stability while the ailing iconic 	2
0	Bush leads way on campaign trail  President  Bush says better job figures show his policies are working, as a new opinion poll puts him in the lead.	0
1	Blair Tries to Counter Iraq Skeptics in Europe  Prime Minister Tony Blair admonished the international community today not to waiver in its support for military victory in Iraq and the establishment of democracy there 	3
0	W. Virginia delivers notice to Bush, Kerry (Chicago Tribune)  Chicago Tribune - For all the clamor about the contested vote in Florida electing President Bush in 2000, one could just as easily say he owes his presidency to West Virginia.	0
0	Nader to Hit Swing States; Kerry Improves (AP)  AP - With polls showing a narrowing gap between President Bush and Sen. John Kerry, independent candidate Ralph Nader said Sunday that he planned to continue campaigning in key battleground states in the final month of the presidential election.	0 1
0	Who #39;s in line to take over the reins  The parliament speaker would replace Yasser Arafat as Palestinian Authority president for 60 days, until elections. But he is unlikely to hold onto that position during a turbulent transition; timely elections also seem unlikely.	2
0	MI6 agents drafted in to improve Gaza security  MI6 agents and British police are setting up a high-tech control centre for Palestinian security services in the Gaza Strip to help them maintain control in the volatile territory after the death of Yasser Arafat.	2
1	Bush and Kerry clash over Iraq  Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry has launched one of his harshest broadsides against the Iraq war, drawing 	0 1
0	Kerry Campaign Unfazed by Bush Attacks (AP)  AP - Sen. John Kerry's campaign released a video Saturday comparing the controversy over Kerry's Vietnam service to attacks on John McCain during the 2000 Republican primaries.	1
0	A brief history of Iran's nuclear program  2002 Jan. President Bush describes Iraq, Iran, and North Korea as an  quot;axis of evil. quot;	0
0	Abbas Escapes Injury in Gaza Gunbattle (Reuters)  Reuters - Palestinian militants burst into a Gaza City mourning tent set up for Yasser Arafat on Sunday and fired shots in protest at the presence of his moderate successor Mahmoud Abbas, but he was unhurt, witnesses said.	2
0	FARC Said to Call for Attack on Bush (AP)  AP - Colombia's main rebel group asked followers to mount an assassination attempt against President Bush during his visit to Colombia last week, Defense Minister Jorge Uribe said. There was no evidence Saturday that rebels even tried to organize such an attack.	0
0	Bush and Kerry Trade Barbs in Fla., Ohio  DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. - The presidential candidates found new ways to go negative Saturday, President Bush accusing his Democratic challenger of putting politics ahead of the war on terror and Sen...	0
0	Arafat in Coma Between Life and Death   PARIS (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat lay in a coma "between life  and death" on Friday as senior Palestinian officials met to  consider a future without him.	2
0	Trust Iran, or Entrap It?  President Bush says it would be  quot;intolerable quot; to let Iran make a nuclear bomb, and he #39;s convinced Iran is doing just that.	0
0	Bush Tells Veterans of Plan to Redeploy G.I.'s Worldwide  President Bush said that the Pentagon would withdraw 60,000 to 70,000 troops over the next decade from Europe and Asia.	0
1	The New Face of National Security  Stephen J. Hadley, who President Bush yesterday named his new national security adviser, has had a prominent role in many of the Bush administration #39;s bigger mistakes, just as the under-reaction to al Qaeda threats before Sept.	0
0	Bush Ad Assails Kerry on Health Care (AP)  AP - President Bush criticizes the "liberals in Congress" and Democratic Sen. John Kerry, arguing that they want "a government-run" health care plan in a television ad the campaign rolled out Monday.	0 1
0	Israel  #39;dismayed #39; at Spain #39;s reaction  Israeli officials expressed  quot;shock and dismay quot; at an official Spanish statement following Palestinian Authority Chairman Yasser Arafat #39;s death, which called him  quot;one of the most relevant leaders of our time.	2
0	Sharon awaits critical Gaza vote  Israeli politicians held a stormy debate on Ariel Sharon #39;s Gaza withdrawal plan today ahead of a critical vote that could give the Israeli prime minister the crucial support he needs to push it forward.	4
0	Poll: Blair Retains Electoral Lead (AP)  AP - Prime Minister Tony Blair's Labour Party maintains a healthy lead over the opposition six months before elections widely expected in May, a poll released Saturday suggests.	3
1	Bush warns Iran, North Korea on nuclear ambitions  SANTIAGO, Nov 20 (AFP) - US President George W. Bush warned  quot;axis of evil quot; states Iran and North Korea on Saturday the world is united in its determination to thwart any plans to develop nuclear weapons.	0
0	Kerry, in Visit to Ohio, Goes Hunting for Conservative Votes  John Kerry said he bagged a goose, but his real target was the voters who may harbor doubts about him.	1
0	Bush won #39;t take Iran #39;s word for it  CRAWFORD, Texas As President Bush sees it,  quot;the only good deal is one that #39;s verifiable. quot;. He #39;s applauding the efforts of some European countries to get Iran to honor its commitment to refrain from developing nuclear weapons.	0
1	Blair in hospital for heart treatment  Prime Minister Tony Blair has entered hospital for heart treatment -- but first sought to quell speculation over his future by pledging to serve a full third term if re-elected.	3
1	CBS Sorry for Preempting Hit Drama with Arafat Report (Reuters)  Reuters - The CBS television network apologized to viewers on Thursday for interrupting the last five minutes of a hit detective drama with a special report on the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Bush, Kerry Set for Crucial First Debate (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush and Democratic rival John Kerry square off in a crucial debate on Thursday that will give voters their first chance to size up the two White House candidates side by side.	0 1
1	Area Jews, Arabs split on death of Arafat  The death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat has brought hope locally for a reopened peace process between Palestine and Israel - and a caution that Israel and the United States have the responsibility 	2
1	The Terrorist Statesman Took Peace Nowhere  Yasser Arafat #39;s last days on earth, a subject of intense interest throughout much of the world, have evoked mixed emotions in the country that was his life #39;s obsession: Israel.	2
1	Polls in 10 nations show support for Kerry  A series of polls conducted in 10 countries showed that only citizens of Israel and Russia hope to see US President George W. Bush beat Democrat Sen. John Kerry, where as in the other countries - Canada, France 	0 1
0	Yasser Arafat dies  Yasser Arafat, who triumphantly forced his peoples plight into the world spotlight but failed to achieve his lifelong quest for Palestinian statehood, died today, aged 75, Palestinian Cabinet minister Saeb Erekat confirmed.	2
0	Blair: Iraq Report Shows Sanction Problems  LONDON Oct. 6, 2004 - British Prime Minister Tony Blair said Wednesday that a US arms inspector #39;s report on Iraq shows that Saddam Hussein was  quot;doing his best quot; to get around United Nations #39; sanctions.	3
1	CBS Talks With Suspected Source of Documents  CBS News anchor Dan Rather has interviewed the retired lieutenant colonel widely believed to have helped provide  quot;60 Minutes quot; with the disputed National Guard documents about President Bush 	0
1	CBS Sorry for Preempting Hit Drama with Arafat Report   LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - The CBS television network  apologized to viewers on Thursday for interrupting the last  five minutes of a hit detective drama with a special report on  the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat.	2
0	PM setting out third term vision  Tony Blair is setting out his vision of the "opportunity society" that will be his mission for a third term.	3
0	U.S. Praises Israeli, Palestinian Pre-Vote Efforts  <p></p><p> By Saul Hudson</p><p> SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - Outgoing Secretary of StateColin Powell praised Israel and the Palestinians on Wednesdayfor seeking to make January's election for a successor toPresident Yasser Arafat work.</p>	2
0	2004 Presidential Endorsements (AP)  AP - Newspaper endorsements for President Bush, a Republican, or Sen. John Kerry, a Democrat, in the 2004 presidential campaign:	0 1
3	Snow to Remain as U.S. Treasury Secretary (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush on Wednesday asked Treasury Secretary John Snow to stay in his job and Snow agreed, ending a frenzy of speculation that the former railroad executive and loyal Bush foot soldier was about to be replaced.	0
0	Arafat Is Suffering From Exhaustion, #39; His Aides Say (Update3)  Yasser Arafat is suffering from exhaustion, #39; #39; his aides said, as doctors were called to his headquarters in the West Bank amid reports the 75-year-old Palestinian leader may be suffering his worst illness ever.	2
1	Bush signs biggest US intelligence overhaul  US President George W. Bush on Friday signed into law the biggest US intelligence overhaul in more than 50 years, including the creation of a new national intelligence chief to oversee the country #39;s spy network.	0
0	 quot;February election quot; report played down  Tony Blair #39;s office and party have played down newspaper reports that the prime minister may call an early election in February.	3
0	U.S. President Bush aims to avoid missteps on official visit to Canada (Canadian Press)  Canadian Press - WASHINGTON (AP) - President George W. Bush's trip north of the border will be akin to a polite dance where he'll try to avoid missteps that could create more anti-Americanism in Canada. For his part, Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin will want to avoid looking as if he's bending to U.S. will on trade and security issues.	0
0	Kerry and Bush Trade Charges on End of Weapons Ban, and Crime  Senator John Kerry accused the president today of caving in to the gun lobby, a charge rejected by the White House.	1
3	Urgent work in Congress  TWO FINANCIAL developments in Washington yesterday were minor in themselves, but they offer a glimpse of the big hurdles facing President Bush and Congress over the next four years.	0
1	Measuring the debate #39;s real impact  With one debate down and two to go, President Bush and Sen. John Kerry are entering a critical new phase of a race that has been recharged and, in some ways, reframed.	0 1
0	Will Arafat #39;s Death Affect Middle East #39;s Peace?  It #39;s been almost a week since Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat died. With constant conflict in the Middle East , some wonder if Arafat #39;s death will bring about peace in his former home.	2
1	Rice to have minor surgery  National security adviser Condoleezza Rice, who was nominated by President Bush Tuesday to be the next secretary of state, will have a minor surgical procedure Friday at a Washington hospital, NSC spokesman Sean McCormack said.	0
1	Bush, Kerry hit the campaign trail running after debate  TAMPA, United States : Each claiming victory in their first debate, President George W. Bush and Democratic White House hopeful John Kerry courted voters in key up-for-grabs states 32 days before the election.	0 1
0	Iran Rejects Kerry Nuclear Proposal  Iran on Sunday rejected a proposal by US presidential candidate John Kerry who has suggested supplying the Islamic state with nuclear fuel for power reactors if Tehran agrees to give up its own fuel-making capability.	1
0	Palestinians Attack Settlement After Arafat Dies   GAZA (Reuters) - Palestinian militants angry over Yasser  Arafat's death attacked a Jewish settlement in the Gaza Strip  on Thursday in what they said signaled the start of a new round  of clashes against Israel.	2
2	Injured pitching ace makes surprise appearance for Bush  Boston Red Sox pitcher Curt Schilling made a surprise appearance Monday morning with President Bush, limping to the stage to give Bush a strong endorsement.	0
0	Bush defends decision to invade Iraq at UN General Assembly  At the opening of the 59th UN General Assembly, Bush talked up the scheduled elections in the country and talked again of his vision of a democratic Middle East.	0
0	Iraq #39;s interim president, Jordan #39;s king visit White House  Welcoming Iraq #39;s interim president to the White House offers President Bush a chance to persuade Iraqi minority groups to participate in next month #39;s election - pivotal step toward a democracy still threatened by a violent 	0
0	Sharon cabinet set to approve Gaza pullout compensation  JERUSALEM : The Israeli cabinet was set to approve a package of compensation for settlers who are to be uprooted from their homes as part of Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Gaza pullout plan.	4
0	Bush Backs Budget Authority for New Intelligence Post  President Bush told members of Congress on today that he supports a key provision in the 9/11 report.	0
1	Arafat off to Paris, Middle East Discuss  #39;New Period #39;  Palestine #39;s legendary leader, Yasser Arafat, was taken to France for treatment yesterday. Arafat, who was reported to have leukemia, arrived yesterday at Percy Military Hospital near Paris via Jordan on a plane belonging to France.	2
1	Bush, Kerry Trade Shots On Flu  By Dick Meyer. By Dotty Lynch. By Bob Schieffer. (CBS/AP) President Bush and Sen. John Kerry swapped charges over a looming shortage of flu vaccine and the future of Social Security as they 	0 1
0	Bush Keeps Three-Point Lead on Kerry -Reuters Poll (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush held a three-point lead over Democratic rival John Kerry nationwide and slightly strengthened his leads in the vital states of Ohio and Florida, according to Reuters/Zogby polls released on Tuesday.	0 1
1	The Democratic Party: an Advanced State of Decay  Let #39;s hedge this with all the usual qualifiers. Kerry could pull it out. The spread #39;s within the margin of error. Respondents to polls are lying out of fear of John Ashcroft.	1
0	Kerry, Bush Clash Over Iraq and Allawi  PHILADELPHIA - Clashing over Iraq, Sen. John Kerry said Friday that President Bush's policies made the war against terror harder to win and "let Osama bin Laden slip away." Bush chastised his Democratic rival for questioning the motives of Iraq's interim prime minister...	0 1
0	Israeli Parliament Clears Payoffs for Gaza Settlers  Israel #39;s parliament backed compensation payments for Jewish settlers leaving the Gaza Strip in a vital vote Wednesday for Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to evacuate the occupied territory.	4
3	Global Stocks Rally, Oil Up as Bush Wins  US stocks climbed while bonds fell and the dollar lost ground against the euro on Wednesday as Republican President Bush won re-election in a tight race.	0
0	Sharon ready to take fall on budget vote  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is willing to lose Wednesday night #39;s vote on the first reading of the 2005 budget bill in order to prove to his Likud colleagues that the formation of a national-unity government is required to prevent early elections, sources 	4
1	Bush Says Iran Must Verify It Won #39;t Seek Nuclear Weapons  President George W. Bush said Iran must prove that it won #39;t seek a nuclear weapon after the Tehran government said it has suspended enrichment of uranium.	0
0	Bush Tells Crowd Kerry Will Raise Taxes (AP)  AP - Trying to energize the electorate in heavily Republican western Iowa, President Bush hammered home the message Saturday that voters must keep rival John Kerry out of the White House because the Democrat will raise taxes on the middle class.	0 1
0	Nuclear Standoff Hangs on US Poll #39;  The North Korean nuclear standoff appears increasingly to hinge on the outcome of the US presidential election as Pyongyang continues to blast President George W. Bush and insist there is 	0
0	Palestinian leaders expected in Paris Monday  The three members of the caretaker Palestinian leadership say they will visit Yasser Arafat at a hospital near Paris, despite angry comments from Arafat #39;s wife.	2
1	How Kerry can get out of his Iraq quagmire  Is John Kerry America #39;s Joe Clark? There #39;s reason to think so. Mercifully, there are more reasons to think otherwise. The Democratic presidential candidate #39;s judgment on big issues has been as faulty as the former Tory leader #39;s was.	1
1	Blair to urge end to trans-Atlantic rift  British Prime Minister Tony Blair will stress the need for Europe and the United States to put differences over Iraq behind them and work together to tackle issues such as Middle East peace in a speech on Monday.	3
1	Observers speculate on Mideast peace process without Arafat  When Rabbi Jonathan Gerard traveled to Israel in 1996 his group took a bus to the border of Gaza and, led by armed Palestinian guards through throngs of Palestinians, met with Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Arafat Flies to France for Treatment   AMMAN (Reuters) - A French Presidential jet left Amman  airport on Friday with ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat  on board, on his way for treatment in Paris, witnesses said.	2
1	Bush slams Kerry on arms remarks  WASHINGTON President George W. Bush said Wednesday that Senator John Kerry was spreading  quot;wild charges quot; by blaming the administration for the disappearance of hundreds of tons of unguarded explosives that the senator says have endangered US forces in Iraq 	0 1
0	Democrats Seek Louder Voice From Edwards  At a time when Vice President Dick Cheney has been mocking John Kerry, John Edwards has adopted a lower-profile stance.	1
1	CBS picks pair to probe Bush report  WASHINGTON - Former Attorney General Dick Thornburgh and Louis Boccardi, retired head of The Associated Press, will conduct an independent investigation of CBS #39; handling of disputed documents concerning President Bush #39;s National Guard service.	0
0	Israel's Peres Urges Election After Sharon Weakened   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's opposition Labor Party  leader called Thursday for early elections, effectively calling  off talks to enter the government after Prime Minister Ariel  Sharon's Likud party barred him from any negotiations.	4
1	Provisional ballots cloud clinching Ohio vote  President Bush pulled within striking distance of a second term early this morning, although Sen. John Kerry #39;s campaign vowed to stage a come-from-behind victory in the pivotal state of Ohio.	0 1
1	Parties call for postponement of elections  Despite a new call Friday for a postponement of the Iraqi elections, President Bush said he hopes they still go forward. Seventeen political parties say the election should be put off for at least six months 	0
1	Blair Was Warned of Post-War Iraq Chaos -- Paper  Britain #39;s foreign secretary and senior officials warned Prime Minister Tony Blair a year before invading Iraq that chaos could follow the toppling of Saddam Hussein, a newspaper said Saturday.	3
0	Congress delivers 146-billion-dollar tax cut (AFP)  AFP - Congress overwhelmingly approved a 146-billion-dollar tax cut endorsed by both President George W. Bush and his rival John Kerry but criticized by some economists.	0 1
1	Bush surges ahead in polls  NEW YORK: George W. Bush has received a significant lift from last week #39;s Republican convention and would win the US election if it were held today, according to a Newsweek magazine poll released yesterday.	0
0	Blair to talk terror with Musharraf  Prime Minister Tony Blair will discuss the fight against terrorism and Middle East peace with Pakistan #39;s President Pervez Musharraf when they meet tomorrow, officials say.	3
0	Bush Seeks Limit on Malpractice Jury Awards (AP)  AP - Limiting jury awards in medical malpractice lawsuits is President Bush's health care priority in his second term agenda, but there is strong disagreement over whether such caps would help contain rising costs.	0
0	Senate Panel Questions Bush's CIA Pick (Reuters)  Reuters - The top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee questioned on Tuesday whether President Bush's choice to head the CIA was too partisan to be able to restore credibility to U.S. intelligence services.	0
1	Varying polls reflect electorate volatility in US  Less than seven weeks before the Election Day on Nov. 2, a poll published on Saturday showed President George W. Bush was leading his Democratic rival, Senator John Kerry 	0
1	Bush Awards Presidential Medals of Freedom  President Bush has awarded America #39;s highest civilian honor to three men who were instrumental in the US-led invasion of Iraq.	0
1	Bush praises Pendleton troops, families  CAMP PENDLETON ---- Cheered by about 7,000 Camp Pendleton troops, President Bush thanked local Marines and sailors and their families Tuesday for their sacrifice during the war in Iraq.	0
0	Aides on Way to See Arafat Despite Wife's Fury   PARIS (Reuters) - Palestinian leaders headed to Paris on  Monday to see critically ill President Yasser Arafat at a  French military hospital, despite a scathing attack by his wife  who accused them of plotting to "bury him alive."	2
0	Nephew leaves Gaza for France to receive Arafat #39;s death report  Nasser al-Qedwa, Palestinian delegate to the United Nations and a nephew of late leader Yasser Arafat,left here for France on Friday to receive Arafat #39;s death report,the Arabic-language Radio Sawa reported.	2
1	Pres. Bush, Sen. Kerry making last min. preps for Thurs. debate  (Washington, DC) Sept. 29, 2004 - The first debate between President George W. Bush and his Democratic opponent Senator John Kerry on Thursday is setting up to be the most watched, most important of their 	0 1
0	Arafat's Lieutenants to Fly to Paris to See Him   PARIS (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat's senior deputies were to  fly to France on Monday hoping to visit the critically ill  Palestinian president after approving a plan for maintaining  law and order in the West Bank and Gaza.	2
1	Bush Rivals Doubt If US Can Hold Fair Iraq Poll  Washington, Sept. 25 (NNN): In yet another row here over the Iraq issue, political opponents of the US government have questioned its ability to ensure that full elections are held in the troubled Gulf nation in January 2005.	0
0	Bush's US security chief resigns  US Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge announces his resignation from President Bush's cabinet.	0
0	Arafat #39;s legacy  #39;to haunt successors #39;  BBC world affairs editor John Simpson knew the former Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat well. He considers what the future holds for the Palestinian people now he has gone.	2
3	The Bush team's stealthy assault on tax policy  You have to say this for President Bush and his advisers: They are not a timid bunch.	0
1	UK #39;s Blair Backs Blunkett Over Nanny Visa Questions (Update1)  UK Prime Minister Tony Blair gave Home Secretary David Blunkett his full backing over claims he fast- tracked a visa application for his lover #39;s nanny.	3
0	Report: Kerry Cured of Prostate Cancer (AP)  AP - Sen. John Kerry's doctors have told him he is cured of the prostate cancer that sidelined him almost two years ago and that there is a slim chance it could recur in the next decade, The New York Times said Sunday in a report based on interviews with the Democratic presidential nominee and several of his physicians.	1
1	Be responsible for learning investment basics  After reading a recent Expresso item I wrote supporting President Bush #39;s plan to reform Social Security, a woman sent me an e-mail asking how her twentysomething son should invest his 401(k) funds.	0
0	For Kerry, Thinking Globally Began at a Young Age   From the beginning, John F. Kerry has formed his presidential campaign around his service in the Vietnam War. But it is another war, World War II, that shaped his belief that the United States is more effective on the global stage when it works closely with other countries.	1
1	Protesters Pour Into Manhattan #39;s Streets  NEW YORK Aug. 29, 2004 - Protesters poured into Manhattan #39;s streets by the thousands Sunday to protest the war in Iraq and demonstrate against other Bush administration policies on the eve of the Republican National Convention.	0
0	U.S. Had Stormy Relationship With Arafat (AP)  AP - More than two years ago President Bush cut off all U.S. contact with Yasser Arafat as a failed and corrupt leader. But Bush did not retract his pledge to help the Palestinians achieve statehood.	0 2
0	Where's Arafat's Money?	2
0	Yasser Arafat laid to rest  Ramallah: Yasser Arafat, the icon of the Palestinian freedom struggle, was laid to rest in his ravaged West Bank headquarters in here amidst a surge of emotions and hysteria with many of his supporters firing from Kalashnikovs in the air.	2
0	Palestinian Leader Arafat Dies at 75  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat waves, greeting Palestinian women who packed into his compound to mark the International Women #39;s Day with him, outside his office in the West Bank town of Ramallah, in this March 8, 2004 file photo.	2
1	No surprise: State #39;s votes go to Bush  Colorado cast its nine electoral votes for President Bush on Monday after an election season that saw a failed campaign to split those votes proportionally among the candidates.	0
0	Musharraf Says Pakistan Has al-Qaida on the Run  Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf says he is confident his country is winning the war on terrorism. He spoke after meeting British Prime Minister Tony Blair in London to discuss the war on terrorism and other issues.	3
0	Delegates Split Over Blair #39;s Iraq Apology  For Tony Blair, sorry seems to be the hardest word. A day after the prime minister expressed regret about bad intelligence on Iraq, delegates at the Labour Party #39;s annual 	3
1	On the stump, the art of distortion  As he often does at campaign events, President Bush got his biggest rise out of the crowd in Bangor Thursday afternoon when he said he was simply paraphrasing Senator John F. Kerry #39;s statements.	0
0	Jet Crashes Before Picking Up Elder Bush  A private jet that was en route to Houston to pick up former President Bush clipped a light pole and crashed Monday as it approached Hobby Airport in thick fog, killing all three people aboard.	0
0	Bush, Annan Open UN General Meeting  President Bush and UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan outlined sharply different world views in speeches kicking off the 59th General Assembly debate.	0
0	Arafat #39;s potential replacement caught in gunfire  The leading contender to replace Yasser Arafat was caught in a chaotic gun battle in the Gaza Strip yesterday, foreshadowing the dangers ahead as Palestinian officials urgently 	2
0	Britain doing  quot;all we can quot; for hostage in Iraq  Prime Minister Tony Blair has his government is doing all in its power to help a kidnapped Briton -- but he has avoided a public response to insurgents threatening to kill the man.	3
0	Lawmaker Seeks Probe Into Bush Documents  NEW YORK - Top Republicans on Wednesday tried to tie the Kerry campaign to disputed documents used by CBS News for a story examining President Bush's Vietnam-era service in the Texas National Guard and called for a congressional investigation.    Meanwhile, CBS News president Andrew Heyward promised to work harder to answer questions about the veracity of memos it believes were written by the president's late National Guard commander...	0
0	Cheney Again Warns Against Choosing Kerry (AP)  AP - Vice President Dick Cheney on Monday assailed Sen. John Kerry as a vacillator on Iraq and warned against choosing the Democrat in November.	1
3	Oil Slips Under  $50 as US Supply Swell  Oil prices fell further below  $50 on Wednesday as a fresh rise in US crude oil inventories outweighed the impact of President Bush #39;s victory in the US election.	0
0	Campaigns Leave Red State Arizona Behind (AP)  AP - The presidential campaign has left Arizona behind. Democratic Sen. John Kerry made four visits and spent nearly  #36;4 million on television commercials in an attempt to make the state competitive. But polls this fall show President Bush with a comfortable lead, and Kerry has tabled plans for advertising in the first week of October.	0 1
0	Conditions in Ohio Point to Kerry, but Bush Runs Strong  Everything seemed to be in place for a powerful run by John Kerry in Ohio after Labor Day. Yet polls suggest that Mr. Kerry has actually lost ground.	1
0	Sharon, now a dear old softy, can only detract from Palestinian <b>...</b>  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is not known for a kindly disposition toward the Palestinians, nor for a gentle approach to the issue of a Palestinian state.	4
0	Renewal of Peace Process Discussed a Month After Arafat Death  The death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat a month ago appears to have created a new atmosphere for possible renewal of peace efforts in the Middle East.	2
0	Sharon sets date for Gaza debate  Israel Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip will be put to parliament in two weeks. Speaking at the start of a new session of the Knesset, Mr Sharon told Israeli MPs that the plan would be debated on 25 October.	4
0	Sharon under assassination threat from extremists  Israeli opposition leader, Shimon Peres, is worried that Jewish extremists may try to kill the country #39;s Prime Minister Ariel Sharon.	4
0	Sharon, with Party Backing, Invites Labour Into Govt   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  invited the opposition Labour Party on Friday to form a  national unity government, seeking to avoid early elections and  ensure a planned withdrawal from the Gaza Strip next year.	4
1	Bush and Kerry trade attacks  US President George W. Bush says Democratic challenger John Kerry flunked  quot;the credibility test quot; in. their testy second debate, but Kerry charges 	0 1
1	The Spin Begins  (CBS) CBSNews.com producer Jarrett Murphy reports from the site of the first presidential debate. According to their respective campaigns and surrogates, both President Bush and Sen. John Kerry will face skilled 	0 1
0	Bush Urges World to Unite With Iraq (AP)  AP - President Bush, defending his decision to invade Iraq, urged a vast assembly of world leaders Tuesday to stand united with the country's struggling government and said the proper response to spreading violence "is not to retreat, it is to prevail."	0
0	Blair to shift focus from Iraq  BRITAIN #39;S Prime Minister Tony Blair hoped to switch attention from the unrelenting bloodshed in Iraq to his campaign for a third term in office with his address today to the Labour Party #39;s annual conference.	3
0	Israel's Labour Opens Way for Alliance with Sharon (Reuters)  Reuters - Israel's opposition Labour party said on Sunday it had no preconditions for joining with Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, paving the way for a broad new government to push through his Gaza withdrawal plan.	4
1	Bush Lifts Libya Economic Sanctions  Washington, Sept. 21 (NNN): As a reward for the countrys decision to give up weapons of mass destruction (WMDs), US President George Walker Bush has lifted his country #39;s trade embargo on Libya.	0
0	Kerry claims Bush let bin Laden walk "out the back door" (AFP)  AFP - Democratic hopeful John Kerry accused President George W. Bush of letting Osama bin Laden slip  quot;out the back door quot; and of waging a scare campaign to win reelection.	0 1
1	Goldsmith faces calls to resign over Iraq  The attorney General, Lord Goldsmith, faced calls to resign last night as Tony Blair #39;s legal justification for going to war against Iraq began to unravel.	3
1	Bush Outlines Agenda for Second Term  President Bush pauses as he responds to question during a presss conference at the Eisenhower Executive Office Building of the White House, Thursday, Nov. 4, 2004 in Washington.	0
1	Bush Signs Intelligence Overhaul Bill  President Bush on Friday signed the largest overhaul of US intelligence-gathering in a half century, aiming to transform a system designed for Cold War threats so it can deal effectively with the post-Sept.	0
1	Bush sharpens jabs against Kerry  Spring Green, United States: President George W Bush sharpened his jabs against Democratic challenger John Kerry, who called for an end to the nasty advertising war that he said was scaring off voters three days before the rivals #39; first televised debate.	0 1
0	Protesters denounce Bush, APEC  SANTIAGO -- Chilean riot police used water cannons and tear gas yesterday to break up a demonstration by hundreds of rock-throwing protesters before more than 20,000 people marched to vent their anger at Pacific Rim leaders, particularly US President 	0
0	Jailed Barghouthi Joins Palestinian Presidential Race  Jailed Palestinian leader Marwan Barghouthi joined the race for president to succeed Yasser Arafat on Wednesday, drawing condemnation from his own Fatah movement and threatening to split the group.	2
0	New showdown for Sharon coalition  Fresh splits threaten Israeli PM Ariel Sharon's coalition as he seeks parliamentary backing for his budget.	4
1	Palestinians to set date for elections for Arafat successor  RAMALLAH, West Bank Palestinian officials are pushing ahead with plans for life without Yasser Arafat. The officials met today to set a date for elections to replace their longtime leader after his death last week.	2
0	Judge Orders U.S. to Find Bush Records  WASHINGTON - A federal judge has ordered the Pentagon to find and make public by next week any unreleased files about President Bush's Vietnam-era Air National Guard service to resolve a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit filed by The Associated Press.    U.S...	0
1	Israeli leader turns to old rivals to save government and enable <b>...</b>  Fresh from a painful parliamentary defeat, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Thursday he #39;ll turn to his old rivals in the Labour party to save his shattered coalition and get the support he needs to leave the Gaza Strip.	4
0	Bush Hits Kerry on Flu Vaccine Crisis, Draft (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush told senior citizens in Florida on Tuesday he was doing all he could to ensure they get flu shots and accused Democratic rival Sen. John Kerry of using fear politics on issues like the vaccine shortage and a draft.	0 1
3	Kellogg CEO to head Commerce Department  President Bush said yesterday that he had tapped one of the nation #39;s most prominent Cuban-Americans, Carlos Gutierrez, chief executive officer and chairman of the board of Kellogg Co.	0
0	Israel's Sharon: Arafat Will 'Get What He Deserves' (Reuters)  Reuters - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on Wednesday renewed his threat to remove Yasser Arafat, saying the Palestinian president would "get what he deserves."	2 4
0	Arafat is still in charge:Minister  RAMALLAH: Ministers insisted on Monday there was no vacancy at the top of the Palestinian Authority as they held their first cabinet meeting since Yasser Arafat left for life-saving treatment in France.	2
0	Kerry Calls for Renewed Debate Over Issues (AP)  AP - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry picked New York City, host to next week's Republican National Convention, to urge the GOP to abandon negative attacks and debate solutions to problems facing voters.	1
0	Poll watch: Candidates seek to shore up support in cliffhanger (AFP)  AFP - George W. Bush and John Kerry charged into the final week of their presidential race scrambling to nail down key votes in half a dozen states that could turn an agonizingly tight election.	0 1
1	Kerry criticizes president on terrorism, Iraq  John Kerry is using the situation in Iraq to question whether President Bush is the leader he claims to be. He noted that foreign countries aren #39;t following the US lead in Iraq.	0 1
0	Bush Promotes His Plan for Missile Defense System  President Bush, in Pennsylvania, said that opponents of a missile defense system were putting the nation's security at risk.	0
1	How president improved his black vote since 2000  When the final votes came in, President Bush #39;s black vote looked like a drop in the bucket amid his national flood, but it looked like a big hole in the bucket for his Democratic opponent.	0
0	Bush Doesn't See Longtime Presence in Iraq  ABOARD AIR FORCE ONE - President Bush says he doesn't envision a longtime presence of U.S. troops in Iraq similar to post-World War II deployments in Europe and South Korea that continue today...	0
0	Powell implores Arafat to quit as Palestinian chief  US Secretary of State Colin Powell appealed to Palestinian President Yasser Arafat on Thursday to step aside for the sake of achieving his lifetime goal of a Palestinian state.	2
1	Kerry in Southwest to Prepare for Debate  Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry promised to work for the middle class and energy independence, as he landed in this closely divided southwestern state to prepare for the last presidential debate.	1
0	Shift away from Arafat  #39;cult of personality #39; must renew Middle <b>...</b>  Perhaps through his death, Yasser Arafat has created a new opportunity for peace between Israelis and Palestinians. As the former Palestinian leader was buried on Friday, President Bush and British Prime Minister 	0 2
0	Bush's National Guard File Missing Records (AP)  AP - Documents that should have been written to explain gaps in President Bush's Texas Air National Guard service are missing from the military records released about his service in 1972 and 1973, according to regulations and outside experts.	0
0	Kerry Says Bush Failed to Level With U.N. (AP)  AP - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry said Tuesday that President Bush failed to present a true picture of Iraq to the United Nations and "does not have the credibility to lead the world."	0 1
1	Elizabeth Edwards Diagnosed with Breast Cancer  A spokesman for the family says Edwards got the diagnoses yesterday, the same day her husband, former Democratic Vice Presidential Candidate John Edwards and John Kerry conceded the presidential race.	1
1	Europe Hoping for More Amiable Bush  US Presidential election watchers gather a downtown Bangkok, Thailand, hotel Wednesday, Nov. 3, 2004, to view results. President George W. Bush and challenger US Sen. John Kerry were locked in a tight race as votes were counted across America.	0 1
1	Bush Names New Cabinet Pick  President Bush named environmental chief and former Gov. Michael Leavitt Monday to take over the US Department of Health and Human Services.	0
0	President Rohs Interview with BBC  President Roh Moo-hyun played down the prospect of an inter-Korean summit in a joint press conference with British Prime Minister Tony Blair on December 2 (local time) in London.	3
0	After Arafat I: The same old song  RAMALLAH, West Bank Yasser Arafat #39;s coffin had barely touched the ground in Ramallah when George W. Bush and Tony Blair, seemingly jovial over Arafat #39;s passing, offered yet another nonstarter for moving the Middle East from its never-ending peace process 	0 2 3
0	Effort by Bush on Education Faces Obstacles in the States  Since the president signed No Child Left Behind, the law has imposed changes on education, but it has also faced a backlash.	0
0	British PM flies to Sudan to press for peace  British Prime Minister Tony Blair arrived in Khartoum yesterday as the most senior official yet in a parade of Western government figures seeking to pressure the Sudanese over violence in Darfur.	3
0	China Lays Into  #39;Bush Doctrine #39; Ahead of US Poll  On the eve of the US election, China laid into what it called the  quot;Bush doctrine, quot; said the Iraq war has destroyed the global anti-terror coalition and blamed arrogance for the problems dogging the United States worldwide.	0
0	Shalom: Poisoning allegations  #39;vile lies #39;  Hamas leader Khaled Mashaal #39;s allegations that Israel poisoned Palestinian Authority chairman Yasser Arafat are  quot;vile lies, quot; Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom said Thursday.	2
0	Israel's Sharon Agrees Changes to W. Bank Barrier   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon agreed  Wednesday to changes in the route of Israel's West Bank barrier  but insisted on keeping key Jewish settlement blocks inside,  political sources said.	4
0	Volunteer Links Anti-Kerry Flier to GOP (AP)  AP - A volunteer for John Kerry said Friday he picked up a flier in Bush-Cheney headquarters in Gainesville, Fla., promoting Swift Boat Veterans for Truth, a group the Bush campaign has insisted for weeks it has no connection to.	1
0	Kerry Legal Team Member Is Issued Citation (AP)  AP - A member of Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry's national legal team received a citation on accusations he solicited a prostitute, but the aide said it was the result of a misunderstanding.	1
0	Bush Twists Kerry's Words on Iraq (AP)  AP - President Bush opened several new scathing lines of attack against Democrat John Kerry, charges that twisted his rival's words on Iraq and made Kerry seem supportive of deposed dictator Saddam Hussein.	0 1
1	Kerry set to take  #39;gloves off #39;  Democrat John Kerry, behind in the polls and vowing to get tough on the campaign trail, accused President Bush yesterday of operating an  #39;excuse presidency quot; and promised to create 10 million jobs in four years of a Kerry administration.	0 1
1	Presidential rivals gear up for key debates  WASHINGTONThe US presidential campaign is entering a pivotal two-week period at a boil with Democratic candidate John Kerry and President George W. Bush making emotion-charged arguments to set the groundwork for their first debate on Thursday.	0 1
0	Arafat in French Hospital, Facing a Round of Tests  Yasir Arafat arrived in France as the guest of the French government and was taken to a military hospital for treatment of a mysterious ailment.	2
0	CIA's Goss Wants to Get Back to Basics (AP)  AP - President Bush's election victory means job security for someone else: CIA Director Porter Goss. A loyal Republican congressman from Florida, Goss was Bush's last major nomination before the election. Goss, 65, took over the Central Intelligence Agency in late September, with the knowledge that he could be out of work if Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry won.	0 1
0	PM  #39;warned of post-invasion unrest #39;  The Government is under renewed fire after claims Prime Minister Tony Blair was warned before the war in Iraq of the scale of the task that would face British and other coalition troops after Saddam Hussein was toppled.	3
1	John Kerry Deserves  quot;Swift Boat quot; Kick   quot;Im John Kerry and Im reporting for duty, quot; saluted the freshly minted Democratic nominee during his acceptance speech at his partys conclave in Boston.	1
0	Official: British Hostage Tried to Escape  BAGHDAD, Iraq - Kidnappers beheaded British hostage Kenneth Bigley after twice releasing videos in which he wept and pleaded with Prime Minister Tony Blair for his life. A U.S...	3
0	AP: Kerry Fund-Raisers, S. Korean Spy Met (AP)  AP - A South Korean embassy official who met with John Kerry fund-raisers to talk about creating a political group for Korean-Americans was in fact a spy for his country, raising concerns among U.S. officials that he or Seoul may have tried to influence the fall presidential election.	1
0	Ohio Still Counting Provisional Ballots (AP)  AP - Thanks to John Kerry's concession speech, Ohio's election workers don't exactly have the eyes of the nation on them, but their job of checking and counting the state's provisional ballots is as difficult and time-consuming as ever.	1
1	Thompson declares his independence  Any question about why Health and Human Services Secretary Tommy Thompson might not have been a good fit in President Bush #39;s second-term Cabinet was answered in his moment of resignation.	0
0	Bulgaria #39;s VP Attends Arafat #39;s Funeral  Bulgaria #39;s Vice President Anguel Marin will attend the funeral of the Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat. Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat died at 3:30 am Paris time on Thursday.	2
0	Bush: Would Give 'Mission Accomplished' Speech Again (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush said he had no regrets about donning a flight suit to give his "Mission Accomplished" speech on Iraq in May 2003 and would do it all over again if he had the chance, according to excerpts from an television interview released on Sunday.	0
0	Sharon rejects army advice to halt Gaza offensive  JERUSALEM: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has snubbed the advice of his army chiefs and ordered the continuation of a massive military offensive in the northern Gaza Strip, media reports say.	4
0	Arafat Eulogized as Keeper of Palestinian Dream  In the international online media, Yasser Arafat is receiving gentler treatment in death than he usually received in life. Arafat was a  quot;truly great leader, quot; said the Jakarta Post in Indonesia.	2
0	Chirac, Blair Strive for Unity After Iraq  French President Jacques Chirac agreed to disagree with Prime Minister Tony Blair over Iraq on Thursday but pledged full cooperation, from Africa to the Middle East, when Britain heads the G8 and European Union in 2005.	3
1	Bush and Kerry both campaign in New Mexico  Sen. John Kerry and President Bush alighted in New Mexico yesterday, taking their campaigns to a state with five precious electoral votes and an electorate 	0 1
0	Bush, Kerry Campaign in West Before Debate  SANTA FE, N.M. - Bracing for their final debate, John Kerry accused President Bush of favoring "friends in the oil industry" over consumers strapped with rising fuel bills on Monday while Bush said his challenger so misunderstood the war on terror that he thought it could be reduced to "a nuisance" akin to prostitution or illegal gambling...	0 1
0	Kerry, Bush Start Debate Preparations  MADISON, Wis. - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry, arriving Sunday at a remote resort to practice for this week's debate, took a swing at President Bush for pronouncing the Iraqi mission accomplished while the monthly death toll mounts...	0 1
0	Bush: Kerry Has 'Election Amnesia' on Iraq (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush said on Saturday Sen. John Kerry has a case of "election amnesia" that led him to shift his stance on Iraq, painting his Democratic rival as a waverer unfit to lead America in threatening times.	0 1
1	South Korea Optimistic about Relations with North Korea  South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun and US President George W. Bush agreed to the early resumption of the six-party talks to end North Korea #39;s nuclear weapons program, according to Rohs spokesman on Nov. 5.	0
1	Kerry, Bush, Bring Out Superstar Supporters  (Philadelphia-WABC, October 25, 2004) - Just seven weeks after heart surgery, former President Bill Clinton is back, and appeared on Monday with Senator John Kerry at a rally in Philadelphia.	0 1
0	Agency Urges Changes to Disability Act (AP)  AP - An independent federal agency wants President Bush to propose changes in the nation's landmark disability act, citing Supreme Court decisions it says have reduced the status of disabled people "to that of second-class citizens."	0
1	Candidates square off for Round Two  WASHINGTON - Leading into Friday night #39;s second presidential debate, the poll numbers have flipped. The latest results from an Associated Press poll give John Kerry a slim lead over President Bush.	0 1
0	Bush Changes Context for War (Los Angeles Times)  Los Angeles Times - WASHINGTON  #8212; In the campaign debate over Iraq, one constant has been the divide between the presidential candidates on the issue of inconsistency.	0
0	Blair in Sudan for peace talks  Prime Minister Tony Blair arrives in Sudan to demand its government end fighting that has cost 50,000 lives in Darfur.	3
0	Election Reinforces U.S. Religious Divide (AP)  AP - President Bush's victory, the approval of every anti-gay marriage amendment on statewide ballots and an emphasis on "moral values" among voters showed the power of churchgoing Americans in this election and threw the nation's religious divide into stark relief.	0
0	Kerry, Bush clash over Iraq war  Democratic  candidate John Kerry and President George W Bush spar over the Iraq war as the campaign heats up.	0 1
1	Doctors Pronounce Bush Fit, a Bit Heavier  President Bush is fit, but a few pounds fatter, heading into his second term in office, doctors who conducted three hours of physical testing on the president yesterday said.	0
3	Bush eyeing major tax-code overhaul  Amid signs that the economy is cooling, President Bush is showcasing initiatives for a second term under the banner of an  quot;ownership society quot; in hopes of bolstering his economic stewardship credentials.	0
1	Iraq remains key topic ahead of US debate  President George W. Bush has defended the invasion of Iraq despite a new report rejecting. Thursday ratcheted up the political fight over Iraq 	0
1	Blair Reshuffles Cabinet, Appoints Ally to Coordinate Elections  British Prime Minister Tony Blair has completed a reshuffle of his cabinet, appointing his staunch supporter and former health minister to coordinate the Labor Party #39;s re-election efforts.	3
0	Bush Twins Host Pre-Convention Party (AP)  AP - Barbara and Jenna Bush, the president's 22-year-old twin daughters, arrived like rock 'n' roll stars at a Republican convention party Sunday, complete with red carpet, cameras and paparazzi shouting for a smile.	0
0	Sharon Says Nothing Will Stop Gaza Plan  JERUSALEM - Facing unrelenting criticism from Jewish settlers, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Monday that nothing would deter him from pushing forward with his plan to pull out of the Gaza Strip and parts of the West Bank.    Also Monday, scattered fighting in the Gaza Strip killed at least five Palestinian militants, including two Palestinians who infiltrated Israel from Gaza early Monday and were shot in a lengthy gunbattle...	4
0	Bush Inauguration to Tout Freedom, Service (AP)  AP - With the theme "Celebrating Freedom, Honoring Service," President Bush's second inauguration will heavily emphasize a nation at war, but festivities will rival those held during peacetime.	0
1	Blair rejects tally of Iraq war dead  Tony Blair has rejected a call for an independent inquiry into the civilian death toll in the US-led war in Iraq. The call came on Wednesday in an open letter to the 	3
0	Bush Support Strong After Convention (washingtonpost.com)  washingtonpost.com - President Bush emerged from his New York convention with a solid lead over Democratic challenger John F. Kerry, strengthening his position on virtually every important issue in the campaign and opening up a clear advantage on many of the personal characteristics that influence voters in presidential elections, according to a new Washington Post-ABC News poll.	0
0	Israel's Sharon Raises Prospect of Early Elections   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  may call early elections if an ultra-Orthodox Jewish party  fails to join a coalition for his Gaza pullout plan this week,  he said in an interview published Monday.	4
0	Florida Starts Massive Hurricane Cleanup  PUNTA GORDA, Fla. - Residents left homeless by Hurricane Charley's 145 mph winds dug through their ravaged homes on Sunday, sweeping up shattered glass and rescuing what they could as President Bush promised rapid delivery of disaster aid...	0
0	Gaza clash tests withdrawal plan  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon says he intends to withdraw from Gaza, but on the ground, Israeli occupation of the crowded coastal enclave is expanding and intensifying.	4
1	Democracy Activist Joins Race to Succeed Arafat  A Palestinian democracy activist who has campaigned for non-violent resistance to Israeli occupation said on Saturday he would run for president to succeed Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Powell: U.S. Didn't Bungle Chance to Catch Bin Laden (Reuters)  Reuters - Secretary of State Colin Powell on Friday rejected Democratic presidential candidate Sen. John Kerry's charge that the Bush administration had bungled a chance to catch Osama bin Laden in late 2001.	1
3	Kerry vs. Bush: Duel Conclusion  Our political Duel ends in a smackdown!	0 1
0	Further North meetings planned today  The DUP leader, Ian Paisley, will meet the British prime minister, Tony Blair, in London this morning. In Dublin at noon the Taoiseach will hold talks with Sinn Fin #39;s Gerry Adams and Martin McGuinness.	3
0	Bush Honors Fallen American Soldiers (AP)  AP - President Bush paused on Veterans Day to honor American soldiers who have died in Iraq and Afghanistan during his presidency and in wars past. As he spoke, U.S. warplanes and artillery pounded insurgents west of Baghdad.	0
0	US candidates in second TV debate  US President George W Bush and his challenger John Kerry prepare for what is set to be a critical second TV debate.	1
0	Yasser Arafat #39;s nephew hands over Palestinian leader #39;s medical <b>...</b>  (Ramallah, West Bank-AP) Dec. 11, 2004 - Yasser Arafat #39;s nephew has given Palestinian leaders his uncle #39;s medical records.	2
1	Bush, Kerry tangle on health care, taxes  Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry said Thursday that President Bush has failed to hold down rising health care costs during his four years in office, citing a new report that showed a double-digit increase in insurance premiums for the fourth 	0 1
0	Senate Hearings for CIA Nominee to Begin Sept. 8 (Reuters)  Reuters - U.S. Senate confirmation hearings for President Bush's nominee for CIA director, Republican Rep. Porter Goss, will begin Sept. 8, the chairman of the Senate intelligence committee said on Sunday.	0
0	Brother of British hostage in Iraq lambasts Blair's handling of crisis (AFP)  AFP - The brother of Kenneth Bigley, the British hostage held in Iraq, says he has received information that he is still alive, and lashed out at the low-key way in which Prime Minister Tony Blair is dealing with the situation as  quot;the kiss of death quot;.	3
1	Former Cabot, Fidelity executive nominated to head Department of <b>...</b>  Former Cabot Corp. and Fidelity Investments executive Samuel Bodman was nominated by President Bush to be secretary of the Department of Energy Friday, replacing Spencer Abraham.	0
1	Congress Sends Bush Tax Cut Bill, Victory  WASHINGTON Sept. 24, 2004 - Legislation extending three popular middle-class tax cuts for the rest of the decade sailed through Congress by lopsided votes in both the House and Senate, giving President Bush 	0
0	Britain's Blair to demand answers from Sudan on Darfur (AFP)  AFP - British Prime Minister Tony Blair was due to arrive in Sudan on a landmark visit during which he is to demand immediate action from the country's leaders over the humanitarian crisis in the war-torn western region of Darfur.	3
1	Poll suggests Kerry has lead in swing states  COLUMBUS, OHIO - John Kerry appealed to African-American voters on Sunday, as he pushed ahead with his campaign to unseat George W. Bush.	0 1
1	CBS: We Were Duped  The man who gave CBS (search) documents that have fueled a firestorm of controversy over President Bush #39;s Vietnam-era Texas Air National Guard (search) service has admitted that he deliberately 	0
1	GOP invading Democratic stronghold  Boston embraced local hero John Kerry when the Democratic National Convention marched into Beantown. But how will New York - described as the Death Star of the liberal elite -elcome President Bush?	0 1
1	New Book on Bush by Tabloid Biographer Raises Storm   LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - As if the 2004 campaign for the  presidency has not been dirty enough -- get ready for a  700-page book by America's most famous tabloid biographer that  alleges illegal drug use and other youthful misdeeds by  President Bush.	0
1	Bush nominates Rice to take over State Department  Condoleezza Rice, the Russian-speaking scholar and polished personality whom President Bush tapped Tuesday to be secretary of state, is known for her expertise and poise.	0
0	Arafat in Paris, tests begin  PARIS - Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat arrived Friday at a military hospital south of Paris to undergo treatment for a mysterious illness that has weakened him severely and added an unpredictable dynamic to Middle East politics.	2
0	Bush, Kerry Spar After Contentious Debate  ELYRIA, Ohio - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry, their animosity stirred by a contentious second debate, lit into each other over Iraq, jobs and debate performance on Saturday in critical battleground states...	0 1
0	NEW SETTLER FURY AT ARIEL  Angry Jewish settlers yesterday said Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s rejection of a proposed national referendum on his plan to pull out of the Gaza Strip 	4
0	Sharon threatens to kill Arafat  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon this week made a clear threat to assassinate Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat in an interview to mark the Jewish New Year holiday.	2 4
1	Rumsfeld to Stay on as Defense Secretary  President Bush has asked Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld to stay in his job and Rumsfeld has agreed to do so, a senior Bush administration official said on Friday.	0
0	Bush Campaign Lawyer Aids Anti-Kerry Vets (AP)  AP - One of President Bush's election lawyers also advises a group running ads against Democratic rival John Kerry. A Democratic Party attorney works for the group behind commercials that criticize Bush.	0 1
0	Arafat #39;s legacy: Statelessness for Palestinians  The exit from the world stage of Palestinian leader and icon Yasser Arafat will mark the end of a turbulent era, and the beginning of a period of uncertainty and possible instability in the volatile cauldron of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.	2
0	Kerry as the Boss: Always More Questions  John Kerry is a meticulous decision maker, always demanding more information, calling around for advice. But the downside to his deliberative style is a campaign that has often moved slowly.	1
0	Bush, Kerry Looking for Edge in Debate  SANTA FE, N.M. - Running even just 20 days before the election, President Bush and Sen...	0
0	Officials Wary of Plan to Split Up CIA  WASHINGTON - Officials reacted warily to a proposal by key Republican senators to transfer the nation's major intelligence gathering from the CIA and the Pentagon to control by a new director.    The warmest response, in fact, came from the camp of Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry...	1
0	Hailed as statesman, reviled as terrorist (Chicago Tribune)  Chicago Tribune - On an August day in 1982, Yasser Arafat faced one of his bleakest moments. His guerrilla fighters defeated, his commanders in despair, Arafat gathered his nationalist forces at a port in the war-torn city of Beirut.	2
1	Kerrys military strategy  The latest opinion polls in the United States show that Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry faces a tough battle in trying to take the White House from its current occupant, President George Bush.	1
0	Stump Speech Retooled, Bush Goes on Attack  President Bush delivered a scathing critique of Senator John Kerry's stands on national security and the economy.	0 1
1	Poll: Bush Back at 50 Percent Mark  A better showing among movable voters has helped put George W. Bush back at the 50 percent mark, with 47 percent support for John Kerry among likely voters as the 2004 presidential campaign enters its closing days.	0 1
0	British Hostage in Iraq Begs for Release (AP)  AP - The Arab news network Al-Jazeera on Wednesday broadcast footage of British hostage Kenneth Bigley pleading to British Prime Minister Tony Blair to work for his release.	3
0	Bush Says It's Kerry Misleading Americans (AP)  AP - President Bush took a sharp jab at his Democratic opponent on Thursday, saying John Kerry and not the White House was misleading the country about the war in Iraq.	0 1
0	Bush to visit Canada on Nov. 30; mad cow expected to be on agenda (Canadian Press)  Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - U.S. President George W. Bush will make his first official visit to Canada on Nov. 30, sources say.	0
0	New Kerry Ad Says Bush Lied About Debate  WASHINGTON - John Kerry on Saturday looked to frame the next presidential debate in a speech criticizing President Bush's economic record, but also tried to get in a final word about their last face-off by declaring himself the winner and Bush a liar. "George Bush lost the debate," an announcer says in a television ad Kerry's campaign unveiled Saturday...	0 1
0	Bush to name choice to lead Education Dept.  WASHINGTON -- President Bush today will nominate Margaret Spellings, his chief domestic policy adviser, as secretary of education -- making her the third senior White House staff member selected to lead a key agency in his second term -- senior 	0
0	Cheney Backs Off Linking Kerry and Terror Threat (Reuters)  Reuters - Vice President Dick Cheney on Friday tempered comments he made last week that warned of the risk of another terrorist attack if Democratic Sen. John Kerry were elected president.	1
3	August jobless rate dips  The US unemployment rate fell slightly and 144,000 more people found work in August, providing both the Bush and Kerry campaigns ammunition in their battle for the presidency.	1
0	Arafat Urges Palestinians to 'Correct Mistakes'   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian President  Yasser Arafat, under pressure to enact anti-corruption reforms,  said on Wednesday that some officials had misused their posts  and urged efforts to correct "all the mistakes."	2
1	The World According to Rice  Was Colin Powell angry? He #39;s so smooth and politic it #39;s hard to tell. But only a week before, the man President George W. Bush once likened to George C. Marshall had been, in effect, fired.	0
0	Sharon Approves Revised Israeli Security Barrier Route  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has approved a revised route for Israel #39;s controversial West Bank security barrier. The new blueprint was ordered after an Israeli Supreme Court ruling that the barrier #39;s 	4
1	ABC News Bush Picks Kerik for Homeland Security Job  President Bush has picked former New York City police commissioner Bernard Kerik as his homeland security secretary and an announcement is expected as early as Friday, Republican officials said on Thursday.	0
0	Fla. Democrats Hope for More Cuban American Votes (Reuters)  Reuters - Democrats are pouncing on what they say is a slip in support for President Bush among Florida's Cuban Americans, who backed him overwhelmingly in 2000 and have been staunchly behind Republicans in presidential elections.	0
1	Retired general who helped CBS now says Bush memos look fake  A former Texas Air National Guard officer whom CBS News relied on to support the authenticity of memos about President George W. Bush #39;s military service said that he never saw the memos 	0
0	Arafat #39;s doctors rule out leukemia  Leila Shahid, the PA envoy to France, said the determination about leukemia was based on tests carried out on Arafat, and she spoke of a possible problem with his  quot;digestive function.	2
0	Iran Celebrates Day It Humiliated  #39;Great Satan #39;  Several thousand Iranians burned US flags and George W. Bush effigies Wednesday, marking the 25th anniversary of the storming of the US embassy in Tehran just as the US presidential race neared its climax.	0
0	Sharon Resumes West Bank Construction  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has approved bids for construction of 1,000 homes in Jewish West Bank settlements after freezing them earlier this month, amid growing friction with the United States over continued settlement expansion.	4
0	Bush, Kerry camps spar over new overtime pay rules (AFP)  AFP - New rules governing overtime pay kicked in, sparking a politically charged debate over the impact of the new regulations on US workers.	1
1	Electoral battleground is shifting  Bush has strengthened his hold on some states recently in play, leaving Florida, once again, in a pivotal swing position. By Liz Marlantes  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.	0
1	Sharon Invites Labor Party Into Coalition  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon speaks to reporters after casting his ballot at the Likud party meeting in Tel Aviv, Israel, Thursday, Dec. 9, 2004.	4
0	AP: Kerry Fund-Raisers, S. Korean Spy Met (AP)  AP - A South Korean embassy official who met with John Kerry fund-raisers to talk about creating a political group for Korean-Americans was in fact a spy for his country, raising concerns among U.S. officials that he or Seoul may have tried to influence the fall presidential election.	1
1	Arafat #39;s Condition Critical, Leaders Urge Unity  Yasser Arafat was in a critical condition in a French hospital on Saturday and Hamas militants in Gaza said there was an urgent need for unity among Palestinian leaders.	2
0	Poll: Americans Uninformed on Bush, Kerry (AP)  AP - If matching presidential candidates to their positions on basic issues were like a "Jeopardy!" category, most Americans wouldn't earn a single dollar.	0
0	Prisoner plans run for Arafat #39;s position  Marwan Barghouti, a fiery Palestinian leader serving multiple life terms in an Israeli prison, indicated Thursday he is running for Yasser Arafat #39;s position as 	2
0	Britain Considers U.S. Request for More Iraq Help   LONDON (Reuters) - Britain is considering a U.S. request to  move troops into more potentially dangerous areas of Iraq, a  politically charged move which has re-ignited anger over Prime  Minister Tony Blair's support for the war.	3
3	Kerry Campaign Renews Attention, Money in Va.  Leaders of Democratic presidential candidate John F. Kerry #39;s national campaign have decided to spend an additional  $50,000 in Virginia, signaling that they have not given up all hope of winning the state.	1
0	Bomb Found in Town Near Berlusconi Villa  ROME -- Police defused a bomb in a town near Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi #39;s villa on the island of Sardinia on Wednesday shortly after British Prime Minister Tony Blair finished a visit there with the Italian leader. 	3
0	Greek leader criticises Bush over Macedonia amid compliments on re <b>...</b>  ATHENS, Nov 4 (AFP) - Greek President Costis Stephanopoulos on Thursday congratulated US President George W. Bush on his re-election, but criticised Washington for its decision to recognize Greece #39;s northern neighbour Macedonia under its constitutional 	0
0	Bush Says Iran Speeds Output of A-Bomb Fuel  In meetings with Asian leaders, President Bush also attempted to establish a unified front against North Korea.	0
0	Bush Urges World to Unite With Iraq  UNITED NATIONS - President Bush, defending his decision to invade Iraq, urged a vast assembly of world leaders Tuesday to stand united with the country's struggling government and said the proper response to spreading violence "is not to retreat, it is to prevail."   The country's prime minister, Ayad Allawi, offered an upbeat assessment after Bush's speech to the General Assembly of the United Nations, saying, "We are winning, we are making progress in Iraq, we are defeating terrorists," even as insurgents claimed they had killed a second American hostage in two days.    Of the brutal slayings, Bush said, "We will not allow these thugs and terrorists to decide your fate and to decide our fate."   Yet in a sign of continuing world unease with the situation, U.N...	0
0	Bush Boosts Presidential Pomp in Election (AP)  AP - It starts on the South Lawn, where a white-gloved Marine snaps a morning salute to President Bush as he strides toward his helicopter. Minutes later, the president turns to wave from the doorway of Air Force One.	0
0	Dems Brainstorm on How to Start Winning (AP)  AP - Lose the brainy Washington-speak. Expand the playing field to states President Bush captured. Baby-sit for moms who want to get involved in politics. Democratic activists, gathering for the first time after last month's election losses, offered plenty of ideas for how the party can get back to its winning ways.	0
0	Kerry Urges Bush to Demand Attacks Stop  EAST HAMPTON, N.Y. - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry on Saturday night urged President Bush to "stand up and stop" what he called personal attacks on him over his combat record in Vietnam...	0 1
0	Straw:  #39;No constitution vote until 2006 #39;  Tony Blair has signed the new EU constitution as Foreign Secretary Jack Straw indicated any referendum on the treaty will not be held until 2006.	3
0	Survey: Powell, Guiliani Could Also Be VP (AP)  AP - More than half the delegates to next week's Republican National Convention were willing to suggest a new running mate for President Bush if Dick Cheney leaves the ticket, an Associated Press survey found.	0
1	Bush #39;s Back  President Bush returns to the region today. He #39;ll campaign in Yardley, Bucks County, trying to fire up supporters for Election Day.	0
0	Egypt Agrees to Host Arafat Funeral (Reuters)  Reuters - Egypt has agreed to host a funeral in Cairo for Palestinian President Yasser Arafat, who is in a Paris hospital where he suffered a brain hemorrhage, Egyptian and Palestinian officials said.	2
1	Ashcroft and Evans resign from Bush Cabinet  President Bush is moving swiftly toward naming a successor to Attorney General John Ashcroft, and White House counsel Alberto Gonzales has emerged as the leading candidate for the job.	0
0	Reuters Poll: Bush Moves Into Dead Heat with Kerry (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush bounced back into a tie with Democratic challenger John Kerry one day before their final debate, according to a Reuters/Zogby poll released on Tuesday.	0 1
0	Phoenix gone, but glimmer of hope remains  A reporter once asked Yasser Arafat: Sir, you have survived many close brushes with death. What #39;s your secret? #39; #39; The Palestinian leader answered there was no secret, except for his uncanny instinct for sensing imminent danger.	2
0	Bush vows to  #39;reach out to our friends #39;  HALIFAX, Nova Scotia A  quot;new term in office is an important opportunity to reach out to our friends, quot; President George W. Bush said on an overnight trip to Canada, but he remained uncompromising about the US-led invasion of Iraq and his insistence that the 	0
1	Snow staying at Treasury; Principi leaving VA  Treasury Secretary John Snow has said  quot;yes quot; to President Bush #39;s request that he remain in his post in a second Bush administration, the White House said Wednesday.	0
1	Israel may encourage moderate Palestinians  The United States has reported encouraged Israel to help strengthen the position of moderate Palestinians in the wake of Yasser Arafat #39;s death.	2
1	Cheney modifies criticism of Kerry on explosives cache in Iraq  Vice President Dick Cheney modified his criticism of John Kerry on Thursday after declaring the Democrat got his facts wrong about the disappearance of several hundred tons of explosives in Iraq.	1
0	Bush promises more aid for Colombia.  United States president George Bush pledged Monday continued support for the Colombian government in its fight against drug barons and Marxist oriented guerrillas that have ravaged the country for decades.	0
0	Hurricanes Slow Fla. Presidential Campaign (AP)  AP - The four hurricanes that pounded Florida this season froze the state's presidential campaign in place, with President Bush fighting to keep Florida in his column amid voter concerns about Iraq and the local economy.	0
1	Blair refuses to say sorry  Tony Blair yesterday offered critics of his Iraq war strategy his most contrite justification for the conflict so far but stopped short of an outright apology, removing the word  quot;sorry quot; from the text of his speech to Labour #39;s Brighton conference in 	3
0	Arafat #39;s immediate successor a moderate  Rauhi Fattouh, the man chosen as Yasser Arafat #39;s immediate successor as Palestinian Authority president, is a 55-year-old moderate who only became parliament speaker six months ago.	2
2	Don #39;t expect Tiger to relinquish his top ranking without a fight  They #39;re calling Ohio a  quot;battleground state, quot; one of the two or three places likely to decide November #39;s presidential election. On local TV, the Bush and Kerry ads air so frequently that it #39;s easy to forget it #39;s Bob Costas who actually runs the country. 	1
0	Palestinians Urge US to Keep Deadline  The Palestinian prime minister urged the United States on Friday to stick to its original 2005 deadline for Palestinian statehood, arguing that President Bush #39;s recent proposal 	0
0	Bush Looking at Cutting Domestic Spending (AP)  AP - The White House is telling federal agencies to expect lean budgets next year, with congressional aides and lobbyists saying President Bush appears ready to propose freezing or even slightly cutting overall domestic spending.	0
1	Bush Mocks Kerry, Says He Could Debate Himself  President Bush said on Monday his Democratic rival John Kerry had shifted his positions on Iraq so many times he could  quot;debate himself quot; at the prime-time face-off between the two candidates in three days.	0 1
1	AdWatch: Kerry links Bush to veteran group  Announcer:  quot;American soldiers are fighting in Iraq. Families struggle to afford health care. Jobs heading overseas. Instead of solutions, George Bush #39;s campaign supports a front group attacking John Kerry #39;s military record.	0 1
0	Sharon eases conditions to restart peace talks  JERUSALEM - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has indicated he is dropping a demand that Palestinians crack down on militant groups before he will resume peace talks.	4
0	Bush Sees Patriot Act Renewal As Key Goal (AP)  AP - Attorney General John Ashcroft is leaving but the top issues for the Justice Department are the same heading into President Bush's second term: persuading Congress to renew key parts of the anti-terrorism Patriot Act and continuing fundamental reforms at the FBI.	0
0	Bush, Kerry Trade Charges Before Debate  DENVER - In a last-minute flurry of accusations before their final debate, John Kerry tried to tie President Bush to record oil prices while the president charged that his Democratic opponent has totally misunderstood the war on terror.    On the way to the debate that will range over domestic issues from the economy to health care, Bush is reaching out to military supporters in Colorado Springs, where the war in Iraq is the chief concern...	0 1
0	Sharon Says Gaza Settlers to Leave Homes  JERUSALEM - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon late Thursday ordered a troop pullout from a refugee camp, defense officials said, signaling that a two-week offensive in northern Gaza that has left more than 100 Palestinians dead could be easing.    The move came hours after Sharon announced that all 8,200 Jewish settlers will be pulled out of the Gaza Strip starting next summer and the operation will last 12 weeks...	4
1	Kerry stumbled, but Bush pandered  Regarding the whole Mary Cheney (non)outing controversy, I am obligated to start by administering a slap to my man John Kerry for being such a political klutz and, if I may say so, no gentleman.	0 1
1	Kerry Struggles to Win Women #39;s Vote  In the 2000 presidential election, eight million more women than men went to the polls, and more voted for the Democratic Party candidate than for the Republican.	1
0	White House Unclear on Israel Statements (AP)  AP - The Bush administration expressed confidence Thursday that Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon intends to "move forward" on peacemaking with the Palestinians after he withdraws Jewish settlers and Israeli troops from Gaza.	4
0	Blair  #39;Must Demand Greater Say in Iraq #39;  Tony Blair must use this weeks talks with President Bush to demand Britain has a greater say in decision-making in Iraq, the Conservatives said today.	0 3
1	Bush Prepares His Biggest Speech of Campaign  President Bush, hoping to build on recent momentum in the White House race, delivers the biggest speech of his campaign on Thursday in the city where the Sept.	0
1	3 Doors Down, Macy Gray Among Inaugural Performers   WASHINGTON (Billboard) - With the Jan. 20 inauguration of  President Bush, visitors to the capital won't be able to swing  a cat next week without hitting a ball or party.	0
0	Sharon, Bolstered by Vote, Reaches Out to Labor Party  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon phoned the leader of the Labor Party, Shimon Peres, this morning and asked him to begin talks on forming a coalition government, Israel Radio reported.	4
0	Bush to Hail Canadians for Response to Sept. 11   OTTAWA (Reuters) - President Bush, scorned by many in  Canada for the Iraq war, will hark back on Wednesday to help  given after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks as an example of a  close relationship between two neighbors that do not always see  eye to eye.	0
0	Arafat #39;s medical file handed over to Widow  PARIS (France): French authorities have handed over the medical file on late President of Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat to his widow Ms Suha Arafat, who is studying it, her lawyer said in a statement.	2
0	Blair denies he led Britain to war with false justification  Prime Minister Tony Blair on Wednesday denied leading Britain into war on a false prospectus, despite intelligence on the threat posed by Iraq being wrong.	3
0	Around World, Praise and Resignation for Bush Win  It was a race in which the rest of the world claimed an enormous stake. And as the American presidential vote count today tilted and then tumbled toward President Bush, leaders 	0
0	Bush Glosses Over Complex Facts in Speech (AP)  AP - President Bush glossed over some complicating realities in Iraq, Afghanistan and the home front in arguing the case Americans are safer and his opponent cannot deliver.	0
0	Edwards Calls for Changes to Drug Plans (AP)  AP - Democratic vice presidential candidate John Edwards called for changes to prescription drug programs and praised running mate John Kerry's military and government service at an outdoor campaign rally here Saturday.	1
1	Stocks Off Highs, Oil Jumps on Bush Win  US stocks advanced on Wednesday as President Bush won re-election, but slipped off the day #39;s highs after a surge in the price of oil.	0
0	Bush, Kerry gear up for final debate as polls show race too close to call (AFP)  AFP - The rival campaigns of President George W. Bush and Democrat John Kerry have hit the Southwest, where they are to face off in their final televised debate in two days, with polls showing the race still too close to call.	0 1
0	Meeting with Yasser Arafat  I was with a group of 30 reform rabbis who had joined to support the nascent peace process that had been chiseled out at Oslo and ratified on the White House lawn.	2
0	Kerry Does 'Top Ten' on Letterman Show (AP)  AP - Democrat John Kerry joked Monday on "The Late Show with David Letterman" about changes under President Bush's tax plan, including that Vice President Dick Cheney can claim the president as a dependent.	0 1
1	Bush Has 48 to Kerry #39;s 45 in Daily Zogby Poll (Update1)  President George W. Bush leads Senator John Kerry by 3 percentage points in the daily Reuters/Zogby poll. A Washington Post survey released yesterday showed the two candidates in a statistical tie.	0 1
0	Sharon, with Party Backing, Invites Labour Into Govt  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on Friday invited the opposition Labour Party to begin talks to form a unity government, a move that would avoid early elections and pave the way for a withdrawal from Gaza.	4
1	Bush declines to back beleaguered Annan  George Bush pointedly declined to support the United Nations secretary general yesterday after the head of a Senate committee investigating multibillion-dollar abuse of a 	0
1	New Opinion Polls at Odds Over White House Race  Two new opinion surveys in the United States paint very different pictures of the presidential race. A USA Today/CNN/Gallup poll of more than 1,000 people gives President Bush an eight-point lead over challenger John Kerry among all registered voters.	0 1
0	Imprisoned Leader Considering Run in Palestinian Election  Description: Following the death of Yasser Arafat, the most popular Palestinian political figure just might be Marwan Barghouti. Barghouti was convicted in an Israeli court of ordering attacks on civilians and now sits in an Israeli prison cell.	2
1	Bush waivers restrictions on aiding Palestine  US President George W. Bush waivered on Wednesday restrictions on providing funds to the Palestinian authority. The waivering of restrictions on providing funds to the Palestinian 	0
0	County experts, leaders see hope for peace  ITHACA -- Local experts and community leaders reacted to the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat with the thread of hope that a peaceful resolution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict is near.	2
0	Belarus lashes out at US sanctions threat  MINSK : Belarus warned the United States it was heading toward a Cold War-style confrontation after President George W. Bush signed a law threatening sanctions against the former Soviet republic for its poor rights record.	0
0	Bush tries to patch up rift with Canada  President George W Bush launched his first fence-mending mission since his re-election yesterday, flying to Canada to improve a distinctly prickly relationship with one of America #39;s oldest and most natural allies.	0
0	Bush Disappointed Intelligence Reform Failed  <p></p><p> By David Morgan</p><p> SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - President Bush expresseddisappointment on Sunday that an agreement on intelligencereform collapsed in the face of Republican opposition and vowedto renew pressure on Congress to reach a deal this year.</p>	0
1	The fog of politics  Here #39;s what many of us yearn for from a candidate, any candidate, but especially John Kerry, whose views need clarifying. The candidate should sit in a small empty room and face the camera.	1
0	Can He Stop the Killing?  The Palestinians' likely next President hopes to take on the militants--and Arafat's legacy	2
0	Bush, Kerry Rev Up for Campaign Face-Off  CRAWFORD, Texas - It's a classic pre-debate dance, maybe as important as the matchup itself: lower expectations for your candidate's performance and jab the other guy while you're at it. While President Bush and Democrat John Kerry remained secluded half a country apart on Sunday in preparation for their prime-time showdown Thursday, representatives for each side employed their own double-barreled debate strategy...	0 1
0	Netanyahu Presses for Referendum After Knesset Approves Gaza <b>...</b>  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon won an  quot;historic quot; vote in the Knesset Tuesday evening for his disengagement plan, but the uprooting of Jewish communities in Gaza is still far from a done deal after Finance Minister Binyamin Netanyahu immediately led a 	4
1	Clinton Lends Kerry A Hand  By David Paul Kuhn. By Dick Meyer. By Dotty Lynch. By Bob Schieffer. (CBS/AP) Sen. John Kerry got a boost Monday from the biggest star in the Democratic galaxy, as former President Clinton joined 	1
0	Butler launches attack on Blair  Lord Butler criticises Tony Blair's style of government and the way the Iraq war was "sold" to the public.	3
0	Bush nominates Johanns as agriculture secretary (USATODAY.com)  USATODAY.com - President Bush on Thursday chose Nebraska Gov. Mike Johanns as secretary of agriculture to oversee the nation's farm and food programs, an administration official said.	0
0	Blair Opponents Renew Attack Over Iraq (AP)  AP - Political opponents of Prime Minister Tony Blair launched a renewed attack on his handling of the Iraq conflict Sunday, as British soldiers prepared to move deeper into the country to support U.S. troops.	3
0	Palestinian PM asks French for Arafat medical report  Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia has formally requested that France publish the medical records of Yasser Arafat following his death last week, Quriea said Tuesday.	2
0	Iraqi kidnappers behead abducted Briton on videotape  Kidnappers beheaded hostage Kenneth Bigley after twice releasing videos in which made a plea for his life to British Prime Minister Tony Blair.	3
1	New York Art Shuttered After Bush Monkey Portrait (Reuters)  Reuters - A portrait of President Bush using monkeys to form his image led to the closure of a New York art exhibition over the weekend and anguished protests on Monday over freedom of expression.	0
1	UK: Troop move  #39;not political #39;  LONDON, England -- Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s government has dismissed opposition claims that a redeployment of British troops in Iraq would be a  quot;political gesture quot; to the White House ahead of next month #39;s US presidential election.	3
1	Abu Ghraib soldier to claim trial is unfair  FORT HOOD, Texas - A lawyer for a soldier accused in the Abu Ghraib prisoner abuse scandal claims that public positions taken by President Bush and military leaders have made it impossible for his client to get a fair trial by a military jury.	0
0	Palestinians confront life after Arafat  The children are playing with their new guns. Short, stubby pistols with removable magazines, black sniper rifles with scopes, silver revolvers, AK47s.	2
0	The Eternal Agitator  He shook the world by demanding justice for the Palestinians. But Arafat #39;s defiance ruined his chances to win them independence.	2
0	Sharon cautious on reopening talks  The Israeli prime minister, Ariel Sharon, yesterday said the death of his long-time rival, Yasser Arafat, could prove to be  quot;a historic turning point in the Middle East quot;.	2 4
0	Blair Was Warned of Post-War Iraq Chaos -- Paper   LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's foreign secretary and senior  officials warned Prime Minister Tony Blair a year before  invading Iraq that chaos could follow the toppling of Saddam  Hussein, a newspaper said Saturday.	3
0	Video Said to Show British Hostage Killed  BAGHDAD, Iraq - British hostage Kenneth Bigley, who pleaded tearfully last month for Prime Minister Tony Blair to meet his kidnappers' demands, was beheaded by his captors, a witness who saw the videotaped killing said Friday.    The witness, who asked not to be identified by name, said the tape - sent to Abu Dhabi TV - showed six hooded, armed men standing behind the kneeling Bigley, whom the witness recognized from two previous tapes released by the kidnappers in which he pleaded for his life...	3
1	Arafat #39;s body arrives in Cairo for funeral  Arafat, the symbol of Palestinian aspirations since the 1960s, died early on Thursday in a Paris hospital. After the Cairo ceremonies, his.	2
0	Egypt frees Israeli in prisoner swap  JERUSALEM -- Egypt yesterday freed an Israeli convicted of spying, in exchange for the release of six Egyptian detainees in a prisoner swap that signaled warmer ties between the countries. The exchange added to the surge in regional diplomacy since Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat died last month.	2
0	AIDS Activists Disrupt Convention Event (AP)  AP - AIDS demonstrators disrupted a Republican youth gathering on the floor of the party convention Wednesday, shortly after President Bush's twin daughters left the stage.	0
0	European Media Take Sides in U.S. Election (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush and the war in Iraq have so galvanized European public opinion that many newspapers are officially endorsing a candidate in the U.S. election for the first time.	0
0	First Lady Hails Bush Anti-Terror Record  NEW YORK - Republican National Convention co-stars Laura Bush and Arnold Schwarzenegger commended President Bush to the country for four more years Tuesday night, hailing him as a man of strength leavened by compassion. "You can count on him, especially in a crisis," said the first lady...	0
0	Africa #39;s Needs in Focus as Commission is Set for Meeting  British Prime Minister Tony Blair is traveling to Ethiopia this week, for the British-sponsored Commission for Africa meeting to discuss the continent #39;s pressing needs.	3
1	Dumb Democratic distractions drown out Kerry #39;s message  Watching the Kerry campaign in action this week, we couldn #39;t help thinking of a venerable  #39;80s movie,  quot;A Fish Called Wanda.	1
0	GOP Congressmen Defiant on Intel Bill (AP)  AP - Defying President Bush, Reps. Duncan Hunter and James Sensenbrenner  #151; who led opposition dooming legislation based on the Sept. 11 commission's recommendations  #151; said they won't change their minds without Senate concessions.	0
0	Sharon seeks backing for pullout from Gaza  Israeli leader tells lawmakers that his plan is the only way for the nation to be secure. JERUSALEM -- Israel gave Yasser Arafat permission Monday to leave his compound briefly to receive medical treatment 	2
1	Sharon abandons  #39;road map #39;  Israel will not follow the  quot;road map, quot; Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said in an interview published yesterday, acknowledging that he is casting aside the US-backed peace plan for now, even as Washington insists it is still valid.	4
0	Kerry Widens Lead in California, Poll Finds (Reuters)  Reuters - Democratic challenger John Kerry has a commanding lead over President Bush in California of 54 percent to 38 percent among likely voters, a poll released on Tuesday found.	0 1
1	Blair Cuts Short Ethiopia Visit  Prime Minister Tony Blair is on his way back to the UK following a three-day trip to Africa, Downing Street confirmed tonight. Mr Blair has cut short his visit to Ethiopia - he was due to return to the UK tomorrow.	3
0	Top Bush Officials Clash Over Iraq Election   WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Iraq's elections should be  nationwide, a top Bush administration official said on Friday,   clashing publicly with Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld's  suggestion that voting might not take place in the most violent  areas.	0
0	Ailing Arafat Examined in French Hospital  Seriously ill and perhaps fighting for his life, Yasser Arafat was rushed Friday to a military hospital near Paris that specializes in blood disorders.	2
0	British Hostage's Family Appeals to Blair to Save Him   LONDON (Reuters) - The family of a British hostage  threatened with execution in Iraq made a desperate appeal to  Prime Minister Tony Blair on Tuesday to meet kidnappers'  demands and save his life.	3
0	Before Marines, Bush offers assurances  CAMP PENDLETON, Calif. -- Seeking to buck up troops amid signs of growing impatience with extended tours of duty, President Bush told Marines yesterday to expect more attacks on US forces in the run-up to next month's Iraqi elections, but assured them that their cause is just and the United States will prevail in establishing a democratic Iraq.	0
0	Bush seeks unity on Iran, North Korea  SANTIAGO, Chile -- President Bush used his first trip abroad since reelection to press allies yesterday for help in hemming in the nuclear ambitions of North Korea and Iran, nations he considers part of an ''axis of evil. quot;	0
0	 #39;Secret Warnings Show Blair Misled Public on Iraq #39; - Tories  Prime Minister Tony Blair and Foreign Secretary Jack Straw were today accused of clearly misleading the public over plans for post-war Iraq.	3
1	Bush selects Iowa native for ag post  Iowa Congressional leaders said they look forward to working with Mike Johanns, currently Nebraska #39;s governor, who is President Bush #39;s nominee for agriculture secretary.	0
1	Kerry for President  EXPERTS TELL US that most voters have had no difficulty making up their minds in this year #39;s presidential election. Half the nation is passionately for George W. Bush, the pollsters say, and half passionately 	0 1
0	Kerry to Appear on Letterman on Monday  WASHINGTON - Sen. John Kerry will probably avoid the "Will it Float?" routine but might opt to deliver the "Top 10 List" when he appears on the "The Late Show with David Letterman" on Monday...	1
1	Faith a Focus of Kerry Speech to Florida Voters  Description: With just eight days left in the presidential campaign, President George Bush and Sen. John Kerry begin their last frantic week of campaigning.	1
0	Bush Campaign Trail Stops at White House (AP)  AP - Enmeshed in his re-election campaign, President Bush rarely spends a full day at the White House. But even when he does, presidential politics and campaign pitches remain close at hand.	0
0	Blair calls upon US to  #39;reach out #39; to partners  British Prime Minister Tony Blair called upon the United States on Monday to  quot;reach out quot; to its international partners, and warned Europeans to stop heaping  quot;ridicule quot; on US policy.	3
0	Danger zone #39; casualty fear for British troops  IN a move fraught with risks for Prime Minister Tony Blair, 850 British soldiers will move within days to one of the most dangerous parts of Iraq.	3
0	Kerry and Bush tied in latest US voter poll (AFP)  AFP - The latest poll of US voters confirmed Democrat John Kerry erased President George W. Bush's lead in the White House race following last week's candidate debate.	0 1
0	Police check  #39;curse #39; on Sharon  ISRAELI police have begun investigating several death threats made against Prime Minister Ariel Sharon in recent days over his plan to evacuate Jewish settlements from the Gaza Strip.	4
0	Sinclair Airs Anti-Kerry Material (AP)  AP - Sinclair Broadcast's program featuring material from a documentary critical of John Kerry aired Friday night, devoting as much coverage to the controversy as the film that sparked the uproar.	1
1	Palestinians believe they can build Arab world #39;s first democracy  Freed from Yasser Arafat #39;s one-man rule, Palestinians say they are eager and able to build the first real democracy in the Arab world, despite the dangers lurking on the road to Jan. 9 elections.	2
1	Commander #39;s Letter Praised Bush to Father  Two days after completing his basic training for the Texas Air National Guard in 1968, George W. Bush drew special attention from one of his 	0
0	Polls Suggest a Double-Digit Bush Lead  AKRON, Ohio - President Bush and John Kerry battled over the economy and jobs in a small corner of the campaign's most fiercely contested state Saturday as polls showed a post-convention surge for the Republican in the White House.    Late Saturday, Teresa Heinz Kerry, the wife of the Democratic presidential candidate, was taken to a hospital in Mason City, Iowa, after complaining of an upset stomach, a spokeswoman said...	0 1
1	GOP protestors clog New York streets  NEW YORK -- Tens of thousands of demonstrators marched past the Madison Square Garden site of the Republican National Convention today, chanting, blowing whistles and carrying anti-war banners as delegates gathered to nominate President Bush for a second 	0
0	Bush, Kerry Pause to Trade Barbs on Iraq  SPRING GREEN, Wis. - President Bush and rival Sen...	0
0	Sharon Presents Gaza Withdrawal Timetable  JERUSALEM - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon presented the most detailed timetable yet for a withdrawal from the Gaza Strip to his Likud Party on Tuesday, and warned party rebels that the plan "will be implemented, period."   A Sharon ally in the Cabinet said the evacuation of Jewish settlements in Gaza could begin by the end of the year, or several months ahead of schedule.    The initial plan called for a withdrawal from Gaza and four small West Bank settlements in four stages, to be completed by September 2005...	4
1	Bush says soldiers #39; concerns about equipment being addressed  US President George W. Bush said Thursday US troops in Iraq  quot;deserve the best quot; and their concerns about inadequate equipment are being addressed.	0
1	The end of an era  The death of Yasser Arafat brings the Middle East to the end of an era. Mr Arafat symbolised - for over four decades - the Palestinian people #39;s struggle for an independent homeland.	2
1	French medical sources confirm Arafat in coma  CLAMART-France: Yasser Arafat is in a coma on life-support equipment in the intensive care unit of a Paris hospital, French medical sources said Thursday as confusion heightened over the Palestinian leader #39;s condition.	2
1	Palestinian officials say Arafat #39;s condition has deteriorated <b>...</b>  Yasser Arafat #39;s condition has deteriorated significantly over the past day, and doctors treating him at a Paris hospital remain unsure what has caused the 75-year-old Palestinian leader #39;s illness, Palestinian officials said early Thursday.	2
0	Israeli Troops Kill 14 Palestinians, Sharon Asks for Gaza Plan <b>...</b>  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has formally asked parliament to approve his Gaza withdrawal plan, saying it will strengthen Israel and will move the Jewish state forward  quot;on the road to peace.	4
1	EPA chief picked to be health secretary  President Bush #39;s decision Monday to nominate EPA Administrator Mike Leavitt as secretary of health and human services opens the way for renewed battles over the administration #39;s health care and environmental policies.	0
1	French Jewish families demand Arafat interrogation  PARIS, Oct 29 (AFP) - The relatives of six French citizens killed in Palestinian attacks in Israel several years ago have called for French authorities to question Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat while he receives treatment in Paris for a serious medical 	2
0	Iran's Clerics Lean Towards Kerry to Ease Pressure (Reuters)  Reuters - Iranian officials like to portray U.S. presidential elections as a choice between bad and worse but there is little doubt they would prefer Democratic challenger John Kerry to win next week.	1
0	World Wants Bush Out of the White House: Poll (Reuters)  Reuters - The world wants President Bush out of the White House, according to a poll released on Wednesday that shows in 30 of 35 countries people preferred Democrat candidate John Kerry.	0 1
1	FCC has bigger fish to fry  It has been a tough week to be a CBS executive. Two days after the news division admitted serious flaws in its blockbuster story about President Bush #39;s National Guard service, the Tiffany network #39;s parent 	0
3	Abraham Leaving Energy Department  Spencer Abraham joined the exodus from President Bush's  Cabinet yesterday, submitting his resignation as energy secretary after four years of running a department that faced a series of high-profile challenges.	0
0	Final respects paid to Arafat  Palestinians pay their last respects to Yasser Arafat after chaotic scenes at his burial in Ramallah.	2
0	Bush May Come Up With 2nd-Term Surprises (AP)  AP - Odd things can happen when presidents no longer have to worry about re-election. George W. Bush embarks on another four years in the White House unleashed from election concerns for the first time in his presidency, raising questions about what he will do with the freedom of a second term.	0
1	Gunmen shoot Palestinian intelligence chief  reforms. But sponsors feared nothing would come of it because President Yasser Arafat had withheld. Gunmen fired from two moving cars as Abu Rajab drove to his office in Gaza City, witnesses said.	2
1	Bush intelligence plan falls short of 9/11 panel advice  President Bush submitted a plan to Congress yesterday that gives a new national intelligence director authority over much of the intelligence community, but not the full powers sought by the Sept.	0
1	Bush defiant at UN  President George W. Bush told skeptical foreign leaders and envoys Tuesday that Iraq was on its way to stability and democracy and called for  quot;a new definition of security 	0
3	Dow Ends Up 101 on President Bush Victory  Wall Street celebrated President Bush #39;s re-election with a solid rally Wednesday, surging higher as investors welcomed continuity in Washington and shrugged off higher oil prices.	0
1	Kenesset approves Sharon #39;s withdrawal plan  The Israeli Knesset Tuesday approved Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to move Israeli settlers out of Gaza by a 67-45 vote, with seven abstentions.	4
0	Bush Tours Fla., Kerry Faults Bush on Oil (AP)  AP - On the eve of the first presidential debate, President Bush toured hurricane-battered Florida for the fifth time in six weeks on Wednesday, while rival John Kerry blamed Bush for sky-high oil prices.	0 1
0	Rivals run a relay race for president (USATODAY.com)  USATODAY.com - Colorado, New Mexico and Florida are three of the most competitive states in the presidential election. USA TODAY reporters and photographers followed President Bush and Sen. John Kerry as they bounced around those states - and three time zones - Saturday, 10 days before Election Day. Here is a look at their day on the road.	0 1
1	Kerry broadsides W #39;s Iraq policy   quot;W stands for Wrong quot; - in an effort to focus the debate on domestic issues, but instead got embroiled in a new spat about Iraq.	1
0	Israel Kills 14 in Gaza Before Key Withdrawal Vote   GAZA (Reuters) - The Israeli army killed 14 Palestinians in  a raid on a Gaza refugee camp Monday as Prime Minister Ariel  Sharon prepared for a critical parliamentary vote on his plan  to withdraw from the occupied territory.	4
0	Palestinians united in frustration over scant news of Arafat  GAZA CITY, Nov 8 (AFP) - Ordinary Palestinians, politicians and militants were Monday united in frustration over the dearth of information about the condition of Yasser Arafat who has been fighting for his life in a Paris hospital for 10 days.	2
1	Democrats Vow to Hold Bush Accountable  Congressional Democrats returned to Washington in a defiant mood yesterday, making no apologies for the campaign in which they lost congressional seats and the presidential 	0
1	Kerry Campaign Seeks Equal Time Over Film (AP)  AP - Sen. John Kerry's presidential campaign, contending that Sinclair Broadcast Group wants to help President Bush by airing an anti-Kerry documentary two weeks before the election, asked on Friday that each station carrying the program provide a similar amount of time to Kerry supporters.	0 1
0	Bush defends Iraq war at the UN  US President George W. Bush has declared Iraq and Afghanistan to be on the road to democracy and stability and said they would become models for reshaping the entire Middle East.	0
0	Arafat Has Diagnostic Procedure, No Major Ailment Found  Yasser Arafat underwent a minor diagnostic procedure on Monday and doctors found no major ailment after a week of concerns over the Palestinian president #39;s health, officials said.	2
3	Risks Seen for TV Chain Showing Film About Kerry  This week, the 62 stations controlled by the Sinclair Broadcasting Group plan to show a documentary about John Kerry's antiwar activities 30 years ago. The film could negatively affect both Mr. Kerry and Sinclair.	1
1	Greek leader criticises Bush over Macedonia amid compliments on re <b>...</b>  ATHENS, Nov 4 (AFP) - Greek President Costis Stephanopoulos on Thursday congratulated US President George W. Bush on his re-election, but criticised Washington for its decision to recognize Greece #39;s northern neighbour Macedonia under its constitutional 	0
0	Energised Kerry lashes Bush, fires up campaign after debate (AFP)  AFP - Democratic challenger John Kerry roared back to the campaign trail, piling more scorn on President George W. Bush's Iraq policy, as he shot for a comeback in the race for the White House.	0 1
0	Kerry May Be Rude Awakening for Europe - Think-Tank (Reuters)  Reuters - Far from instantly healing transatlantic tensions, a John Kerry presidency could present Europeans with an agonizing new dilemma on Iraq, the head of a leading think-tank said Monday.	1
0	Labour to work with Sharon on peace with Palestinians  Peres says his Labour partys main objective is to work with Sharon to achieve peace with Palestinians. ROME- Israeli Labour party leader Shimon Peres said he would work with Prime Minister Ariel Sharon 	4
0	We face a new war  British troops are back at war in Iraq at the centre of a new battle against global terrorism, Tony Blair said yesterday. The first conflict to remove Saddam Hussein, and 	3
0	Sharon heralds a new era of peace  DECLARING the occupation of one nation by another to be  quot;a horrible disaster for both peoples quot;, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said yesterday the coming year offered a historic opportunity for peace with the Palestinians.	4
1	Kerry sees a crisis of  #39;historic #39; dimension  WASHINGTON In one of his sharpest and most detailed attacks on the Bush administration #39;s Iraq policy, Senator John Kerry charged President George W. Bush on Monday with a series of critical misjudgments and obfuscations that he said had created a  quot;crisis 	0 1
0	What #39;s behind Israeli construction permits?  Timing of new building in West Bank linked to political survival instincts of Ariel Sharon. In a move that caught both the international community and the Bush administration by surprise, the government of Israel Tuesdayissued contract proposals for 1,001 ...	4
0	Kerry, Bush Trade Charges in New Mexico (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush and Democratic Sen. John Kerry traded attacks in New Mexico on Monday, with Bush saying Kerry fundamentally misunderstands the war on terror and Kerry charging the president favors the rich and powerful over the middle class.	0 1
0	Israel, Palestinians Assess Middle East Peace After Arafat  Israeli Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom is to meet with Secretary of State Colin Powell in Washington to discuss prospects for renewing the Middle East peace process, following the death last week of Yasser Arafat.	2
1	Abbas takes pole position after Barghuti withdraws from election <b>...</b>  RAMALLAH, West Bank - New PLO chief Mahmud Abbas emerged on Saturday as the clear contender to replace Yasser Arafat a day after jailed West Bank Fatah leader Marwan Barghuti said he would not be running in the presidential runoff in six weeks time.	2
1	The Iraq Debate  THE PRESIDENTIAL campaign debate on Iraq grew considerably sharper -- and clearer -- over the past week. President Bush and visiting Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi made the case that Iraq is  quot;a central front 	0
0	Blair warned over Iraq backlash  Tony Blair has been warned that British troops in Iraq could face a dangerous backlash if US attempts to seize the insurgent stronghold of Fallujah ended in mass bloodshed.	3
0	Bush Signs Tax Bill in Swing State of Iowa  DES MOINES, Iowa - President Bush signed his fourth tax cut in four years on Monday, extending three tax breaks popular with middle-class voters and reviving other tax incentives for businesses.    Bush held the bill signing ceremony at a YMCA in Iowa, one of the most contested states in this year's presidential election with Democrat John Kerry and a state Bush lost by a razor-thin margin in 2000...	0
0	Bush  #39;hopes #39; for Palestinian state  President George W. Bush on Friday promised to mobilise international efforts to create an independent, democratic and viable Palestinian state at peace with Israel in the wake of the death of Yasser Arafat.	0 2
1	Kudos and caution voiced at economic summit  A White House-picked parade of specialists lauded President Bush #39;s policies at an economic summit yesterday, but some peppered their praise 	0
0	Kerry in a Struggle for a Democratic Base: Women  Kerry campaign officials have been nervously eyeing polls that show an erosion of the senator's support among women.	1
0	After Arafat, What?  An era is coming to an end in the Middle East. Yasser Arafat has defined the Palestinian movement since the 1960s. Like it or not, he has for many years been an icon for Palestinians.	2
1	Poll: Bush leads by 8 points  Not in a generation has a presidential election been so close for so long. Now, as President Bush is pulling a bit ahead of Sen. John Kerry, every step -nd misstep 	0 1
0	Sharon fights to save government  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon tries to save his government after sacking its junior coalition partner.	4
0	Sharon: Israeli Gaza Raids to Continue  Description: The ongoing Israeli offensive in the Gaza Strip. Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has said the operation will continue until Israeli settlements and nearby towns are no longer threatened by rocket fire from Palestinian militants.	4
0	Sharon Opens Stormy Parliament Debate on Gaza Plan   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  Monday submitted his Gaza withdrawal plan for a crucial  parliamentary vote, while tanks and troops killed 16  Palestinians in a raid against militants in the coastal strip.	4
1	Sharon Invites Labor to Talks on Unity Coalition  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon Friday invited the opposition Labor Party to begin talks to form a unity government, a move that would avoid early elections and pave the way for a withdrawal from Gaza.	4
0	Plea By Hostage Aid Worker  (CBS/AP) The kidnapped director of CARE International in Iraq appeared on a videotape broadcast Friday, weeping and pleading with British Prime Minister Tony Blair to withdraw troops from Iraq  quot;and not bring them to Baghdad quot; because  quot;this might be my last 	3
0	Olson Predicts Firestorm for Next Justice (AP)  AP - Despite Republican gains, President Bush's picks for potential vacancies on the Supreme Court will face "political firestorm" in the Senate, the Bush administration's former chief lawyer at the high court said Thursday.	0
0	U.S. Military Deaths in Iraq Pass 1,000  BAGHDAD, Iraq - A spate of attacks, including a suicide car bombing, pushed the number of U.S. military deaths in the Iraq campaign past 1,000, with the majority inflicted by an insurgency that grew after President Bush declared major combat over...	0
3	Oil Rises as Bush Victory Signals More Oil Will Go to Reserve  Crude oil climbed more than  $1 in New York on the re-election of President George W. Bush, who has been filling the US Strategic Petroleum Reserve.	0
1	US Secretary of State Colin Powell resigns  WASHINGTON: US Secretary of State Colin Powell has resigned, this was announced by the US state department in a statement. After the re-election of President Bush in the November elections it was presumed 	0
1	UN, Blair Issue Warnings Over Violence in Sudan  British Prime Minister Tony Blair warned Sudan on Wednesday violence must end in Darfur and the United Nations said it might not be able to cope if conditions there fail to improve.	3
2	Blair Joins Outrage over Racist Football Chanting  The Prime Minster Tony Blair today added his voice to the growing outrage over the racist chants hurled at Englands black football players during last nights game against Spain.	3
0	Shrinking Battlefield Changes Strategies  WASHINGTON - An electoral battlefield map half its original size is prompting President Bush and challenger John Kerry to alter their campaign strategies and reallocate resources in the home stretch to the Nov. 2 election...	0 1
1	Bush Heads to W.Va., Ohio With Good News  WASHINGTON Sept. 10, 2004 - Sensing some momentum turning his way in Ohio and West Virginia, President Bush returns to two economically struggling states that are must-wins for him as he seeks re-election.	0
3	They #39;re mum on the issues that matter most  President George W. Bush indicates that democracy is just around the corner in Iraq yet daily reports say the more likely event there is a spiral downward toward civil war.	0
1	Kerry slams bush over missing Iraq explosives  ALAMOGORDO, NM -- President Bush, presenting himself as the best candidate to keep America safe, was accused by John Kerry today of  quot;unbelievable incompetence quot; in the disappearance of hundreds of tons of powerful explosives in Iraq.	0 1
0	Putin  #39;Endorses #39; Bush, Says Re-Election Would Deal Blow to <b>...</b>  Terrorist attacks in Iraq are aimed at preventing President Bush #39;s re-election next month, Russian President Vladimir Putin said Monday.	0
0	US Says Israel Still Following Peace  #39;Road Map #39;  The White House insisted on Wednesday that Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is committed to the US-backed road map Middle East peace plan, despite his comments in a newspaper interview that suggested otherwise.	4
0	Democrats Question Kerry's Campaign Funds  Democratic Party leaders said Wednesday they want to know why Sen. John Kerry ended his presidential campaign with more than  $15 million in the bank, money that could have helped Democratic candidates across the country.	1
0	Yasser Arafat #39;s unrelenting journey  The world watches the unfolding drama as the man who has become the symbol for Palestinian nationalism seems to hover between life and death.	2
0	Powell: N. Korea Blast Not Nuclear Event  The United States does not believe that a large explosion in North Korea was related to the communist country #39;s suspected nuclear weapons program, President Bush #39;s foreign policy advisers said Sunday.	0
0	U.S. Seeks to Throw Out Terror Convictions  WASHINGTON - The Justice Department is asking a judge to throw out the convictions of a suspected terror cell in Detroit because of prosecutorial misconduct, a dramatic setback for the administration's war on terror on the eve of President Bush's re-election pitch at the GOP convention.    In a late Tuesday night court filing, the department told U.S...	0
0	Bush, Kerry Resume Post-Debate Campaigns  ST. LOUIS - President Bush and Sen...	0
1	Thousands March Against Bush in NY on Convention Eve (Update2)  Thousands of protesters marched past New York #39;s Madison Square Garden where the Republican National Convention starts tomorrow to show their opposition to the Iraq war and President George W. Bush.	0
0	Putin: Recent Attacks Designed to Hurt Bush  Russian President Vladimir Putin predicted that the aim of the latest attacks in Iraq is to prevent US President George W. Bush from being re-elected.	0
1	Weak US jobs data delivers blow for Bush  President Bush #39;s re-election hopes suffered a blow yesterday with news that the economy created just 96,000 new jobs in September, considerably fewer than expected.	0
0	Blair is  #39;absolutely fine #39; after medical procedure  LONDON Prime Minister Tony Blair underwent a successful medical procedure on his heart Friday, correcting an irregular beat that was diagnosed and first treated in October 2003.	3
0	Spanish PM Having Trouble Congratulating Bush   WASHINGTON (Reuters) - World leaders have been flooding  President Bush with congratulatory calls since his reelection  victory, but at least one -- Spain's Jose Luis Rodriguez  Zapatero -- appears to be having trouble getting through.	0
1	Of Bush, Arafat and coinciding transitions  Bernard Sabella. Transitions are part of our lives: President George W. Bush #39;s re-election and President Yasser Arafat #39;s illness are but two examples.	0 2
0	Blair Flies to Stand by Bush in Post-Arafat Plans   LONDON (Reuters) - As George W. Bush formulates his plans  for a Middle East without Yasser Arafat, British Prime Minister  Tony Blair will be standing where he says he belongs: right by  the U.S. president's side.	0 2 3
0	UK ; Can Arafat #39;s death lead to peace?  UK News, LONDON, Is there hope in the Middle East in the aftermath of Yasser Arafat #39;s death, or will the optimistic noises now being made fizzle out into the usual confrontation?	2
0	CBS Says It Can't Vouch for Bush Documents  CBS admitted today that it cannot vouch for the authenticity of documents used to support a "60 Minutes" story that questioned President Bush's National Guard service.	0
0	Inmate abandons leadership bid  IMPRISONED uprising leader Marwan Barghouthi was dropping out the January 9 election to replace Yasser Arafat as head of the Palestinian Authority, associates said today.	2
1	Bush, Kerry locked in Electoral College tie in anything-can-happen <b>...</b>  President Bush and Sen. John Kerry are virtually tied in the Electoral College count, fighting over eight to 10 states so close and unpredictable that anything is possible Tuesday night.	0 1
0	Intel Officials Have Bleak View for Iraq  WASHINGTON - The National Intelligence Council presented President Bush this summer with several pessimistic scenarios regarding the security situation in Iraq, including the possibility of a civil war there before the end of 2005.    In a highly classified National Intelligence Estimate, the council looked at the political, economic and security situation in the war-torn country and determined that - at best - stability in Iraq would be tenuous, a U.S...	0
0	Kerry and Bush trade barbs over Iraq as president addresses UN (AFP)  AFP - Democratic White House hopeful John Kerry renewed his pointed attacks on President George W. Bush's handling of Iraq, accusing him of failing to  quot;level with the world's leaders quot; about the war during his speech at the United Nations.	0 1
0	Suicide bomber kills 3 in Tel Aviv  A Palestinian suicide bomber has hit a bustling open-air market in Tel Aviv, killing three people in a show of force by militants three days after Yasser Arafat was airlifted to France for urgent medical treatment.	2
0	Kerry Sharply Criticizes Bush's Record on the Economy  Senator John Kerry lashed out at the Bush administration today over tax policy, jobs, the economy and health care.	1
1	President Bush Showing Stronger Lead in Polls  WASHINGTON - President Bush appears to be opening a lead over Sen. John Kerry with just over two weeks left before Election Day. The liberal label seems to be hurting Kerry.	0 1
0	Mideast upheaval may be welcome  Ariel Sharon #39;s right-wing nationalist coalition in Israel is imploding and Fatah, the core Palestinian nationalist group, is in turmoil now that Marwan Barghouti, the young West Bank leader, is to campaign to succeed the late Yassir Arafat from an Israeli 	4
0	Kerry Chides Bush on Assault Weapons Ban  WASHINGTON - Sen. John Kerry sought to make President Bush pay a political price Monday for the expiration of a partial assault weapons ban, but other Democrats reacted warily on an issue that has hurt the party in recent elections...	0 1
0	Blair sets asylum removal target  Tony Blair says the government must do more to ensure failed asylum seekers are deported from the UK.	3
0	Kerry Mocks Bush's 'Scowling Faces,' Leadership (Reuters)  Reuters - Democratic challenger John Kerry on Saturday claimed victory over President Bush in their second debate, mocked his rival's "scowling faces" and scoffed at the Republican incumbent's leadership skills.	0 1
0	Britain planned for Iraqi war  London - Britain started to plan the invasion of Iraq months before the conflict, even as Prime Minister Tony Blair was denying he was on a course for war, according to a report on Wednesday quoting a leaked Pentagon document.	3
3	Oil: Price below US $50 as downturn resumes  NEW YORK - Oil fell back below US $50 on Thursday, resuming a downturn that has cut prices 11 per cent from record highs and ending a brief rally following President George W. Bush #39;s US election victory.	0
1	In lead-up to debate, candidates hone messages  As the first debate on Thursday nears, Bush and Kerry seek to knock each other off kilter. By Linda Feldmann  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.	0 1
1	Bush Defends Iraq Invasion, US Action on Threats (Update1)  President George W. Bush, confronted by antiwar protesters in Canada, defended his decision to invade Iraq and said the US would always act against threats even if opposed by other nations.	0
0	Analysis: Iraq Dominates Policy Debate (AP)  AP - President Bush and Democrat John Kerry are concentrating on Iraq and relegating other international issues to the sidelines. Their preoccupation is not lost on other world leaders.	0 1
1	Bush praises Clinton  US President George Bush praised former President Bill Clinton Thursday as an able and talented American who led the nation with optimism.	0
0	Sharon allows Arafat to be flown abroad for treatment  JERUSALEM -- Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon spoke with his Palestinian counterpart today and agreed in principle to permit the ailing Yasser Arafat to be flown abroad for medical treatment, an Israeli official said.	2 4
1	Bush: Kerry Truthful On War Record  By Bob Schieffer. By Mark Knoller. By Dotty Lynch. (CBS/AP) President Bush said he did not believe John Kerry was lying about his Vietnam war record but he declined to criticize the Swift Boat group that claims Kerry is lying.	0 1
0	PM misled public on Iraq - Tories  Prime Minister Tony Blair and Foreign Secretary Jack Straw have been accused of  quot;clearly misleading quot; the public over plans for post-war Iraq.	3
0	Blair admits he erred in days before Iraq war  Brighton, England -- Prime Minister Tony Blair faced his critics at his Labor Party #39;s annual conference Tuesday and said he had erred in accepting faulty intelligence that Saddam Hussein #39;s regime possessed chemical and biological weapons.	3
1	Ashcroft, Evans to leave Bush #39;s Cabinet  Attorney General John Ashcroft, one of President Bush #39;s most controversial Cabinet members, and Commerce Secretary Don Evans, one of the quietest 	0
1	Blair undergoing heart treatment  Prime Minister Tony Blair is in hospital being treated for recurrent heart palpitations after a surprise pledge to serve a full third term if he wins an election expected next year.	3
0	Kerry Lesbian Remark Angers Cheneys (AP)  AP - Dick Cheney and his wife say they are angry at John Kerry for invoking their lesbian daughter during the final presidential debate. Kerry says he was just trying to say something nice about how the Cheneys have dealt with the issue and meant no offense.	1
3	Oil weathers Arafat fears  WARMER than expected weather in the northern US is acting as a counter-balance in the oil market against fears of Middle East disruption if Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat dies.	2
0	Bush Defends Iraq Decisions in Canada (AP)  AP - President Bush tried on Tuesday to repair U.S.-Canada relations strained by years of bickering over trade and Iraq, although he stood by policies that have irritated Canadians.	0
1	Back to future, Israel builds bridges with moderates  WASHINGTON, NOVEMBER 14: Under American encouragement and, in some cases, pressure, Israel has quietly taken steps aimed at strengthening the standing of Palestinian moderates and has agreed to consider others now that Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat has 	2
0	Washington Urges Israel To Cultivate Post-Arafat Ties  With Yasser Arafat plagued by a mysterious medical condition, the Bush administration is pressing the Israeli government to begin cultivating a new Palestinian leadership and to launch talks regarding the territories.	2
1	Kerik Withdraws His Name for DHS Chief  Former New York City Police Commissioner Bernard Kerik, left, speaks in the Roosevelt Room at the White House, Friday, Dec. 3, 2004 after President Bush announced Kerik as his choice to replace Secretary of Homeland Security Tom Ridge.	0
3	Former Cuban refugee nominated for commerce secretary  President Bush on Monday nominated as his new commerce secretary a onetime Cuban refugee who now runs a business empire that includes American kitchen cabinet staples Pop Tarts, Frosted Flakes and Cheez-Its.	0
0	Blair's Exit Strategy Sparks Succession Fever (Reuters)  Reuters - British Prime Minister Tony Blair was back at work Saturday after successful heart surgery but his vow to hold on to power for five more years has sparked fevered speculation about who might succeed him and when.	3
0	Bush, Kerry to Meet in Key Debate Tonight  CORAL GABLES, Fla. - After a deluge of campaign speeches and hostile television ads, President Bush and challenger John Kerry will get their chance to face each other directly Thursday night before an audience of tens of millions of voters in a high-stakes debate about terrorism, the Iraq war and the bloody aftermath...	0 1
0	Abbas Fails to Win Palestinian Militant Truce Pledge  Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas failed at talks with militants on Wednesday to win a commitment to end attacks on Israelis in the run-up to Jan. 9 elections for a replacement to Yasser Arafat, political sources said.	2
3	The Successor to Greenspan Has a Very Tough Act to Follow  Nominating a successor to Fed chairman Alan Greenspan could be President Bush's biggest economic decision next year.	0
1	Bush, Kerry Offer Different Approaches to Foreign Policy  This year #39;s US presidential campaign has revealed some sharp foreign policy differences between President George Bush and Democratic Party challenger Senator John Kerry.	1
1	Kerry and the Mideast  2: Anything but a Stealth Peace <b>...</b>  After becoming the presumptive Democratic nominee, Kerrys statements grew even more pro-war. In early August, after his nomination, Kerry explicitly stated that even had he known about the non-existence 	1
0	Ten Candidates to Run in Palestinian Election  Ten candidates will run in the Palestinian Authority #39;s presidential election to replace Yasser Arafat, officials said on Thursday after finalizing the list of contenders for the Jan. 9 race.	2
0	EU Recommits Itself to U.S. Relationship (AP)  AP - The European Union and the United States recommitted themselves to a smooth trans-Atlantic relationship Friday and hoped the second term of President Bush would no longer be marred by nasty political and trade disputes.	0
0	Palestinian militants #39; revenge bombing for Arafat  TONY EASTLEY: Since the death last month of Palestinian leader, Yasser Arafat there #39;s been a relative lull in violence against Israeli forces in the occupied territories.	2
0	Rebuffed by Party, Sharon Presses on with Gaza Plan  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon vowed on Thursday to press ahead with his Gaza pullout plan despite his own party #39;s humiliating rebuff of his bid to forge a coalition with the pro-withdrawal Labour Party. 	4
1	America deserves a better course  President George Bush will have to stumble badly tonight to  quot;lose quot; the first campaign debate with John Kerry, on foreign policy.	1
0	Sharon Tells Party Rebels He #39;s Not Afraid of Early Elections  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon sent a stern warning to rebels in his Likud Party today, saying he would not hesitate to call early elections if they prevented him from bringing the moderate Labour Party into the government.	4
1	Bush names Leavitt for cabinet health post  WASHINGTON President George W. Bush chose the chief of the Environmental Protection Agency, Michael Leavitt, on Monday to be secretary of health and human services, filling one of the last two openings in his second-term cabinet.	0
0	Bush sharpens jabs against Kerry ahead of debates (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush sharpened his jabs against Democratic challenger John Kerry, who has called for an end to the nasty advertising war that he said was scaring off voters only days before the rivals' first televised debate.	0 1
0	Kerry, in N.Y., Accuses G.O.P. of Using Negative Tactics  Senator John Kerry accused President Bush and "his allies" today of "using the tactics of fear and smear" to keep from talking about "the issues that matter" in the presidential election.	0 1
0	N.C. May Be Presidential Battleground (AP)  AP - A billboard looms over Interstate 40/85 in Alamance County, where George W. Bush carried more than 62 percent of the vote in the 2000 presidential election.	0
1	Bush to move quickly on Kerik replacement  President Bush is expected to move swiftly to select a new secretary of Homeland Security after his first choice, former New York Police Commissioner Bernard Kerik, suddenly 	0
0	Israel to expand deadly offensive  PRIME Minister Ariel Sharon said yesterday Israel would expand its deadliest Gaza offensive in four years, keeping troops in the area indefinitely.	4
0	Sharon Loses Likud Vote on Coalition Talks With Labor (Update1)  Aug. 19 (Bloomberg) -- Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon lost a Likud Party vote to continue talks aimed at bringing the Labor Party into the government and helping him move forward with plans to evacuate the Gaza Strip. 	4
0	Blair back home early after heart procedure  Tony Blair was yesterday recovering from a relatively minor procedure to correct his recurring abnormal heart beat. He was back at home in Downing Street hours after undergoing the treatment having been expected 	3
0	CBS News Apologizes Over Bush Guard Story  NEW YORK - CBS News apologized Monday for a "mistake in judgment" in its story questioning President Bush's National Guard service, claiming it was misled by the source of documents that several experts have dismissed as fakes.    The network said it would appoint an independent panel to look at its reporting about the memos...	0
0	Palestinian leaders visit dying Arafat  TOP Palestinian politicians are to visit Yasser Arafat in hospital and consult doctors about his condition amid claims that the veteran leader has suffered liver failure.	2
0	Bush pledges to carry on fight against terrorism  US President George W Bush today sketched out the agenda for his second term in office vowing to carry on the fight against terrorim and reach out to allies divided by the war in Iraq.	0
1	In Guard Speech, Bush Says He Is Proud of His Service  Speaking to National Guard members and veterans at a politically charged moment, President Bush acknowledged on Tuesday the hardships that the war in Iraq had caused 	0
0	Israel to Allow Arafat Out of Compound for Treatment   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Palestinian President Yasser Arafat  received Israeli permission Monday to leave his Ramallah  headquarters and receive medical treatment in a hospital in the  West Bank city, an Israeli security source said.	2
1	British, Irish Leaders Unveil Peace Plan  The British and Irish prime ministers, Tony Blair and Bertie Ahern, published a detailed plan Wednesday for reviving a Catholic-Protestant administration in Northern Ireland - a peace-building project still on hold because of unsolved arguments about IRA 	3
0	Skeptical reaction meets Bush at UN  UNITED NATIONS, New York Despite an appearance before the General Assembly that was friendlier and more optimistic than any of his previous speeches to it, President George W. Bush still faces a skeptical crowd at the United Nations.	0
0	Kerry: Americans' Safety at Stake in Election (Reuters)  Reuters - Democratic challenger John Kerry said on Friday the safety of Americans was at stake in next week's election and refused to let a new Osama bin Laden videotape overshadow his race with President Bush.	0 1
1	Bush campaign ad gets tacky  GEORGE W. Bush stepped up the counterattack on John Kerry over Iraq yesterday, accusing the Democratic challenger of undermining US troops and effectively aiding insurgents and terrorists.	0 1
0	Bush Shrugs Off Bad Polls on Iraq Outlook (AP)  AP - President Bush on Thursday shrugged off polls that suggest most Iraqis see Americans as occupiers not liberators. "I saw a poll that said the 'right track-wrong track' in Iraq was better than here in America," he told reporters.	0
0	Iran Rejects Kerry #39;s Nuclear Proposal  Iran has dismissed a proposal by US presidential candidate John Kerry, that Tehran be provided nuclear fuel if it agrees to give up its fuel-making capabilities.	1
1	Intel Panel Democrats Not Yet Sold on Goss  Democrats on the Senate Intelligence Committee are mum or undecided about whether they will support President Bush #39;s nominee to head the CIA, saying they #39;re still 	0
1	Bush Order Extends CIA Director #39;s Reach  President Bush issued a new order on Friday enhancing the powers of the director of central intelligence, but the White House said that new legislation was still needed 	0
3	Dow winds blow in favour of Kerry  INVESTORS and traders lean to the Republicans, but the Dow is sending a signal that George W. Bush is going to lose office. Since 1904, the incumbent has failed to win re-election if the Dow falls by 0.5 per cent or more in October.	0
0	Hated, feared or loved, Arafat was both terrorist and hero  I remember vividly the bearded man with dark glasses and his Arab headdress haranguing the masses on a West Beirut campus in the early 1970s.	2
0	Cheney blasts Kerry terror record  US Vice-President Dick Cheney says a vote for John Kerry would make a terror attack more likely.	1
3	A win for business  Business leaders cheered President Bush #39;s re-election Wednesday and said that with an even more Republican-dominated Congress, they will be better able to promote a pro-business agenda next year.	0
1	Bush thanks scandal-plagued Italy PM for war cooperation  Days after he was acquitted in a corruption trial, Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi got a warm welcome Wednesday from President Bush, who is grateful to Italy as a rare European ally willing to send troops to Iraq.	0
1	Who Gets to Talk About Mary Cheney?  As John Kerry paused and uttered the word lesbian in last week #39;s presidential debate, the dials started to turn. Frank Luntz, a former Republican pollster who now has corporate clients, was 	1
1	Bush Lauds Strength of Economy  POPLAR BLUFF, MO. Sept. 6, 2004 - President Bush told Missouri voters Monday that new unemployment figures suggest  quot;the economy is strong and getting stronger quot; and sharply criticized Democratic rival John 	0
0	Kerry Pulls Ad of McCain Smear Complaint  NEW YORK - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry bowed to the wishes of popular maverick John McCain on Thursday, as the president embraced the Republican senator's legal fight against big-money special interest groups airing negative ads and the Democratic nominee scrapped a commercial that featured McCain...	0 1
0	Bush to Host Iraqi Leader at White House (AP)  AP - President Bush will host Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi at the White House next week after two days of heavy diplomacy at the United Nations.	0
0	Angry Gaza settlers condemn talks with Sharon as  #39;disgrace #39;  Jewish settler leaders emerged seething yesterday from a meeting with Ariel Sharon, who rejected their demand for a referendum on the Prime Minister #39;s plan to evacuate 21 settlements from the Gaza Strip by the end of next year.	4
0	Hamas wishes Arafat speedy recovery  GAZA CITY (AFP) - The political chief of the radical Hamas movement, Khaled Meshaal, called ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat at his sick bed in Paris to inquire after his health, a Hamas spokesman told AFP yesterday.	2
0	World Wants Bush Out of the White House: Poll   WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The world wants President Bush out  of the White House, according to a poll released on Wednesday  that shows in 30 of 35 countries people preferred Democrat  candidate John Kerry.	0 1
0	Knesset heads towards Gaza vote  The Israeli parliament is set for a second tempestuous day of debate ahead of a vote on whether to withdraw from the Gaza Strip. Monday saw Prime Minister Ariel Sharon urge the Knesset to back the planned 	4
0	Bush Attacks Kerry in Fund-Raising Letter (AP)  AP - President Bush is extending his criticism of Sen. John Kerry on national security to the fund-raising front, telling prospective GOP donors in an e-mail pitch that a Kerry presidency "would make for a more dangerous world."	0 1
1	State breakdown suggests Bush  Today is the big day! I #39;m giddy with anticipation, and am doing all I can to control my bowels from leaking their repulsive contents.	0
1	Bush Warns that World is Watching Ukraine  CRAWFORD, TEXAS - President Bush warned Friday that the world  quot;is watching very closely quot; as Ukraine tries to sort through charges of vote fraud following a disputed presidential election in the former Soviet republic.	0
1	Kerry hits president #39;s leadership  Democratic presidential nominee Sen. John Kerry accused President Bush of not being the leader he says he is and blamed his lack of leadership for the  quot;two wars quot; the senator says America is embroiled in.	0 1
0	Palestinians denounce, open fire near PLO chief  A group of Palestinians unleashed bursts of gunfire yesterday as Mahmoud Abbas, a possible successor to Yasser Arafat as president, arrived at a mourning service for Arafat in Gaza City.	2
1	Massive demo against Bush begins in New York  Thousands of protesters have started gathering in New York City, on the eve of the Republican National convention. Huge crowds were seen amassing in Manhattan -- but nowhere near the actual convention site at Madison Square Garden.	0
1	Bush taps  quot;energetic reformer quot; Spellings for education post  (WHITE HOUSE) - President Bush is tapping a woman he calls an  quot;energetic reformer quot; to be his second-term education secretary.	0
0	APEC leaders to don chamantos  CHILE said it will make US President George W. Bush and fellow leaders wear poncho-like  quot;chamantos quot; at this weekend #39;s Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit, answering what is always a burning question.	0
0	Bush to Visit NATO, EU on Feb. 22 (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush will visit NATO and the European Union on Feb. 22 in a move to rebuild transatlantic relations at the start of his second term, Secretary of State Colin Powell said on Thursday.	0
0	World governments hope for policy changes from 2nd Bush <b>...</b>  US allies alienated by President George W. Bush #39;s first four years in power indicated Wednesday they would seek from Day 1 to get the new White House to listen more to outside opinion.	0
3	Edwards Hits Bush on Overtime Pay Rules  RACINE, Wis. Aug. 23, 2004 - John Edwards chose the almost evenly divided state of Wisconsin to tout the Democratic presidential ticket #39;s economic plans and criticize the Bush administration #39;s new rules for overtime pay.	0
1	Arafat flying to Paris for treatment  A medical team was flying Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat to France early today for emergency treatment in the 	2
0	Government Will Do  #39;All It Can #39; to Free Aid Chief  Prime Minister Tony Blair tonight vowed the Government would do all it could to help free an aid chief kidnapped in Baghdad. Margaret Hassan, who heads Care Internationals operation 	3
1	Kerry Blasts Bush Over Explosives  By David Paul Kuhn. By Dick Meyer. By Dotty Lynch. By Bob Schieffer. (CBS/AP) It was not the way President Bush wanted to start the final week of his campaign -- with more bad news from Iraq 	0 1
1	Debates shatter the myths behind a war  AMERICANS WHO watched all three debates probably could have finished some of the lines of President Bush and Sen. John Kerry in St.	0 1
0	Surveying the Middle East Peace Process  Description: Despite recent violence, there have been increasingly positive signs in the Middle East over the last few weeks. The death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat and the withdrawal of Israeli settlers may be thawing the hardened conflict.	2
0	AP: Bush Faults Kerry for Scare Tactics  ABOARD AIR FORCE ONE - President Bush on Monday accused Democratic rival Sen. John Kerry of "shameless scare tactics" by suggesting that the president would jeopardize Social Security for older Americans and bring back the military draft for young people...	0 1
1	Bush set to order intelligence reforms, including CIA boost  Amid a heated election-year debate on intelligence reform, President Bush prepared to sign executive orders Friday strengthening the powers of the CIA director and establishing a new national counterterrorism center.	0
0	Evolution of Bush's Standing on Iraq (AP)  AP - The war in Iraq, in President Bush's words:	0
0	Bush hails Blair as  #39;visionary leader #39;  The alliance between Britain and America is stronger than ever, President George W Bush has said following two days of talks with Tony Blair.	0 3
1	Bush #39;s past is catching up  It #39;s not entirely fresh information that President Bush skipped a 1972 medical exam needed if he was to keep flying fighter jets for the Texas Air National Guard, but CBS #39;  quot;60 Minutes quot; has turned the heat up on this skillet.	0
0	September 11 families divided over Republican Convention (AFP)  AFP - Some welcome it, some wish it would go away. Either way, relatives of victims of the September 11 attacks are closely following the Republican National Convention that opens here to formally nominate George W. Bush for president.	0
0	Kerry Courts Black Voters at Church Stops  MIAMI - With just three Sundays left before Election Day, Sen. John Kerry is asking for all the help he can get from black voters and the Almighty...	1
1	Britain denies political #39; deployment in Iraq  British Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s government yesterday rejected claims from opposition lawmakers that a redeployment of British troops in Iraq would be a political show of support for the administration of US President George W. Bush before presidential 	0 3
0	Abducted CNN Producer Released in Gaza  Palestinians marked the fourth anniversary of their uprising Tuesday amid signs that the extremist Hamas group is preparing a political challenge to Yasser Arafat despite a series of Israeli military blows at the movement #39;s leadership.	2
1	Size of Battleground May Be Smaller Than Expected  President Bush #39;s post-convention bounce in state and national polls has left Democratic challenger John F. Kerry with a smaller battlefield upon which to contest the presidential election and a 	0
0	Kerry presses election attack on Iraq war (AFP)  AFP - Democratic presidential contender John Kerry renewed hostilities with George W. Bush over Iraq as Florida and other key states started early voting for the November 2 election.	0 1
1	Bush Throws Down The Gauntlet  Mr. Bush #39;s hard-hitting speech in Wilkes-Barre, Pa. on Wednesday made his strategy for the remainder of the campaign crystal clear: a rousing, no-retreat defense of the Iraq war and a harsh critique of John 	0
1	Iraq WMD report proves Bush, Democrats lied to justify Iraq war  By the Editorial Board. The report released October 6 by Charles Duelfer, head of the Iraq Survey Group (ISG), is an indictment not merely of a president or an administration, but of an entire ruling elite.	0
1	Middle East ; Abbas calls on Palestinians to end armed struggle  Middle East News, GAZA, Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas has called for his people to pursue negotiations instead of violence in the struggle for a state, marking out a change of strategy for peace with Israel after Yasser Arafat #39;s death.	2
0	Kerry Urges Voters to Look Past Bush's 'Last-Minute Promises'  John Kerry opened the final 60 days of the campaign with an indictment of President Bush's record on jobs and health care.	0 1
1	How Blair #39;s exit strategy was born after three months of agonising  At first glance, it appeared that Tony Blair deliberately timed his announcement that he intended to serve another four or five years to limit the damage that would be caused 	3
1	Republican convention largely about giving Bush heroic image  He #39;s already been credited with the remarkable insight of Winston Churchill and the steadfast resolve of Ronald Reagan. Oh, and the hopeful vision of Abraham Lincoln, America #39;s first Republican president.	0
1	Professor says Bush revealed National Guard favoritism  A business school professor who taught George W. Bush at Harvard University in the early 1970s says the future president told him that family friends had pulled strings to get him into the Texas Air National Guard.	0
1	Cutting US budget deficit a top priority, says Snow  US Treasury Secretary John Snow said on Wednesday that cutting a record budget deficit was a top priority for the second-term Bush administration and challenged Europe to play its part in helping trim the US trade gap by boosting their own economic growth 	0
1	Bush to use Kerry in new ad campaign  WASHINGTON: US President George W Bush #39;s campaign managers have planned to use a quote from an article in New York Times Magazine in which his Democratic rival John Kerry describes terrorists as a  quot;nuisance quot;, as the basis of a new commercial.	1
0	Sharon promises to help Palestinians with their election  Israeli and Palestinian officials are expected to hold low-key but direct talks on the mechanics of the January election to succeed Yasser Arafat after a promise to Washington 	2
0	Sharon defies Likud chiefs on Gaza plan  Ariel Sharon, the Israeli prime minister, yesterday vowed to press ahead with his plan to withdraw Gaza #39;s Jewish settlements, despite his defeat at the hands of his own party on Wednesday. 	4
1	Democrats Claim Bush #39;s Bounce Will Fade  WASHINGTON Sept. 5, 2004 - Democrats on Sunday said President Bush #39;s post-convention bounce was triggered by  quot;four days of mean, vicious attacks quot; on John Kerry, and would be short-lived.	0 1
1	Bush, Kerry swing through Florida, Ohio  MIAMI - In the closing hours of their bitter campaign, President George Bush and challenger Sen John Kerry charged through the critical battlegrounds of Florida and Ohio on Sunday, going from hushed church services to raucous campaign rallies with 	1
1	Bush says he will work with allies  President Bush told a Thursday news conference he would continue to lead the United States in promoting freedom and democracy in the Middle East.	0
1	Kerry says Iraq not better  Sen. John Kerry said Thursday that Iraq #39;s interim prime minister, Ayad Allawi, put the  quot;best face quot; on a failed policy when the foreign leader addressed Congress earlier in the morning.	1
1	Bush, Kerry trade accusations over missing explosives in Iraq  US President George W. Bush and his Democratic rival John Kerry traded accusations Wednesday over the missing of nearly 380 tons of explosives in Iraq as the two candidates 	0 1
0	Exit stage left  It was a move out of the blue - Tony Blair will quit in five years to allow for an  #39;orderly succession #39;. Gaby Hinsliff reveals how the PM shocked the political establishment.	3
0	Candidates Spar After Contentious Debate  ELYRIA, Ohio - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry, their animosity stirred by a contentious second debate, lit into each other over Iraq, jobs and debate performance on Saturday in critical battleground states...	0 1
1	Under Fire, CBS Defends Memos  NEW YORK (CBS) CBS News is mounting a steadfast defense of the authenticity of documents that questioned President Bush #39;s service in the Air National Guard, as newspapers and the White House continued to raise doubts.	0
0	US election splits military in Iraq (AFP)  AFP - The soldier is willing to fight to the death in Baghdad's mean streets, but when he hears two words -- John Kerry -- he cringes.	1
0	Status of migrants a priority, says Powell  Secretary of State Colin L. Powell said yesterday that President Bush will place a high priority in his second term on granting legal status 	0
0	U.S. Military Deaths in Iraq Pass 1,000  BAGHDAD, Iraq - U.S. military deaths in the Iraq campaign passed the 1,000 milestone Tuesday, with more than 800 of them during the stubborn insurgency that flared after the Americans brought down Saddam Hussein and President Bush declared major combat over...	0
0	More Than 100,000 Protest Bush in NYC (AP)  AP - More than 100,000 demonstrators marched past a heavily fortified Republican convention hall on Sunday, chanting denunciations of the administration and the war in Iraq as delegates flocked to the city to nominate President Bush for four more years in the White House.	0
0	FRIDAY #39;S EDITORIAL  Yasser Arafat was as unpredictable in death as he was in life. The longtime leader of the Palestinians lingered for days, with the world unsure of the severity of his medical condition.	2
0	Bush asks Pentagon to make 2 military cargo planes available for Sudan duty (Canadian Press)  Canadian Press - BOCA RATON, Fla. (AP) - President George W. Bush on Monday told the Pentagon to make two U.S. transport planes available to aid African peacekeeping forces seeking to end a humanitarian crisis in the Darfur region of western Sudan.	0
1	Campaign 2004: The Bush-Kerry battle of rhetoric heats up  BATTLE CREEK, Mich. -- President Bush sped across southwest Michigan yesterday, assailing Sen. John Kerry for plans that he said would result in nationalized health care.	0 1
1	Health ; Arafat #39;s condition described  #39;very serious #39; (LEAD <b>...</b>  Health News, Clamart (France),Amid wildly contradicting rumours Tuesday about the condition of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, a French official said Arafat was not dead as of 3:30 pm (14:30 GMT).	2
1	Israel Sets Plans for Arafat Burial  (New York -WABC, November 7, 2004) - Israel has made plans to bury Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat in the Gaza Strip. Arafat wanted to be buried in the Arab section of Jerusalem, but Israel firmly denied his request.	2
1	Bush Defends Iraqi Policy Against Kerry Attack in First Debate  President George W. Bush defended his policies in Iraq and in the war on terrorism against challenges by Democrat John Kerry early in the first presidential debate in Florida.	0 1
1	As First Debate Nears, Rivals Seek to Bring Iraq Into Focus  Three days before their televised debate on foreign policy, President Bush ridiculed Senator John Kerry today, asserting that the Democratic challenger #39;s shifting positions 	0 1
1	Bush, Kerry Duel Over Domestic Policy  President Bush, Sen. Kerry Duel Over Jobs, Health Care and Taxes in Final Debate in Arizona. Democratic presidential candidate Sen. John Kerry, D-Mass.	0 1
1	A high-ranking casualty  President Bush is a casualty of his own war. The only question now is, will he survive his wounds. Sen. John Kerry is a pro-choice Massachusetts millionaire with an  quot;F quot; rating from the National Rifle Association.	0 1
2	Due to bad ankle, Schilling won #39;t pitch for Bush  MANCHESTER - There will be some disappointed Red Sox fans at President Bushs rallies in New Hampshire. Sox pitcher Curt Schilling was to have appeared with Bush on Friday at two events, but canceled.	0
0	Prodi Congratulates Bush, Urges Steps to Collective Security #39;  European Commission President Romano Prodi urged US President George W. Bush to use his second term to promote collective security #39; #39; after the transatlantic clashes over the Iraq war.	0
1	Bush, Kerry debate after week of long-distance attacks  In a debate rematch, President Bush defended his invasion of Iraq and said  quot;I wasn #39;t happy when we found there weren #39;t weapons quot; that prompted his administration to go to war against Saddam Hussein.	0 1
0	Sharon moves to form new coalition after crushing opponents of <b>...</b>  JERUSALEM (AFP) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon moved swiftly to forge a national unity government after winning approval to reshape his coalition and crushing internal opposition to his Gaza pullout plan.	4
3	Bush #39;s campaign of distortion  IN THE FIRST presidential debate, George W. Bush asserted that he #39;ll win reelection because he knows how to lead -- and but for an absent prefix, the president might have been revealing his closing-stretch strategy.	0
0	Bush cuts down the middle on broccoli question (AFP)  AFP - Facing a issue that once tripped up his father, US President George W. Bush told adoring supporters that he likes broccoli. Part of it, anyway.	0
0	Tributes for Arafat continue to pour in at UN  NEW YORK: Tributes were continuing to pour in at the United Nations for the late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat. Mr Arafat, who passed away in a Paris hospital 	2
0	Bush Defends Iraq Invasion Despite Report (AP)  AP - Faced with a harshly critical new report, President Bush conceded Thursday that Iraq did not have the stockpiles of banned weapons he had warned of before the invasion last year, but insisted that "we were right to take action" against Saddam Hussein.	0
0	Bush Meets With Canadian Prime Minister in Official Visit  President Bush's trip was aimed at improving cooperation on trade, border security and terrorism.	0
0	Bush Touts U.S.-Backed Anti-Drug Efforts (AP)  AP - President Bush aims to highlight the benefits of American drug-fighting aid in Colombia and boost a conservative Latin American leader with a brief, security-laden stop in the Andean nation.	0
0	Campaigns Focus on Iraq in Ads (AP)  AP - President Bush claims John Kerry "doesn't even know where he stands" on the war, while the Democrat accuses Bush of having "no plan what to do" in Iraq  #151; dueling television ads setting the stage for the candidates' Thursday night debate over foreign policy.	0 1
1	Britain #39;s Blair left with political headache after key minister <b>...</b>  LONDON (AFP) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair was leaving for a key summit after a rapid and deeply unwelcome reorganisation of his government following the resignation of respected interior minister David Blunkett.	3
1	Thompson Said Resigning From Cabinet  Former New York City Police Commissioner Bernard Kerik, left, speaks in the Roosevelt Room at the White House, Friday, Dec. 3, 2004 after President Bush announced Kerik as his choice to replace Secretary of Homeland Security Tom Ridge.	0
1	Bush, Kerry Making Late Campaign Push  President Bush summoned support from Democrats whose  quot;dreams and goals are not found in the far left wing quot; of their own party on Wednesday in a late-campaign appeal for crossover votes.	0
1	9/11 bill put on ice in House by GOP  WASHINGTON - House Republicans on Saturday blocked passage of legislation addressing the Sept. 11 Commissions terror-fighting recommendations to President Bush, but GOP leaders said they would con-tinue to press the effort this year.	0
1	Israel allows Palestinian forces to secure Arafat #39;s burial: paper  Israel will allow Palestiniansecurity forces to take charge of security arrangements duringArafat #39;s burial in Ramallah, local newspaper Ha #39;aretz quotedDefense Minister Shaul Mofaz as saying Thursday.	2
0	Bush hijacks summit with  #39;end nuclear plans #39; call  ON HIS first foreign trip since his re-election, President Bush started to spend what he calls his new capital by demanding that North Korea and Iran halt their nuclear arms programmes.	0
0	Leaders map out concept for peace in N. Ireland  LONDON -- After three months of intense talks aimed at breaking the deadlock in Northern Ireland's peace process, Prime Minister Tony Blair yesterday laid out the framework for an agreement between the two sides that he said was ''remarkable but not yet complete. quot;	3
1	Kerry: Bush Wanted Debate 'Life Lines' (AP)  AP - Why did it take so long for the Bush and Kerry campaigns to agree on a debate schedule? Sen. John Kerry had the answer for television's Regis Philbin, who has hosted the quiz show "Who Wants to be a Millionaire?"	0 1
0	Newsview: Flawed Candidates Neck and Neck (AP)  AP - After two debates, voters have seen President Bush look peevish and heard him pass the buck. They've watched Sen. John Kerry deny he's a flip-flopper and then argue that Saddam Hussein was a threat  #151; and wasn't.	0 1
0	Blair says no decision yet on redeploying troops in Iraq  LONDON - British Prime Minister Tony Blair has come under fire over the way his government is handling a US request to redeploy 650 British troops in Iraq.	3
0	Abbas Escapes Injury in Gaza Gunbattle   GAZA (Reuters) - Palestinian militants burst into a Gaza  City mourning tent set up for Yasser Arafat on Sunday and fired  shots in protest at the presence of his moderate successor  Mahmoud Abbas, but he was unhurt, witnesses said.	2
1	CBS News Names Panel to Review Tainted Bush Report   NEW YORK (Reuters) - CBS News named former U.S. Attorney  General Dick Thornburgh and retired Associated Press chief  Louis Boccardi on Wednesday to review its discredited report on  President Bush's military record.	0
1	Bush, Kerry Trade National Security Barbs  Sen. John Kerry, D-Mass., takes the stage during a campaign stop in Las Vegas, Tuesday, Oct. 26, 2004. (AP Photo/Joe Cavaretta). ONALASKA, Wis.	1
0	Floridians Begin Rebuilding From Frances  FORT PIERCE, Fla. - Thousands of Floridians beginning the process of recovering from the ravages of Hurricane Frances were hampered by long lines for basic necessities, congested highways and sticky heat Wednesday as President Bush signed a major disaster-relief bill...	0
0	Aides cite flu as doctors examine Arafat  RAMALLAH, West Bank -- A Tunisian medical team examined Yasser Arafat in the West Bank yesterday, but aides dismissed Israeli media reports that the Palestinian leader's health had deteriorated and said he had the flu.	2
0	Bush Touts His Education Agenda on Radio  CRAWFORD, Texas - In a back-to-school message, President Bush says that while many public schools aren't making the grade, he should get high marks from voters for the No Child Left Behind Act.   "We are leaving behind the broken system that shuffled children from grade to grade, even when they were not learning the basics," Bush said Saturday in his weekly radio address...	0
1	The Debate Goes On  Judging the debate: Newsweek devotes its cover story to last week #39;s presidential debate. The piece adds little to the conventional wisdom about Kerry #39;s victory in 	1
0	UK's Blair Challenged to Tally Iraq War Dead (Reuters)  Reuters - British diplomats and peers joined scientists and churchmen on Wednesday to urge Prime Minister Tony Blair to publish a death toll in the U.S.-led war in Iraq.	3
0	Israel Pushes Gaza Offensive, Faces Vote on Pullout   GAZA (Reuters) - An explosion killed a Palestinian in Gaza  on Sunday, the 11th day of an Israeli offensive against  militants Prime Minister Ariel Sharon hopes will defuse  internal resistance to his plan for withdrawing from some  occupied land.	4
0	Rebellious Republicans Derail 9/11 Reform (AP)  AP - In a defeat for President Bush, rebellious House Republicans on Saturday derailed legislation to overhaul the nation's intelligence agencies along lines recommended by the Sept. 11 commission.	0
1	Alexandra Pelosi Captures Campaign Process (AP)  AP - From the moment she met John Kerry, filmmaker Alexandra Pelosi knew she wouldn't be making "Journeys with John." "She's going to lampoon all of us. She's going to have us all do stupid things," Kerry said more than a year ago when first approached by the camcorder-toting Pelosi. Teresa Heinz Kerry looked on as if a skunk had waddled across the room.	1
0	Democrats Elect Reid as Senate Minority Leader  Senator Harry Reid of Nevada vowed to strive for good working relationships with President Bush and Republican lawmakers.	0
0	Kerry Steps Up Attack on Bush's Economic Record (Reuters)  Reuters - John Kerry, stepping up his attack on President Bush after bad news about the economy, said Saturday the country cannot afford another four years of lost jobs, slow growth and creeping poverty.	0 1
1	Critical memos on Bush #39;s Guard service faked?  A day after CBS News presented documents questioning President Bush #39;s National Guard service, the veracity of those papers is coming into question.	0
1	Defiant Blair fights for third term  BRIGHTON (England) - Prime Minister Tony Blair on Tuesday defended the war in Iraq, insisting he could not apologise for toppling Saddam Hussein, and urged his party to unite and fight for a historic third term in power.	3
1	Bush lead grows in poll taken during convention  Washington -- President Bush leads Democrat John Kerry, 52 percent to 41 percent, while independent Ralph Nader got 3 percent in a national poll taken during the Republican National Convention, which ended Thursday.	0
0	The two Yasser Arafats  To Palestinians, Yasser Arafat was  quot;Mr Palestine quot;, a historical figure who embodied the Palestinian nationalist movement.	2
1	Blair ally wanted for questioning over coup  LONDON: Police in South Africa want to question Peter Mandelson, the new European Union trade commissioner and one of British Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s closest friends, over any knowledge he may have of a coup attempt in Equatorial Guinea.	3
0	Federal Deficit Surges to Record  $413B  WASHINGTON - Democrats are blaming President Bush for the record 2004 federal deficit of  $413 billion, but Republicans say the figure shows that the economic and budget pictures are brightening.    The Treasury Department announced the figure Thursday, two weeks after the government's 2004 budget year ended and just 19 days from an Election Day in which Bush's economic and fiscal performance are pivotal issues...	0
1	Dems Oppose Plan to Air Anti-Kerry Film (AP)  AP - The Democratic Party and 18 senators are objecting to a broadcasting company's plan to air on 62 TV stations a critical documentary about John Kerry's anti-war activities after he returned home from Vietnam three decades ago.	1
1	Bush, Kerry diverge on strategy  With one debate remaining, President Bush plans to continue attacking his rival on terrorism and taxes while Sen. John F. Kerry focuses on domestic issues appealing to swing voters.	0 1
0	Blair: We must finish the job in Iraq  A defiant Tony Blair faced down hostile Labour MPs in the Commons today, telling them to  quot;stand firm quot; and finish the job in Iraq.	3
3	Bush is looking at net loss of jobs  Of criticisms of George W. Bush on domestic policy, it might be the most startling: He #39;s likely to be the first president since Herbert Hoover to end his term with fewer jobs than when he began.	0
0	Senate can limit Bush plans (Chicago Tribune)  Chicago Tribune - Despite Republican victories in the elections this week, much of President Bush's agenda faces considerable head winds in Congress, particularly the Senate.	0
0	Bush Seeks Canada's Help in Iraq, Mideast (AP)  AP - President Bush asked Canadians on Wednesday to move beyond their deep opposition to the Iraq war and get behind his vision of democracies blooming from Baghdad to the West Bank.	0
0	Blair Flies to Sudan to Press for Darfur Peace (Reuters)  Reuters - Britain's Tony Blair flew to Khartoum on Wednesday as the most senior yet in a parade of Western government figures seeking to pressure Sudanese officials over violence in Darfur province.	3
1	Sharon to Present Gaza Pullout Plan Oct. 25  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon told his fractious parliament on Monday that he will bring his Gaza pullout plan to the house for debate on Oct. 25 and will ask approval for 	4
1	Bush to Hail Canadians for Response to Sept. 11  President Bush, scorned by many in Canada for the Iraq war, will hark back on Wednesday to help given after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks as an example of a close relationship 	0
0	Sharon invites Peres to join government  Ariel Sharon, the Israeli prime minister, yesterday invited Shimon Peres - an old friend but sometimes a political adversary - to join his government as the two grand old men of Israeli politics prepared to unite to see through a plan to move Jewish 	4
1	Kerry, Bush trade charges on campaign trails  Sen. John F. Kerry on Tuesday accused his rival of launching an  quot;an all-out assault on Social Security quot; with a plan to privatize the 	0 1
1	Will  #39;Wing #39; fly again? Our Emmy picks  Sometimes you #39;ll hear a too-full-of-himself showbiz type pronounce in grave tones that the political situation is so desperate, he #39;ll move to France if President Bush wins re-election.	0
0	Bush Recants, Says Terror War Will Be Won  NASHVILLE, Tenn. - President Bush said repeatedly on Tuesday that the United States will win its war against terrorism, trying to contain political damage from the doubt he expressed a day earlier...	0
0	GOP Sharpens Attacks As Convention Opens  NEW YORK (AP) -- Sen. John McCain said Monday it was fair game to criticize Democrat John Kerry's anti-war protests three decades ago, firing an opening salvo as Republicans at their national convention sought to portray President Bush as a strong wartime leader.	0
0	Kerry Challenges Bush on Terror Policies  NASHVILLE, Tenn. - In a sharply worded challenge to President Bush, Democratic Sen...	0 1
0	Arafat Health Appears to Improve  The health of ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat has apparently improved overnight, with a Cabinet member saying he was  quot;stable.	2
0	Poll Shows Bush, Kerry in Virtual Tie  WASHINGTON - The GOP convention gave President Bush a double-digit lead, but the race has settled into a virtual tie with voters still worried about the economy and Iraq, according to polling by the Pew Research Center.    The first of two national polls by Pew, done Sept...	0 1
0	Israel and Palestinians brace for worst with Arafat  #39;brain dead #39;  JERUSALEM : Political leaders in Israel and the West Bank steeled themselves for the end of the Yasser Arafat era as the vanguard of the Palestinian nationalist struggle for the past four decades lay brain dead in a Paris hospital.	2
1	Bush Describes Kerry #39;s Health Care Proposal as a  #39;Government <b>...</b>  President Bush sped across southwest Michigan on Monday, assailing Senator John Kerry for plans that he said would result in nationalized health care.	0 1
0	Kerry blasts Iraq invasion as 'historic' failure (AFP)  AFP - Democratic presidential contender John Kerry accused President George W. Bush of creating a  quot;crisis of historic proportions quot; as infighting over Iraq dominated the US election campaign.	0 1
0	Parliament Votes Against Sharon Statement (AP)  AP - The Israeli parliament gave a symbolic slap to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, voting against a statement defending his Gaza pullout plan, but he survived two no-confidence motions and pledged to bring the withdrawal itself to a vote in two weeks.	4
1	Four more years - world reacts  Tony Blair has said military might alone will not defeat terrorism and he looked to America to grasp peace initiatives during George W Bush #39;s second term as president.	3
0	Gaza Gunmen Kidnap, Then Free Palestinian Official   GAZA (Reuters) - Palestinian gunmen kidnapped a top  security official and held him for several hours in the Gaza  Strip on Thursday in a fresh challenge to President Yasser  Arafat's rule amid a wave of unrest.	2
0	Blair Must Demand Bush Move on Guantanamo -Lawyers   LONDON (Reuters) - Relatives and rights lawyers urged Prime  Minister Tony Blair on Tuesday to demand the release of all  Britons and other Europeans from the U.S. prison camp at  Guantanamo Bay when he meets President Bush this week.	0 3
0	Lawyer Advising Vets Quits Bush Campaign  WASHINGTON - An election lawyer for President Bush who also has been advising a veterans group running TV ads against Democrat John Kerry resigned Wednesday from Bush's campaign.   "I cannot begin to express my sadness that my legal representations have become a distraction from the critical issues at hand in this election," Benjamin Ginsberg wrote in a resignation letter to Bush released by the campaign...	0
0	Kerry Says Bush Broke Promise on Oil (AP)  AP - Democratic Sen. John Kerry said Wednesday the  #36;50 per barrel price of oil reflects a broken promise of President Bush that will hurt average Americans.	0 1
0	Witnesses: Gunfire at Arafat Mourning Site (AP)  AP - Gunfire erupted Sunday at the tent set up for mourners to gather in memory of Yasser Arafat, witnesses said.	2
0	Bush, Kerry Go on the Attack After Debate  ELYRIA, Ohio - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry, their animosity stirred by a contentious second debate, lit into each other over Iraq, jobs and debate performance on Saturday in critical battleground states...	0 1
0	 #39;Mercenaries #39; attacked tent  Dubai - Former Palestinian security minister Mohammed Dahlan said on Monday that a  quot;gang of mercenaries quot; known to the Palestinian police were behind the shooting that resulted in two deaths in a mourning tent for Yasser Arafat in Gaza.	2
0	Bush site bars overseas visitors  People based outside the US have been unable to visit the re-election website of the President Bush.	0
0	AP Poll: Bush Solidifies Support Among Men (AP)  AP - President Bush solidified his advantage among men during the last month and holds his highest ratings since January on job performance, the economy and Iraq, according to an Associated Press poll.	0
0	Kerry to reverse stem cell policy  US presidential candidate John Kerry says he will make stem cell research a priority, dropping George Bush's policy.	1
1	 #39;72 complaint on Bush  President George W. Bush #39;s Vietnam-era Texas Air National Guard commander complained in 1972 that Bush was going over his head to try to  quot;get out of coming to drill quot; in Texas and later said higher 	0
3	Presidential Futures: Pools of Ignorance  Voters have plenty of resources to find out who #39;s leading the latest polls, President Bush or Senator John Kerry, or which states are leaning blue or red.	0 1
0	Bush Comes to Agent's Aid In Unusual Role Reversal    SANTIAGO, Chile, Nov. 20 -- In a role reversal, President Bush came to the rescue of a Secret Service agent Saturday night, extricating him from a melee after Chilean police blocked the president's security detail from entering a banquet hall.	0
0	Gaza evacuation set for next year  ISRAEL #39;S evacuation of the Gaza Strip will begin next northern summer and will take about 12 weeks, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said today, reversing an earlier decision to speed up the pullout.	4
0	Sharon Battles to Save Government from Collapse (Reuters)  Reuters - Reeling from a parliamentary defeat, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon prepared on Thursday to open coalition talks to save his shattered government and avoid early elections that could stall his Gaza withdrawal plan.	4
0	Blair to undergo heart surgery  British Prime Minister Tony Blair says he will undergo a routine operation on Friday to correct an irregular heartbeat. Blair announced the plans for the medical procedure on Thursday night, just hours after 	3
0	COMMENT: Sorting through the accusations  Now that virtually all of official conservatism and the Republican legislative juggernaut have opened up on UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan, with President George W. Bush #39;s winking acquiescence 	0
0	Analysis: 8 States May Decide Election  WASHINGTON - Eight states worth just 99 electoral votes are up for grabs in the closely fought presidential race, with the White House going to whoever conquers this shrinking battlefield.    While another dozen states could come into play if either candidate breaks open the race, President Bush and Democratic Sen...	0
1	Bush Picks Leavitt to Head Health and Human Services  Description: President Bush announces Environmental Protection Agency head Michael Leavitt as his choice for secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services.	0
1	Arafats illness raises concerns about Palestinian leadership  Palestinian Leader Yasser Arafat was in serious, but stable condition as of Thursday morning, after his health condition worsened Wednesday evening, officials in Arafat #39;s office said.	2
0	Israel apologises to Egypt  Jerusalem - Israel has presented its apologies to Egypt after three of its policemen were killed overnight on the border with the Gaza Strip, a source within Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s office said on Thursday.	4
1	Bush and Kerry to tangle on  President Bush and Sen. John Kerry will duel on domestic issues today as they continue their feverish campaigning in a number of hotly contested states that are likely to be the keys to victory for one on Nov. 2.	0 1
1	Bush Honors 3 Ex-Officials Instrumental to Iraq Policy  President Bush awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom today to three men who he said had  quot;made our country more secure and advanced the cause of human liberty quot;: Gen.	0
0	France  #39;hiding nothing #39; about Arafat  AMID speculation over the cause of Yasser Arafat #39;s death, French Foreign Minister Michel Barnier today said France had nothing to hide concerning the late Palestinian leader #39;s medical file.	2
0	US dismisses North Korea's personal attacks on Bush as "inappropriate" (AFP)  AFP - The United States dismissed as inappropriate North Korea's unusually strong personal attacks on President George W. Bush, but remained confident Pyongyang would attend talks to resolve the nuclear crisis in the Korean peninsula.	0
1	Mineta lays out second-term agenda  Washington -- Transportation Secretary Norm Mineta, named Thursday to serve in President Bush #39;s second-term Cabinet, vowed to press a controversial plan to overhaul Amtrak financing in order to end  quot;a drain on the budget.	0
0	AP: U.S. Officials Knew of AIDS Drug Risks (AP)  AP - Weeks before President Bush announced a plan to protect African babies from AIDS, top U.S. health officials were warned that research on the key drug was flawed and may have underreported severe reactions including deaths, government documents show.	0
1	Rice to Have Minor Surgery on Friday  Secretary of State-designate Condoleezza Rice will have a minor surgical procedure on Friday while President Bush is away on a trip to Chile, her spokesman said.	0
0	Bush Lifts Libya Sanctions to Trigger Aid (AP)  AP - President Bush has decided to lift sanctions against Libya, which he expects to trigger release of more than  #36;1 billion to families of Pan Am 103 victims, a senior administration official said Sunday.	0
0	No peace in Middle East without just solution   quot;There could be no peace in the Middle East unless a just solution to the issue is found, quot; a Bangladeshi security analyst has said while commenting on the post-Yasser Arafat situation in the Middle East.	2
1	Bush Says US Safety from Terror  #39;Up in the Air #39;  President Bush said it is  quot;up in the air quot; whether the United States can ever be fully safe from terrorism, prompting an attack from Democrat John Kerry #39;s campaign that Bush was sending a mixed message.	0 1
0	Recovering Bill Clinton to stump for Kerry (AFP)  AFP - Former US president Bill Clinton, recovering from heart surgery, will take part in a John Kerry rally next week, giving what Democrats hope will be a crucial boost to their presidential candidate.	1
0	Palestinians set elections for January ninth  (Ramallah, West Bank-AP) Nov. 14, 2004 - Palestinian officials are pushing forward with steps to a secure a new leader after the death of Yasser Arafat, scheduling presidential elections for January ninth.	2
0	Blair challenged by British hostage saga  TONY JONES: The ongoing saga of a British hostage held in Iraq is proving to be a real political challenge for Tony Blair. The family of Ken Bigley has attacked the Prime Minister for doing nothing, while Mr Bigley faces death.	3
1	Ashcroft rips federal judges on national security  Outgoing Attorney General John Ashcroft yesterday, in a stinging rebuke, accused federal judges of jeopardizing national security with rulings that contradict President Bush #39;s constitutional authority to make wartime decisions.	0
1	OPEC To Monitor Oil Prices in Wake of US Election  Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) President Purnomo Yusgiantoro said today that the cartel will monitor any impact on oil prices from the re-election of US President George W. Bush.	0
0	Sharon Vows Parliament Vote on Gaza Plan on Oct. 25   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  vowed on Monday to put his Gaza withdrawal plan to a  parliamentary vote on Oct. 25 despite far-right opposition that  threatens to bring down his government.	4
1	Presidential medal of freedom  President George W. Bush on Tuesday awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation #39;s highest civilian honor, to former CIA director George Tenet, retired Army Gen.	0
0	Palestinians plan elections within 60 days to pick Arafat #39;s <b>...</b>  Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qurei pledged Saturday that presidential elections would be held within 60 days to replace late leader Yasser Arafat, while the Palestinian 	2
0	Aide: Gaza Plan Aims to Block Statehood  JERUSALEM Oct. 6, 2004 - A top adviser to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said in a published interview Wednesday that Israel #39;s planned withdrawal from the Gaza Strip is meant to delay the establishment of a 	4
0	Does the U.S. Need the Draft?  Both Bush and Kerry say no. But with America tied down in Iraq, military officials say they may need more troops to win the war -- and the next one	1
1	White House: CBS memos raise questions  WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- CBS News #39; admission Monday that it was misled into using dubious documents in a story about President Bush #39;s Vietnam-era National Guard services raises  quot;serious questions, quot; the White House said.	0
0	Arafat #39;s familiar words must lead to unfamiliar actions  If there are any democratic  quot;T #39;s quot; to be crossed and  quot;I #39;s quot; to be dotted, Palestinian President Yasser Arafat did not leave one undone during his keynote speech to MPs at his West Bank headquarters in Ramallah. Arafat looked rejuvenated and emphatic as he ...	2
0	Sharon Invites Labor Party to Join Coalition  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on Friday invited the opposition Labor Party into the government, officials said, seeking to shore up his coalition as Israel's plans to pull out of the Gaza Strip move into high gear.	4
1	Bush, Kerry Battle For Iowa  (CBS) President Bush and Sen. John Kerry both visited the battleground state of Iowa on Wednesday with Kerry questioning the president #39;s leadership on Iraq and Mr.	0 1
0	Britain #39;s Blair Won #39;t Apologize for Iraq  Answering parliamentary questions Wednesday, Prime Minister Tony Blair strongly denied that he misrepresented pre-war intelligence regarding Saddam Hussein #39;s mass destruction weapons arsenal.	3
1	Former President Bill Clinton Back On The Campaign Trail For John <b>...</b>  Seven weeks after heart surgery former President Bill Clinton is set to make his first public appearance. Today he #39;ll be campaigning for John Kerry in Philadelphia.	1
0	Troops #39; activity in Iraq to increase: Blair  British Prime Minister Tony Blair has told MPs at Westminster that multinational forces in Iraq are about to enter a period of increased activity.	3
3	Econ Edge: The Economic Week  President Bush #39;s White House conference on the economy is sure to attract some of the nation #39;s political and economic superstars to Washington this week.	0
0	Global survey shows 30 of 35 countries want Kerry in White House (AFP)  AFP - A majority of people in 30 of 35 countries want Democratic party flagbearer John Kerry in the White House, according to a survey released showing US President George W. Bush rebuffed by all of America's traditional allies.	0 1
1	Bush #39;s Speech at UN Targets US Voters, World Opinion  US President George W. Bush, trying to soften his image overseas as a heavy-handed unilateralist, is using his annual address to the United Nations to offer up a brighter vision 	0
0	Bush Seeks to Build on His Education Base (AP)  AP - President Bush is ready to shift his education focus to older students, building on the law he pushed through before terrorism and war came to define his presidency.	0
0	Palestinians demand Israeli pullout ahead of elections  Palestinian leaders will demand Secretary of State Colin Powell to pressure Israel to pullout its forces from disputed areas in the West Bank ahead of January elections to choose a successor to the late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, a top Palestinian 	2
1	Palestinian attack kills woman in Gaza settlement  A Palestinian mortar bomb slammed into a house in a Jewish settlement in the Gaza Strip on Friday, killing a woman and fueling settler anger over Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to pull Israelis out of the occupied region.	4
1	Dan Rather's Future a Complicated Question (AP)  AP - In Kansas City, Mo., it's Kirk Black's job to answer for Dan Rather. The station manager of KCTV, like his colleagues at many other CBS affiliates, is facing a flood of calls and e-mails from viewers angry at Dan Rather for relying on apparently fake documents to suggest President Bush's National Guard service record was less than stellar.	0
0	Gravely Ill Arafat Arrives in France for Treatment   VILLACOUBLAY MILITARY AIRFIELD, France (Reuters) -  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, weakened by what doctors  think may be leukemia, left the West Bank for the first time in  2-1/2 years on Friday and flew to France for medical treatment.	2
0	US genocide charge is Bush election ploy - Sudan FM (AFP)  AFP - Sudan's foreign minister rejected US charges of genocide in the western region of Darfur as a reelection ploy by US President George W. Bush.	0
0	Gore and Kerry Unite in Search for Black Votes  As polls suggest gains for President Bush among black voters, Democrats are trying to solidify their bloc.	0
3	Real Issues, Not Rhetoric  There may be lots of reasons to vote for John Kerry over George Bush, but  quot;job quality quot; isn #39;t one of them. Kerry has been telling crowds that the country is  quot;shipping jobs 	1
1	Bush Asked to Stop Using 'Still the One' (AP)  AP - The songwriter who helped pen the 1970s hit, "Still the One," is demanding that President Bush stop using the tune at campaign events, arguing that he's no fan of the Republican incumbent and the campaign never got permission to use the song.	0
0	Blair builds Atlantic bridge  Tony Blair last night put worldwide political and human rights at the centre of his hopes to revitalise the United Nations and bring the United States and Europe closer together again in pursuit of global democracy.	3
1	UK #39;s Blair Loses Cabinet Ally as Blunkett Resigns (Update2)  UK Prime Minister Tony Blair lost an ally in his Cabinet as Home Secretary David Blunkett resigned, embarrassing the Labour government in the months leading up to the next election.	3
1	The World According to Rice  Was Colin Powell angry? He #39;s so smooth and politic it #39;s hard to tell. But only a week before, the man President George W. Bush once likened to George C. Marshall had been, in effect, fired.	0
1	CBS anchor vows to pursue truth  CBS anchor Dan Rather yesterday acknowledged for the first time that there are serious questions about the authenticity of documents he used to question President Bush #39;s National Guard record last week on  quot;60 Minutes.	0
1	US faces challenging Arafat aftermath  American presidents since Richard Nixon and secretaries of state since William Rogers have had to deal with the reality of Yasser Arafat as Palestinian leader, even when they did not meet with him face to face.	2
1	How did exit polls start avalanche of inaccuracy?  John Kerry was not beating President Bush in Ohio and Florida and on the cusp of becoming the new leader of the free world - despite what confidential 	0 1
1	Letterman Gets Big Ratings Boost from Kerry   LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - It's too soon to tell whether the  laughs he got from his top-10 list on Monday night will  translate into votes, but John Kerry's appearance on CBS' "Late  Show with David Letterman" made for great ratings.	1
2	No. 1 USC Beats Virginia Tech 24 - 13  Tailback Reggie Bush caught three long touchdown passes to help the top-ranked Trojans beat Virginia Tech in a sloppy opener Saturday.	0
0	Bush Signs  #36;136B Corporate Tax Cut Bill (AP)  AP - President Bush showered  #36;136 billion in new tax breaks on businesses, farmers and other groups Friday, quietly signing the most sweeping rewrite of corporate tax law in nearly two decades.	0
3	Econ Edge: The Economic Week  President Bush #39;s White House conference on the economy is sure to attract some of the nation #39;s political and economic superstars to Washington this week.	0
0	Intel Bill Foe Holds Out  As Congress's chief opponent to a bill that would revamp the intelligence community, Rep. Duncan Hunter (R-Ca.) has evoked concerns about President Bush's clout among Republican lawmakers.	0
0	Powell: U.S. Needs Help on Sudan Crisis (AP)  AP - The key to stopping the ethnic violence in western Sudan rests not with the United States alone but with the United Nations, other African countries and Sudan itself, President Bush's foreign policy advisers said Sunday.	0
1	Michael Moore Pushes For TV Airing Of  quot;Fahrenheit 9/11 quot;  Michael Moore has decided not to submit  quot;Fahrenheit 9/11 quot; for consideration as best documentary at this year #39;s Oscar awards, instead, he wants to have his documentary aired on television to help defeat President Bush.	0
1	Chaos as Palestinians bid farewell to Arafat  Ramallah: Yasser Arafat was laid to rest amid scenes of chaos at his West Bank headquarters as thousands of Palestinians packed into the compound to catch a last glimpse of their leader.	2
0	Sharon Rejects Army Bid to Wind Down Gaza Offensive   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's Ariel Sharon has rejected  his army's request to scale back its Gaza offensive, seeking to  avoid any show of weakness after deadly bombings hit Egyptian  resorts crowded with Israelis, security sources said.	4
1	Kerry Reshapes Campaign  Under fire to shape up his presidential campaign, Democratic challenger John F. Kerry on Sunday tapped two veteran party strategists from Boston to assume 	1
0	Economy, Iraq War Frame Bush-Kerry Debate  ST. LOUIS - A lackluster unemployment report and fresh questions about President Bush's rationale for invading Iraq frame the second face-to-face encounter Friday night between Bush and Sen...	0
1	Kerry plans hunting trip, speech on jobs  Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry will be on the hunt Thursday -- for geese and for voters who might harbor doubts about him.	1
0	Arafat Has Low Blood Platelet Count - Doctor   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Ailing Palestinian leader  Yasser Arafat is suffering from a low blood platelet count but  does not appear to have leukemia, one of the doctors treating  him said Thursday.	2
0	Palestinian killed in Gaza as Kerry vows no reprieve for Arafat (AFP)  AFP - A Palestinian was killed in an Israeli air strike in Gaza, as US Democrat presidential hopeful John Kerry warned that if he wins the November 2 election there will be no reprieve for sidelined Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat.	1 2
1	Enter a Category  John McCain, once extolled by Democrat John Kerry as  quot;patriotism personified, quot; delivers a vigorous prime-time defense of the Iraq war tonight to make a case for the re-election of President 	1
0	Palestinians Mourn Death of Yasser Arafat (AP)  AP - Palestinians reacted with tears and tributes to the death of their leader Yasser Arafat on Thursday.	2
0	Barghouti enters election race  Marwan Barghouti, a Palestinian leader now in jail, has been entered in next month #39;s presidential election to succeed the late Yasser Arafat.	2
2	Bush Urges  #39;Strong Steps #39; Against Steroids  PresidentBush yesterday urged MLB and union leaders, through a spokesman, to take  quot;strong steps to address the problem quot; of steroids, but offered no specific policy suggestions.	0
0	At UN, Bush defends decision to invade Iraq  President Bush went before a skeptical hall of world leaders Tuesday to mount a vigorous defense of the war in Iraq, telling the United Nations that the Iraqi people are 	0
0	Candidates Debut Closing Themes (washingtonpost.com)  washingtonpost.com - LAS VEGAS, Oct. 14 -- John F. Kerry rolled out a new campaign speech packed with populist rhetoric and sharp indictments of the Bush administration Thursday, while President Bush sounded the theme he will take to voters in the next 2 1/2 weeks: that Kerry is a big-government Massachusetts liberal.	0 1
1	3 ghosts of Bush #39;s recent past  The East Room is the largest in the White House, and it serves as a stage for some of the mansion #39;s most scripted events: diplomatic receptions, state funerals, prime-time news conferences.	0
0	Bush-Kerry draw sharp battle lines on Iraq (AFP)  AFP - Two days of hard politicking on Iraq have left the US presidential candidates locked into opposing visions: George W. Bush sees a country marching towards democracy, John Kerry sees one descending into chaos.	0 1
1	CBS News Fires Producer Over Arafat Special Report (Reuters)  Reuters - CBS News has fired the producer responsible for interrupting the last five minutes of a hit crime drama with a special report on the death of Palestinian President Yasser Arafat, a network source said on Friday.	2
0	Tunisian Doctors Examine Arafat, Aides Blame Flu (Reuters)  Reuters - A Tunisian medical team examined Yasser Arafat in the West Bank on Saturday, but aides dismissed Israeli media reports that the Palestinian president's health had deteriorated and said he had flu.	2
0	Bush, Kerry Economic Budgets Exceed  $1T  WASHINGTON - President Bush and Democratic Sen. John Kerry have starkly different economic priorities with a common thread: price tags exceeding  $1 trillion that could pump already huge deficits skyward over the next decade...	0 1
1	 #39;I can make America safer #39;: Kerry  WASHINGTON - John Kerry locked horns with George W. Bush in a tense televised debate tonight, accusing him of making a  quot;colossal error of judgment quot; by invading Iraq while the president responded that his opponent was unfit to lead.	0 1
0	GAZA DEATHS MOUNT  Heavy casualties have been reported in the northern Gaza Strip after Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon approved a major new offensive to curb Palestinian militant rocket attacks.	4
0	Arafat 'Very Sick,' Palestinian Leaders Summoned   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian President  Yasser Arafat's health worsened sharply on Wednesday and he was  slipping in and out of consciousness at his besieged West Bank  headquarters, officials and medics said.	2
0	Presidential Politics Gets Ugly in Fla. (AP)  AP - An anti-John Kerry demonstrator was charged with felony aggravated assault with a gun for allegedly pointing a weapon at the head of a Kerry supporter.	1
0	Federal Deficit Surges to Record  $413B  WASHINGTON - The federal deficit surged to a record  $413 billion in 2004, the Treasury Department announced Thursday, injecting the figure into a presidential campaign in which the two parties have clashed over President Bush's management of the economy and the budget.    The number was a significant improvement from the shortfalls that analysts projected earlier this year, including a  $521 billion estimate the Bush administration made in February...	0
0	Bush Focusing on Health Care in Michigan (AP)  AP - On health care, President Bush says he stands with the doctors and Americans who are struggling to find affordable medical services. Democrat John Kerry says Bush has stood idle as medical bills have skyrocketed during his presidency.	0 1
0	Bush Campaign Chides Kerry Vote Efforts (AP)  AP - President Bush's campaign criticized a new Democratic effort to get out the religious vote for John Kerry on Friday, saying it could endanger churches' tax-exempt status by involving them in partisan political activity.	0 1
0	Bleak view said wider at security agencies  WASHINGTON -- A growing number of career professionals within national security agencies believe the situation in Iraq is much worse, and the path to success much more tenuous, than is being expressed in public by top Bush administration officials, according to former and current government officials and assessments over the past year by intelligence officials at the CIA and departments ...	0
0	Bush Rips Kerry on Iraq Following Debate  ALLENTOWN, Pa. - President Bush ripped into John Kerry on Iraq Friday, taking a more aggressive approach than he had in the previous night's debate as both candidates rushed back to the campaign trail to put their own spin on the first big faceoff...	0 1
0	Bush Calls on Israel to Impose Settlement Freeze   UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - President Bush on Tuesday called  on Israel to impose a freeze on Jewish settlements in the West  Bank and Gaza, taking a harder line on settlement growth than  Washington has recently.	0
3	Greenback retreats as market awaits final word on US election  As expected by most analysts, uncertainty during the US presidential election period has proven negative for the US dollar. While George W. Bush is currently more likely to win the election, the race between 	0
0	Health of Arafat said to deteriorate  The health of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat deteriorated yesterday, and Palestinian doctors were rushed to his Ramallah compound in the 	2
1	10/19/04 Poll: Bush Lead Over Kerry Widens  Two weeks before Election Day, President George W. Bush (search) leads Democratic challenger Sen. John Kerry (search) in the race for the White House, according to a FOX News poll released Tuesday.	0 1
0	US to withdraw 60,000-70,000 troops from Europe and Asia: Bush (AFP)  AFP - The United States will withdraw 60,000 to 70,000 troops from Europe and Asia over the next decade, President George W. Bush said as he announced the biggest military reorganisation since the end of World War II.	0
1	Security overhaul now law  President Bush signed into law yesterday the largest overhaul of US intelligence-gathering in 50 years in an effort to transform a system created for Cold War threats so it can deal effectively with post-Sept.	0
0	Ailing Arafat Faces Days of Medical Tests   CLAMART, France (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat will undergo a  battery of medical tests on Saturday as French doctors try to  discover whether the ailing Palestinian leader is suffering  from leukemia or some other blood disorder.	2
0	Kerry: Redeployment Could Impair Security (AP)  AP - John Kerry says President Bush's plans to recall as many as 70,000 troops from Cold War-era bases in Europe and Asia could impair the nation's security, particularly in the war against terror.	0 1
0	Arafat Stable, Not in Coma Says Palestinian Spokesman   PARIS (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat is in stable condition in a  French military hospital and not in a coma, a senior aide to  the ailing Palestinian leader said early on Sunday.	2
1	A look at who is left in Bush #39;s Cabinet  TREASURY SECRETARY JOHN SNOW: A strong advocate of the administration #39;s economic policies, notably big tax cuts, Snow accepted Bush #39;s offer Wednesday to remain.	0
1	Rumsfeld to stay on as US defense secretary  US President George W. Bush has asked Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld to remain at the Pentagon and Rumsfeld has agreed, a senior administration officialsaid Friday.	0
0	President Bush and the United Nations  Description: On Tuesday President Bush went before the UN General Assembly to deliver an defense of United States policy in Iraq. NPR #39;s Tavis Smiley talks about the role of the UN with Nancy Soderberg, vice 	0
0	Bomb found after Blair holiday visit  An explosive device was found today in a Sardinian town close to where Tony Blair had been staying just hours earlier. 	3
0	Abbas says Sharon #39;s talk of annexing settlements could sabotage <b>...</b>  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s hope of annexing West Bank settlements and keeping all of Jerusalem under a final peace deal is a disaster that could torpedo efforts to restart peace talks, interim Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas 	4
0	Bush, Annan Spar Over Iraq War at U.N. (AP)  AP - After two years, the United States and the United Nations had hoped to take the spotlight off the bitterly divisive war in Iraq. It didn't happen. At the opening of the U.N. General Assembly, President Bush and U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan sparred over the war that can't escape the headlines.	0
1	US urges Israel to help Palestinian vote  US Secretary of State Colin Powell has launched a new Middle East peace drive by saying he will press both Israeli and Palestinian leaders for steps to help Palestinians elect a successor to Yasser Arafat.	2
1	Intelligence reform bill heads to Senate  Senate passage of an intelligence reform bill is expected Wednesday, with the measure then heading to President Bush for his signature.	0
0	Bush Calls for Verifying Iran Nuke Claims  President Bush said Monday that he hopes Iran's claim that it has suspended uranium enrichment and has no nuclear weapons ambitions is true, but "there must be verification."	0
0	Son of Late Officer Questions Bush Memos (AP)  AP - The authenticity of newly unearthed memos stating that George W. Bush failed to meet standards of the Texas Air National Guard during the Vietnam War was questioned Thursday by the son of the late officer who reportedly wrote the memos.	0
0	Bush Seeks Electoral Vote or Two in Maine (AP)  AP - President Bush campaigned Thursday in Maine, looking to pick up support in a state that divvies up its electoral votes and where even a partial victory on Nov. 2 could tip a close election his way.	0
0	Bush Signs Orders for Intelligence Reform  WASHINGTON - President Bush on Friday signed executive orders designed to strengthen the CIA director's power over the nation's intelligence agencies and create a national counterterrorism center, responding to election-year pressures to enact changes called for by the Sept. 11 commission...	0
3	Unemployment rate key for Bush  NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - If the unemployment rate stays at current levels until the election, President Bush stands a much better chance at winning another four years in the White House, a job placement firm reported Monday.	0
0	Conservatives Win, Moderates Lose in 2004 (AP)  AP - You're not alone, Sen. John Kerry. Diplomacy, nuance and your adviser Bob Shrum were also Election Day losers.	1
1	US, Israel to Confer on Settlement Plans  A team of American diplomats is due in Israel early next month for talks with Israeli officials on Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plans to withdraw from the Gaza Strip and parts of the West Bank.	4
0	Bush Urges World to Unite With Iraq (AP)  AP - President Bush, defending his decision to invade Iraq, urged a vast assembly of world leaders Tuesday to stand united with the country's struggling government and said the proper response to spreading violence "is not to retreat, it is to prevail."	0
0	N. Korea Continues Criticism of Bush  For the second straight day, North Korea yesterday hurled unusually personal criticism at President Bush, calling him a  quot;fascist tyrant quot; and  quot;human trash.	0
3	Divide over managing US #39;s wallet  Both President Bush and Sen. John Kerry profess to be  quot;free traders, quot; opposed to tariffs and other impediments to commerce.	0 1
0	Rice defends Bush statements criticizing France (AFP)  AFP - US national security adviser Condoleezza Rice defended recent statements by President George W. Bush's slamming France's for not joining the US-led invasion of Iraq, saying the president never intended to ridicule the French government.	0
1	Kerry puts lapse of gun ban in campaign cross-hairs  As the federal assault-weapons ban expired Monday, Democratic nominee John Kerry assured it will live as an issue in the presidential campaign by lambasting President 	1
0	Sharon Allows 1,000 More Settler Homes in West Bank   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, facing a  party mutiny over his plan to quit the Gaza Strip, has approved  1,000 more Israeli settler homes in the West Bank in a move  that drew a cautious response on Tuesday from Washington.	4
1	Rather Quitting as CBS Anchor in Abrupt Move  The move came two months after Dan Rather acknowledged flaws in a report on President Bush's National Guard service.	0
1	Million more in poverty in US  WASHINGTON: George W. Bush #39;s re-election hopes suffered a blow yesterday as official statistics showed 1.3 million more Americans were forced into poverty last year.	0
0	Lawmaker Regrets Helping Bush Get in Guard (AP)  AP - In a video posted on the Internet, Ben Barnes, a former Democratic speaker of the Texas House, said he is ashamed he helped President Bush and the sons of other wealthy families get into the Texas Air National Guard in 1968 so they could avoid serving in Vietnam.	0
0	Britain Mulls U.S. Request for More Help in Iraq (Reuters)  Reuters - Britain was considering a U.S. request on Monday to move troops into more potentially dangerous areas of Iraq, a politically charged move which has reignited anger over Prime Minister Tony Blair's support for the war.	3
1	Face-to-face at last for a television debate 50m Americans will <b>...</b>  After months of exchanging insults from a distance, George Bush and John Kerry will finally face each other tonight in a debate that is likely to be the challenger #39;s best chance to turn the election around before the November 2 poll.	1
0	Preparations underway for Yasser Arafat #39;s funeral  ELEANOR HALL: But first to Egypt, where preparations are underway for the funeral of the man who for almost half a century was one of the most dominant figures in Middle East politics.	2
0	Kerry to hunt for male US votes as Bush courts Catholics (AFP)  AFP - US Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry will switch to macho politics when he makes an atypical hunting trip to rural Ohio in a bid to woo traditionalist male voters, while President George W. Bush courts Catholics in Pennsylvania less than two week before election day.	0 1
1	Outcry over UK deaths  The nightmarish beginning to a controversial redeployment has rekindled criticism of Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s decision to shift the 850-strong Black Watch Regiment from the relative calm of Basra to Iraq #39;s deadliest area.	3
1	Kerry, Bush offer hopeful message  Their months of bickering and bashing nearing an end, President Bush and John Kerry sought in their second-to-last campaign day Sunday to offer hopeful visions for security and prosperity.	0 1
0	North Korea likens Bush to Hitler   Pyongyang describes US President George W Bush as an "imbecile" and a "tyrant that puts Hitler in the shade".	0
1	DRAMA BEHIND KERRY DECISION  BOSTON - Three hours after he woke up in his 19th-century Federalist townhouse on Louisbourg Square, Sen. John Kerry was told his lifelong dream 	1
0	Resentment high on Arafat's wife  RAMALLAH, West Bank -- Suha Daoud Tawil Arafat, 41, has been the focus of resentment and controversy among Palestinians for most of the time that she has been married to the founder and chief symbol of the Palestinian national movement.	2
1	Arafat, I wish you full recovery  Arafat is sick, and I hope with all my heart that he recovers and leads his people for many more years. So far I have met with him several tens of times.	2
0	Bush Says U.S. Will Push Hard on Peace Plan  At a news conference with Prime Minister Tony Blair, President Bush said there was a "great chance" to create a Palestinian state.	0 3
0	Kerry, Bush Clash Over Iraq and Allawi (AP)  AP - Clashing over Iraq, Sen. John Kerry said Friday that President Bush's policies made the war against terror harder to win and "let Osama bin Laden slip away." Bush chastised his Democratic rival for questioning the motives of Iraq's interim prime minister.	0 1
0	Inmate abandons leadership bid  IMPRISONED uprising leader Marwan Barghouthi was dropping out the January 9 election to replace Yasser Arafat as head of the Palestinian Authority, associates said today.	2
0	Bush calls on Israel to freeze settlements  NEWYORK - President George W. Bush called on Israel yesterday to enforce a freeze in the settlements and to end the  quot;daily humiliation quot; of the Palestinians, and told the Palestinians that a  quot;commitment to democratic reform is essential to resolving the 	0
0	Prayers and praise for Yasser Arafat  On the day that Yasser Arafat left for urgent medical treatment in France, the press in the Palestinian territories and the wider Arab world hails his commitment to the Palestinian cause and prays for his speedy recovery.	2
0	Le Monde: Arafat Died of Cirrhosis  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat might have reportedly died of cirrhosis, which is caused by liver failure. Popular French newspaper, Le Monde, says that doctors have announced that Arafat died of cirrhosis although he did not drink anything except water.	2
0	Sharon to seek rival Labor #39;s aid on Gaza plan  Fresh from a painful parliamentary defeat, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel said yesterday he will turn to his old rivals in the Labor 	4
0	Arafat to seek treatment in France  RAMALLAH, WEST BANK - Yasser Arafat is about to leave his compound in the West Bank for the first time in two and a half years. Two helicopters from Jordan were expected to arrive in Ramallah late Thursday 	2
1	Portraits of Bush, With Hazy Spots  Both CNN's and MSNBC's biographies address elements of President Bush's background and record that are not likely to be highlighted at the Republican National Convention.	0
0	Arafat in Serious Condition, Foreign Medics Summoned  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is in a very serious condition but was able to take part in Muslim morning prayers on Thursday, officials said, as a team of foreign doctors rushed to his headquarters.	2
1	Britain #39;s Blair Won #39;t Apologize for Iraq  Answering parliamentary questions Wednesday, Prime Minister Tony Blair strongly denied that he misrepresented pre-war intelligence regarding Saddam Hussein #39;s mass destruction weapons arsenal.	3
1	Columnist Has Ties to Anti-Kerry Book  mong the stoutest defenders of  quot;Unfit for Command: Swift Boat Veterans Speak Out Against John Kerry, quot; the best-selling book arguing that Mr.	1
0	Unfinished fight  Like old soldiers who never die, dreams of a Palestinian homeland too are unlikely to die with the passage of Yasser Arafat, chairman of the Palestine Liberation Organisation (PLO).	2
0	Graphic Designer Fired After Heckling Bush  MARTINSBURG, W.Va. - A man who heckled President Bush at a political rally was fired from his job at an advertising and design company...	0
1	Musharraf Wins Bush Pledge to Resolve Mideast Imbroglio  WASHINGTON, 5 December 2004 - President George W. Bush offered no criticism yesterday of Pakistans role in the still-unsuccessful hunt for Al-Qaeda leader Osama Bin Laden, even though Pakistans army is pulling out of one area where the terrorist 	0
0	Gov't to announce decision on troop redeployment in Iraq (AFP)  AFP - The government will announce later whether it has agreed to a US request to send hundreds of its troops to relieve American forces in Iraq, Prime Minister Tony Blair's spokesman said, a move widely expected to go ahead.	3
0	Retired Gen. Franks Criticizes Kerry (AP)  AP - Retired Gen. Tommy Franks launched a four-state campaign swing for President Bush by criticizing Sen. John Kerry's anti-Vietnam War activities and voting record on the military.	0 1
0	Bush Hits Kerry in Debate Rebound Bid (AP)  AP - President Bush blistered Sen. John Kerry on Wednesday as an apostle of "retreat in Iraq" and tax-and-spend liberalism at home. The administration is "out of touch with reality" Democratic running mate John Edwards countered in a campaign growing more caustic by the day.	0 1
1	Officials Say Rice to be New US Secretary of State  Senior officials say President Bush plans to name National Security Advisor Condoleezza Rice to replace Colin Powell as secretary of state.	0
0	Palestinians look warily for a leader  NABLUS, West Bank -- Talk about the Middle East is upbeat these days in Washington, Europe, and Jerusalem, as presidents, prime ministers, and diplomats express enthusiasm about new opportunities for peace created by the death of longtime Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Bush Says He's Proud of Guard Service  LAS VEGAS - President Bush, his Vietnam-era military service the subject of dispute, said Tuesday he is proud of his stint in the Air National Guard and told members strained by today's wars that he is trying to make their lives easier.   "Nineteen individuals have served both in the National Guard and as president of the United States, and I am proud to be one of them," Bush said at the National Guard Association of the United States conference...	0
0	Father of a cause, revered and reviled   RAMALLAH, West Bank -- Yasser Arafat, the father of the Palestinian national movement who died yesterday at the age of 75 in France, was one of the most durable figures on the international scene.	2
1	Bush Administration Breaks Silence to Back Annan  The Bush administration expressed confidence in UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan on Thursday and said he should stay in office, in a belated rebuff to demands from Republicans in Congress for his resignation.	0
0	Analysis: a Bush 2nd Term Could Be Thorny (AP)  AP - On the campaign trail, belting out promises for the next four years, President Bush exudes confidence and optimism. Yet the reality of a second term is that Bush would be boxed in by many of the momentous decisions he made in the first.	0
0	What Bush #39;s Re-election Means for Korea-US Ties  WASHINGTON, DC -- The North Korean nuclear issue lies at the heart of US policies toward the Korean Peninsula. The North Korean nuclear issue is one of top priority foreign policies of President Bushs second administration.	0
0	Stations Get E-Mails to Oust Dan Rather  NEW YORK - Station managers at several CBS affiliates said Thursday they appear to be a target of a national e-mail campaign placing pressure on the network to oust Dan Rather as anchorman of the "CBS Evening News."   The anger stems from Rather's role in a "60 Minutes" report on President Bush's service in the National Guard. CBS has apologized for reporting on documents critical of Bush's service, widely assumed now as fakes, and appointed a panel to investigate what went wrong in the report...	0
1	Bush, Kerry Campaigning As Debate Approaches  President George W. Bush and his Democratic rival Sen. John Kerry continued to spar as they prepared for their important first debate on Thursday.	0 1
1	Bush Signs Bill to Revamp US Intelligence Community  President Bush today signed the bill that will revamp the country #39;s intelligence community more dramatically than any measure in more than a half-century.	0
1	Is Kerry relevant to 2004 election?  WASHINGTON -- To begin his final full week campaigning for the presidency last Monday, John Kerry abandoned previous plans and seized on a single case of missing explosives in Iraq.	1
1	Bush Signs Overhaul Of US Intelligence  Washington -- President Bush says a  quot;more unified, coordinated and effective quot; national intelligence structure will help keep America safer.	0
0	Lawmakers Approve Panel to Appeal Secrecy (AP)  AP - President Bush will soon sign a bill to create a place for members of Congress to appeal if they believe federal agencies are classifying too much in the name of national security.	0
0	Sharon to form new coalition  AL QUDS, Dec 10: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon moved swiftly on Friday to forge a national unity government after winning approval to reshape his coalition and crushing internal opposition to his Gaza pullout plan.	4
0	Palestinians to Elect Arafat's Successor on Jan. 9   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinians set Jan. 9 as  the date for presidential elections to replace Yasser Arafat on  Sunday as the United States hinted it may be ready to resume  Middle East peacemaking shelved since 2000.	2
0	Dignitaries Expected at Arafat's Funeral (AP)  AP - The following dignitaries are expected at Yasser Arafat's funeral in Cairo on Friday, according to Palestinian and Egyptian planners and other officials.	2
1	President Bush, allies defend Iraq war from  quot;illegal quot; charge  WASHINGTON : President George W Bush Thursday joined a chorus of US-allied leaders in defending the Iraq war from UN chief Kofi Annan #39;s charge that it was illegal.	0
1	Kerry brings in 2 to rev it up  WASHINGTON BUREAU; Staff writer Ken Fireman contributed to this story, which was supplemented with news service reports. PITTSBURGH - With Democrats calling on him to sharpen his presidential 	1
0	Row over Arafat #39;s funeral, US stays out  Washington: The United States on Friday declined to join a row over the potential burial of ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, adding that his death would not change US policy on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.	2
0	Bush Calls for Verifying Iran Nuke Claims  President Bush said Monday that he hopes Iran's claim that it has suspended uranium enrichment and has no nuclear weapons ambitions is true, but "there must be verification."	0
1	Cheney/Edwards debate won #39;t decide the election, but it #39;s still <b>...</b>  Last week President George Bush and Sen. John Kerry sparred in the first of three presidential debates. Tonight Vice President Dick Cheney and North Carolina #39;s own Sen. John Edwards 	1
0	Israelis Kill 5 Palestinians; Sharon Under Pressure (Reuters)  Reuters - Israeli troops killed five Palestinian militants in gun battles Monday as Prime Minister Ariel Sharon sought to dampen rising pressure for a referendum on his plan to withdraw from occupied Gaza.	4
0	Middle East ; Arafat doctors mull move to hospital  Middle East News, Ramallah: A team of doctors are trying to assess whether ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat should be taken from his HQ in Ramallah to hospital.	2
1	Round 2: Showdown in St. Louis  With the Presidential Championship Belt at stake, Republicans are banking on President Bush to bounce back from a wobbly first round, while Democrats are counting on Sen.	0
1	Arafat #39;s wife emerges as major figure in running her husband #39;s <b>...</b>  Yasser Arafat #39;s confinement to a Paris hospital has given his wife Suha something she has never had in 14 years of marriage: Power and influence.	2
1	Polling methods can change results  One headline this week blared: Bush leads by 8 points. Another had Bush up by 3 percentage points. Three other national polls showed the presidential race in a dead heat.	0
1	Kerry goes on ad attack  FOR months on the campaign trail, US Democrat presidential candidate John Kerry has criticised President George W. Bush for running advertisements assailing the senator #39;s record.	0 1
0	Arafat Medical Test Finds No Major Ailment-Minister   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat underwent a  minor diagnostic procedure on Monday and doctors found no major  ailment after a week of concerns over the Palestinian  president's health, a cabinet minister said.	2
1	Sharon: Peace Depends on Palestinians  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip Dec 13, 2004 - The new Palestinian leadership is not doing enough to restrain militants, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Monday, after attackers blew up an Israeli army outpost in Gaza and killed five soldiers.	4
0	World governments hope for policy changes from 2nd Bush <b>...</b>  US allies alienated by President George W. Bush #39;s first four years in power indicated Wednesday they would seek from Day 1 to get the new White House to listen more to outside opinion.	0
0	Bush cites an opening for peace  WASHINGTON -- President Bush offered a powerful incentive to Palestinians yesterday to rally behind a moderate leadership, signaling the promise of US reengagement and a new opening for peace following Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat's death.	0 2
0	Arafat's life in pictures	2
0	PA given Arafat #39;s medical records  Yasir Arafat #39;s nephew has turned over his medical records to the Palestinian Authority, giving it a first glimpse of the file since the Palestinian leader #39;s death.	2
3	A tax man laugheth at  #39;simplified #39; code  As a tax guy, I found myself chuckling quietly when President Bush said in his speech at the Republican National Convention that he would  quot;lead a bipartisan effort to reform and simplify the 	0
0	Doctors Visit Arafat As His Health Worsens  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat attends a PLO executive committee meeting at his office in the West Bank town of Ramallah, in this Sunday, Aug. 8, 2004 file photo.	2
0	Arafat Condition Still Serious; Said to Be at 'Critical Juncture'  There were conflicting reports that Yasir Arafat was fighting for his life and an envoy said he was in a reversible coma.	2
1	Napolitano touts Kyl for homeland security post  US Sen. Jon Kyl #39;s familiarity with border issues would serve the state well if President Bush were to pick the Arizona Republican as his new secretary of homeland security, Gov.	0
1	Kerry says al Qaeda benefits from Bush #39;s gun ban stance  Washington -- Sen. John Kerry charged Friday that President Bush was helping terrorists and caving in to the National Rifle Association by not pushing to extend the 10-year-old federal assault weapons ban that expires at 12:01 am Monday.	0 1
0	Bush to Name Campaign Chief to Head GOP (AP)  AP - President Bush on Monday tapped the chairman of his re-election campaign, Ken Mehlman, to head the Republican Party.	0
1	Pediatricians Chide Bush on Child Health  A small but influential group of US pediatricians issued a sharply partisan statement Wednesday criticizing President Bush (news - web sites) #39;s track record on child health.	0
0	Anti-Kerry Ads Not Unfair, Laura Bush Says (Reuters)  Reuters - First lady Laura Bush said on Sunday that campaign advertisements accusing Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry of lying about his Vietnam War record were fair.	1
0	Sept. 11 Attacks Likely to Shape Bush Campaign (Reuters)  Reuters - George W. Bush's presidency was meandering along until the Sept. 11 attacks gave it a purpose, and his vigorous response drew world praise that fell apart over his invasion of Iraq.	0
1	Republicans take center stage in NY  NEW YORK Republicans gathered here Sunday for a nominating convention meant to emphasize the moderate side of President George W. Bush #39;s Republican Party even while using this city #39;s Sept.	0
0	Bush Still Optimistic About Iraq (AP)  AP - While a new intelligence estimate offers a gloomy assessment of Iraq's future, President Bush talks instead about brighter days ahead under a new prime minister and the promise of free elections. "Freedom is on the march," he told a campaign rally Thursday.	0
1	Bush taps EPA chief for Cabinet post  President George W. Bush tapped Mike Leavitt, chief of the Environmental Protection Agency, on Monday to be his next secretary of health and human services.	0
0	Arafat Stable, Militants Seek More Powers  Yasser Arafat is in a stable condition and not in a coma, an aide said on Sunday, while militants pressed for decision-making powers in a unified Palestinian leadership if the president dies.	2
0	Ashcroft, Evans Resign From Bush Cabinet (AP)  AP - Attorney General John Ashcroft, a fierce conservative who generated controversy with his tough tactics in the war on terror, and Commerce Secretary Don Evans, one of President Bush's closest friends, resigned Tuesday, the first members of the Cabinet to quit before the start of a second term.	0
0	Bush Slams Kerry on Iraq Funding Vote  SUNRISE, Fla. - President Bush on Saturday questioned Sen...	0
0	Poll: More Believe Bush Behind Attack Ads (AP)  AP - Americans increasingly believe President Bush's re-election campaign is behind the ads attacking Democrat John Kerry's Vietnam experience, a poll found.	0
0	Stage Set for Huge Anti-Bush March in New York (Reuters)  Reuters - They have protested naked, used pedal power, marched and rung bells in the days leading up to the Republican convention, but on Sunday political activists were expected to turn out in the hundreds of thousands to rally against President Bush's policies.	0
0	Yasser Arafat Pronounced Dead in Paris  Yasser Arafat, the man who embodied the cause of the Palestinian people for four decades, died at 3:30 a.m. Thursday at a hospital outside of Paris, according to Palestinian and hospital officials. He was 75.	2
2	Kerry campaign cheers Packers #39; victory  The Green Bay Packers #39; 28-14 win over Washington on Sunday was, of course, good news for Packers fans, but it was especially good news for Packers fans who support Sen. John Kerry.	1
3	US dollar declines despite Bush #39;s  quot;strong dollar quot; comments  NEW YORK, December 16 (newratings.com) - President Bush said yesterday that his government was committed to supporting the US dollar by tackling the countrys trade deficit issues.	0
0	Bush Plans to Withdraw Troops From Abroad (AP)  AP - President Bush's plan to call tens of thousands of U.S. troops home from Europe and Asia could gain him election-year applause from military families, but won't ease the strain on soldiers still battling violent factions in Iraq and Afghanistan.	0
0	Bush, Lawmakers Discuss Social Security (AP)  AP - President Bush sought support from congressional leaders of both parties Monday for his aggressive proposal to overhaul Social Security during his second term.	0
1	Arafat in coma as concerns increase over burial  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat remained in a coma Saturday at a French military hospital as concerns heightened over possibilities for his burial and the future of Palestinian leadership.	2
0	Bush Urges World to Unite With Iraq  UNITED NATIONS - President Bush, defending his decision to invade Iraq, urged a vast assembly of world leaders Tuesday to stand united with the country's struggling government and said the proper response to spreading violence "is not to retreat, it is to prevail."   The country's prime minister, Ayad Allawi, offered an upbeat assessment after Bush's speech to the General Assembly of the United Nations, saying, "We are winning, we are making progress in Iraq, we are defeating terrorists," even as insurgents claimed they had killed a second American hostage in two days.    Of the brutal slayings, Bush said, "We will not allow these thugs and terrorists to decide your fate and to decide our fate."   Yet in a sign of continuing world unease with the situation, U.N...	0
0	Middle East ; Abbas calls on Palestinians to end armed struggle  Middle East News, GAZA, Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas has called for his people to pursue negotiations instead of violence in the struggle for a state, marking out a change of strategy for peace with Israel after Yasser Arafat #39;s death.	2
1	stump ahead of final debate  WASHINGTON - Two days before their final debate, John Kerry promised to work for the middle class and energy independence while President Bush launched a foray to Western battleground states.	0 1
0	Bush Making Gains in Battleground States  WASHINGTON - President Bush has been solidifying his gains in states that once were dead heats, forcing both parties' campaigns to alter strategies as the electoral battleground shrinks. Democrat John Kerry is struggling to stay afloat in some hotly contested states, including Missouri, Wisconsin and Ohio, where polls show Bush pulling ahead...	0 1
0	Palestinian deputy en route to Paris  Senior deputies to the Palestinian leader, Yasser Arafat, who is critically ill in France, are due to fly to Paris today to get first-hand information on his condition.	2
1	Bush Picks Treasury Deputy Bodman for Energy Post (Update7)  Deputy Secretary of the US Treasury Samuel W. Bodman, former chairman of chemical-maker Cabot Corp., was nominated by President George W. Bush to be energy secretary.	0
1	If Iran goes nuclear ...  As recently as April, President Bush said it would be  quot;intolerable quot; for Iran to possess a nuclear weapon. Since then problems 	0
0	Lawsuit Uncovers New Bush Guard Records  WASHINGTON - President Bush ranked in the middle of his Air National Guard flight class and flew 336 hours in a fighter jet before letting his pilot status lapse and missing a key readiness drill in 1972, according to his flight records belatedly uncovered Tuesday under the Freedom of Information Act.    The Pentagon and Bush's campaign have claimed for months that all records detailing his fighter pilot career have been made public, but defense officials said they found two dozen new records detailing his training and flight logs after The Associated Press filed a lawsuit and submitted new requests under the public records law...	0
0	Barnes Upset About Helping Bush Avoid War (AP)  AP - Former Texas House Speaker Ben Barnes' recollections over how he helped President Bush get into the Texas Air National Guard during the Vietnam War have evolved over the years from fuzzy to distinct, with him now expressing remorse for what he did.	0
1	Arafat to go to France  After a confused 24 hours in which his aides described him as both close to death and near normal, Yasser Arafat bowed to the urging of his wife late yesterday and agreed to be flown to Paris for medical treatment.	2
1	Bush Ties Attack in Saudi Arabia to Iraqi Elections  President Bush tied yesterday #39;s deadly assault on a US consulate in Saudi Arabia to the upcoming elections in neighboring Iraq, depicting it as part of a broader campaign by Islamic extremists to drive Americans out of the Middle East.	0
0	The twin challenges in Palestine and other Arab countries  The Palestinian intifada marked the completion of its fourth consecutive year yesterday, and, not surprisingly, Palestinian street anger is directed these days at both the Israelis for their brutal occupation and at Yasser Arafat #39;s incompetent and often 	2
0	Sharon fights to overcome deadlock, expand coalition  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon renewed efforts yesterday to expand his embattled coalition government, declaring the current political deadlock untenable after his Gaza pullout plan suffered an embarrassing blow in parliament.	4
0	Kerry Targets Bush Economic Policy as 'Fiscal Mess' (Reuters)  Reuters - Sen. John Kerry said on Wednesday the United States needs to make the "right choices" on the economy, and faulted President Bush for blaming others and offering excuses for the White House's own failed economic policies.	0 1
0	Senators ask for Bush to rethink Iraq policies  Senators from both major US political parties urged the Bush administration to face the reality of the situation in Iraq and change its occupation policies.	0
1	Kerik #39;s nanny issue his latest blemish  WASHINGTON - President Bush readily accepted Bernard Kerik #39;s decision to withdraw his nomination as homeland security secretary after the White House concluded that it would be untenable for him to supervise the nation #39;s immigration laws if he had had 	0
0	Democrats to Probe Ohio Voting Problems (AP)  AP - The Democratic Party said Monday it will examine reports of voting problems in Ohio, where President Bush's victory clinched his re-election.	0
1	Palestinians set date for elections  Palestinian officials scheduled presidential elections for Jan. 9, pushing forward Sunday with steps to a secure a new leader after the death of Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Abbas Escapes Gaza Shooting Unharmed (AP)  AP - Mahmoud Abbas, the temporary successor to Yasser Arafat, escaped unharmed Sunday when militants firing assault rifles burst into a mourning tent for the deceased Palestinian leader, killing two security guards and wounding six other people.	2
0	Bush Tempers Expectations on Terror War  WASHINGTON - President Bush says staying the course in the war on terror will make the world safer for future generations, though he acknowledges an all-out victory against terrorism may not be possible.    In an interview on NBC-TV's "Today" show broadcast to coincide with Monday's start of the Republican National Convention in New York, Bush said retreating from the war on terror "would be a disaster for your children.'"  "You cannot show weakness in this world today because the enemy will exploit that weakness," he said...	0
1	Kerry fights off attacks in swing states  John Kerry has so far succeeded in fending off attacks on his Vietnam war record to stay level with George Bush in national popularity ratings - and ahead in most of the 20 swing states where the election will ultimately be decided, according to a poll 	1
1	Editorial: Arafat  Now that Yasser Arafat, suffering from an ailment serious enough to make his doctors worry for his life, is to be moved to a French hospital, there is an immense sense of relief not only among his people but around the world that this icon of Palestinian 	2
0	Israel eyes coordination of pullout  JERUSALEM -- Israel is prepared to coordinate its pullout from Gaza with a new Palestinian government, officials said yesterday, a shift from Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's concept of  quot;unilateral disengagement quot; and a sign that cooperation may be restored in the post-Arafat era.	4
1	Bush Adviser Lays Under Air Force One  McGUIRE AIR FORCE BASE, N.J. - Karl Rove laid himself on the line Monday for his boss, the president of the United States...	0
3	Tax Cuts Still Cornerstone of Bush Economic Plan  President Bush #39;s speech on Thursday to the Republican convention offers him a chance to seize the initiative in an economic debate that polls show is being won by his Democratic rival, John Kerry.	0 1
1	Bring it on! What to watch for in tonights crucial first debate  President Bush related, bio and Sen. John F. Kerry related, bio will go to war over Iraq tonight in their leadoff debate - a high-stakes showdown in steamy Florida that could radically recast the volatile 2004 race.	0
0	Sharon Invites Labor Party Into Coalition (AP)  AP - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on Friday invited the opposition Labor Party into the government, officials said, seeking to shore up his coalition as Israel's plans to pull out of the Gaza Strip move into high gear.	4
0	PLO chief calls again for end to armed intifada  Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas reiterated calls for his people to drop their weapons in the struggle for a state. a clear change of strategy for peace with Israel after Yasser Arafat #39;s death.	2
0	Israel Kills Top Hamas Rocket Maker in Gaza Strike  Israel killed the top bombmaker and rocket engineer of the Hamas militant group on Thursday in an airstrike in Gaza City, days before a key parliamentary vote on Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Gaza pullout plan.	4
3	Energy Secretary Abraham Plans to Resign   WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Energy Secretary Spencer  Abraham has told President Bush that he plans to resign but  will stay on until a successor is in place, an administration  official said on Monday.	0
1	Former US vice president Gore urges black voters to vote  Former US vice president Al Gore, campaigning for Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry, urged African-American voters in Florida on Sunday to go out to vote, saying every vote would be crucial.	1
3	Investors take comfort in Bush victory  Long before the concession speech and the victory address Wednesday, Wall Street celebrated President Bush #39;s re-election and the Republican Party #39;s continued control of Congress with a rally.	0
0	Arafat buried as Palestinians swarm his coffin (9:50 am)  Police firing wildly in the air failed to restore order as the tens of thousands of mourners rushed toward the coffin, struggling to be close to their charismatic leader - hailed as a Nobel peace laureate and branded a terrorist - for one final time.	2
1	Bush names new commerce secretary, expects to change economic team  US President George W. Bush on Monday chose Carlos Gutierrez as his new commerce secretary to succeed Donald Evans, who announced his resignation shortly after Bush won reelection early this month.	0
0	Palestinian groups position candidates for election  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip -- Militant groups behind many suicide bombings dismissed a call from interim Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas on Tuesday to halt attacks in the days leading up to a Jan. 9 election to replace Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Bush defends Iraq invasion and says UN should offer more help  UNITED NATIONS (CP) - President George W. Bush defended his Iraq invasion Tuesday in a speech to the United Nations as he called on the world body to do more to help the chaotic country and establish a fund to spread democracy elsewhere.	0
0	U.S. Envoy Urged Halliburton Subcontractor (AP)  AP - The U.S. ambassador to Kuwait demanded last year that Halliburton Co. retain a Kuwaiti subcontractor favored by Kuwait's government, an apparent contradiction of Bush administration assurances of a hands-off policy toward the company once headed by Dick Cheney.	0
0	Palestinians Head to Paris to Probe Arafat's Death   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian leaders plan to  send a delegation to Paris to seek details on what caused the  death of President Yasser Arafat last week at a French  hospital, officials said on Wednesday.	2
1	Kerry accuses Bush of silence on missing explosives, war cost  US Democratic candidate John Kerry on Tuesday accused President George W. Bush of not being straightforward with the American people with the reality of the Iraq war, saying the president was hiding bad decisions.	0 1
0	Edwards Faults Bush for Overtime Pay Cuts (Reuters)  Reuters - Vice presidential candidate John Edwards on Saturday assailed a new Bush administration policy that excludes millions of Americans from overtime pay and promised that the Democratic ticket would ensure that workers are rewarded for their efforts.	0
0	UN chief calls Iraq war illegal  UNITED NATIONS, New York The decision by President George W. Bush to go to war in Iraq was  quot;illegal quot; because it didn #39;t have UN Security Council approval, according to Secretary General Kofi Annan.	0
1	Ashcroft Accuses Judges of Micromanagement #39; of War on Terror  US Attorney General John Ashcroft accused judicial activists #39; #39; of micromanaging President George W. Bush #39;s war on terror, in a speech four days after a US court halted the military 	0
0	Palestinians meet, show solidarity  Senior Palestinian figures gathered at Yasser Arafat #39;s battered West Bank compound on Saturday to show that the Palestinian leadership was still functioning.	2
0	Memos: Bush Refused Order While in Guard  WASHINGTON - Addressing questions that have lingered for years, newly unearthed memos state that George W. Bush failed to meet standards of the Texas Air National Guard during the Vietnam war, that he refused a direct order and that his superiors were in a state of turmoil over how to evaluate his performance after he was suspended from flying...	0
1	Abbas faces rough road to win over Palestinians  The straw poll at Ibrahim Amin #39;s coffeehouse was nearly unanimous, and it did not bode well for the longtime deputy of Yasser Arafat who would now become his successor.	2
1	Security tightened in Paris for Arafat  France stepped up security Friday morning at a military hospital outside Paris where Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat will be taken for treatment.	2
1	New Poll Shows Bush and Kerry in Dead Heat  President Bush is now in a statistical dead heat with Democratic challenger Sen. John Kerry for the Nov. 2 election, in a tightening of the race after the first debate last week, a poll on Monday showed.	0 1
0	House OKs Bill on 9/11 Recommendations  WASHINGTON - House Republican leaders on Friday easily pushed through sweeping new law enforcement powers as part of a Sept. 11 anti-terrorism package, but the House now must negotiate a truce with the Senate on those measures to get President Bush's signature before the elections...	0
0	Sharon steps up efforts to form national unity govt  JERUSALEM: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon stepped up efforts on Friday to overcome resistance in the ranks of his right-wing Likud party to an enlarged government coalition with the centre-left Labour, ahead of a decisive party meeting.	4
0	Fate of Arafat: Murky Stories Grip the Air  Pakistan Times Executive Editor with PT Foreign Correspondent Fuad Rajab in Gaza City. PARIS (France): Palestinians at home and elsew here got upset by mystification of deviating stories about 	2
0	Powell Leans Toward Genocide Finding in Darfur (Reuters)  Reuters - Secretary of State Colin Powell is leaning toward a determination that the violence in the western Sudan region of Darfur constitutes genocide, Bush administration officials said on Wednesday.	0
0	Yasser Arafat, dead at 75.  HIS MISSION in life was embodied in a slogan: Death to Israel. Now death has claimed Yasser Arafat, president of the Palestinian National Authority, founder of the Palestinian Liberation Organization, Nobel 	2
0	Anger over 2000 election remains strong for Florida blacks (AFP)  AFP - Democratic campaigners are targeting Florida's black community, hoping to channel their anger over the 2000 electoral fiasco into a resolve to defeat President George W. Bush.	0
0	Protests Erupt in Chile in Advance of Bush's Arrival  Thousands of demonstrators took to the streets today to protest President Bush's presence at a weekend summit meeting that they accused of fostering economic inequality and exploitation.	0
0	Bush Begins Weeklong Stay at Texas Ranch (AP)  AP - President Bush and first lady Laura Bush are involved in a little he-said, she-said business here at the presidential ranch.	0
0	Third Presidential Debate a TV Rerun (AP)  AP - George Bush avoided scowling and John Kerry managed to crack a few more smiles.	1
0	Britain Pays Final Respects to Beheaded Hostage  British Prime Minister Tony Blair was among the hundreds of people that attended an emotional service for a man kidnapped and killed in Iraq.	3
1	UK troops to Baghdad warning  Tony Blair was last night accused of conspiring to use British troops in Iraq as a  quot;political gesture quot; to boost George Bush #39;s campaign in the US presidential elections.	3
0	Armitage begins South Asia visit  US Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage begins talks in Pakistan in his first visit to the region since Bush's win.	0
1	Third-Party Consideration  Let #39;s say you #39;re one of those millions of African-American voters still mourning the recent triumph of George W. Bush. Talk of a Republican revolution turns your stomach.	0
1	Kerry tactic: Split Iraq, terror issues  John Kerry yesterday returned to the war in Iraq in an effort to make President George W. Bush #39;s performance as commander in chief the central question confronting voters.	0 1
1	Blair wins motion on British troops in Iraq  The British Prime Minister, Tony Blair, has avoided a damaging blow at Labour #39;s annual conference when a motion urging him to set an early date for the withdrawal of British forces from Iraq was defeated.	3
0	Kerry: Bush Lets Groups Do 'Dirty Work'  BOSTON - John Kerry fought back Thursday against campaign allegations that he exaggerated his combat record in Vietnam, accusing President Bush of using a Republican front group "to do his dirty work" and challenging Bush to debate their wartime service records.   "Well, if he wants to have a debate about our service in Vietnam, here is my answer: Bring it on," said the Democratic presidential candidate, reviving an old war and campaign slogan amid strong urging from party leaders for him to respond to two-week-old GOP assertions...	0 1
0	Bush Campaign's Top Outside Lawyer Advised Veterans Group  Benjamin L. Ginsberg said the veterans attacking John Kerry's Vietnam War record asked for his help and that he agreed.	0 1
1	Kerry Spot  jim geraghty reporting   Stylistically, Kerry #39;s speech outlining his plans to fight terrorism Friday at Temple University was among the best of his campaign.	1
1	Qureia condemns Tel Aviv attack  Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia denounced Monday #39;s suicide attack in Tel Aviv, dismissing fears it might endanger Yasser Arafat #39;s return to Ramallah.	2
0	Rebuffed, Sharon goes on with Gaza plan  JERUSALEM, AUGUST 19: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon vowed on Thursday to press ahead with his Gaza pullout plan despite a humiliating rebuff from his own party of his bid to forge a coalition with the pro-withdrawal Labour Party. 	4
0	Polls: Bush, Kerry in Tight Race in 3 Key States (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush and Democratic rival John Kerry are in a dead head in Colorado while the president holds a slim lead in New Mexico and Wisconsin, according to USA Today/CNN/Gallup polls in battleground states released on Thursday.	0 1
1	Democrats draw first blood but Bush leads  AS THURSDAY nights presidential debate at the University of Miami came to an end, and after the rival candidates had shaken hands to congratulate one another, Senator John Kerry turned towards his wife Teresa and shook his fists in the air in triumph.	0
1	CBS revisits Bush #39;s Guard memos  The growing controversy over President Bush #39;s National Guard records, and whether some of the memos aired on CBS were fake, took another turn Wednesday night.	0
0	Bush, Kerry Hammer Each Other in Swing States (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush and Democrat John Kerry kept up the offensive in swing states on Saturday as the presidential race remained deadlocked in the polls with 10 days to go until Election Day.	0 1
1	Bush rides Marine One into Florida for rally  Playing political hardball, President Bush made a military landing on John Kerry #39;s own turf Saturday -- riding Marine One into the winter ballpark of his opponent #39;s hometown team.	0 1
0	Smaller Protests Hit Streets of New York (AP)  AP - A day after massive street demonstrations, smaller groups of protesters turned Monday to health care, civil rights and economics  #151; areas where they say President Bush and the Republicans convening in Madison Square Garden have failed the country.	0
1	Economy steady but job growth moderate  Job creation improved in August, but employment is below 50-year average, giving fodder to Kerry and Bush. By Ron Scherer  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.	0 1
0	Egypt Holds Arafat #39;s Funeral; Bush Discusses Mideast (Update1)  Egypt is holding a military funeral today for Yasser Arafat as US President George W. Bush and UK Prime Minister Tony Blair discuss the status of the Middle East peace process after the Palestinian leader #39;s death.	0 2 3
0	Sharon Allows 1,000 More Settler Homes in West Bank  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, facing a party mutiny over his plan to quit the Gaza Strip, has approved 1,000 more Israeli settler homes in the West Bank in a move that drew a cautious response on Tuesday from ...	4
0	Kerry Sees Debate as Chance to Shed 'Flip-Flop' Label  Senator John Kerry conceded today that the Bush campaign had been "particularly successful" in portraying him as wobbly.	1
3	Facts on Stem Cells  This summer marks the third anniversary of President Bush #39;s announcement of his policy on stem cell research. In the intervening years, the subject has become a polarizing flash point for American politics and a focal point for the presidential campaign.	0
0	Arafat #39;s health reportedly deteriorating  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s health reportedly deteriorated Wednesday night, the BBC reported. Arafat has been under treatment at a Paris military hospital for an undisclosed 	2
0	Bush said ready to lift Libya sanctions  WASHINGTON -- President Bush has decided to lift sanctions against Libya, which he expects to trigger the release of more than  $1 billion to families of PanAm Flight 103 victims, a senior administration official said yesterday.	0
1	Bush in another Florida bus trip; continues anti-Kerry barrage on <b>...</b>  ST. PETE BEACH, Fla. President Bush is stumping in Florida again today -- as he batters John Kerry on Iraq. The president has another bus trip in the state -- his second in four days -- beginning this morning in St.	0 1
1	Kerry blasts Bush on Social Security  Accusing President Bush of plotting a  quot;January surprise quot; to cut Social Security benefits, Sen. John Kerry told voters here and in Ohio on Sunday that Bush #39;s 	0 1
0	Bush Hopes N.J. Hears His Terror Message  WASHINGTON - President Bush is telling voters in New Jersey - a state that hasn't backed a Republican presidential candidate since 1988 - that his battle plan for fighting terrorists is better than Democrat John Kerry's.    With a little more than two weeks before Election Day, the president was campaigning on Monday in New Jersey, a state in the shadow of the Manhattan skyline that was scarred by terrorists on Sept...	0 1
1	9/11 entrenched in political landscape  Is the US safer now? Is Iraq part of the war on terror? Bush, Kerry regularly clash on the topic. By Elizabeth Wolfe. Washington - In the first presidential election since the Sept.	1
1	Anti-Gay Groups Blast Cheney  NEW YORKAnti-gay groups are furious over Vice President Dick Cheney #39;s seeming dismissal of a federal ban on gay marriage, especially because President Bush himself has gone on record supporting such a ban.	0
0	Protesters clash with police as APEC meet starts  Top ministers from 21 economies ringing the Pacific Ocean gathered in Chile to convene high-level talks on free trade and global security as university students clashed with police to protest the summit and weekend visit of US President George W. Bush.	0
0	New Book on Bush by Tabloid Biographer Raises Storm (Reuters)  Reuters - As if the 2004 campaign for the presidency has not been dirty enough -- get ready for a 700-page book by America's most famous tabloid biographer that alleges illegal drug use and other youthful misdeeds by President Bush.	0
1	Bush Debates Robin Cook in St. Louis  The following is a partial transcript of the second presidential debate between President Bush (R) and Sen. John F. Kerry (D). The debate was held in Washington University in St.	0
0	Britain to Tighten Anti-Terror Laws  LONDON, November 21 (IslamOnline.net  amp; News Agencies) - Britain will adopt a set of tightened anti-terror laws in case Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s Labor Party wins the general elections, due next year, the home secretary said on Sunday, November 21.	3
1	Arafats Succession: The Transition of Power  Yasser Arafat #39;s death raises considerable speculation about who will ultimately succeed him as leader. On paper, the Palestinian transition of power is quite clear: the speaker of the parliament - Rawhi Fattouh - temporarily becomes president.	2
1	Bush #39;s address to UN not expected to get big response  Just seven weeks before Election Day, President Bush addresses the United Nations on Tuesday seeking the international community #39;s help in Iraq for the third time in two years.	0
0	Israel Palestinian State Shelved with US Blessing  Israel #39;s plan to withdraw from some occupied land aims to rule out a Palestinian state indefinitely, with full US approval, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s chief of staff said on Wednesday.	4
0	CBS Apologizes Over Bush Guard Duty Memos  NEW YORK - CBS News apologized Monday for a "mistake in judgment" in its story questioning President Bush's National Guard service, claiming it was misled by the source of documents that several experts have dismissed as fakes.    The network said it would appoint an independent panel to look at its reporting about the memos...	0
0	Kerry: Bush Wrong on U.S. Economy as Well as Iraq (Reuters)  Reuters - Democratic challenger John Kerry pivoted from the contentious debate over Iraq to bread-and-butter issues Saturday and accused President Bush of "serious misjudgments" on the economy as well as the war.	0 1
1	After Arafat, peace has chance  It is uncertain just how history ultimately will judge Yasser Arafat, the erratic but charismatic Palestinian leader who died this week in Paris at age 75.	2
0	Bush Announces Plan for Troop Realignment  WASHINGTON - President Bush's plan to restructure U.S. military forces abroad includes bringing two Army divisions home from Cold War-era bases in Germany, and increasing the U.S...	0
0	UK Prime Minister Blair Warmly #39; Congratulates President Bush  UK Prime Minister Tony Blair said he warmly congratulated #39; #39; US President George W. Bush on winning a second term, and urged him to revitalize the Middle East peace process.	0 3
0	Some 2004 Presidential Endorsements (AP)  AP - Newspaper endorsements in the 2004 presidential campaign between President Bush, a Republican, and Sen. John Kerry, a Democrat.	0 1
0	Congress OKs  $136B Corporate Tax-Cut Bill  WASHINGTON - The Senate shipped President Bush a wide-ranging  $136 billion corporate tax-cut bill and a disaster aid package on Monday, letting lawmakers head home for the finale of the presidential and congressional campaigns.    Florida, a vote-rich prize that both parties covet, will be chief beneficiary of the  $14.5 billion disaster measure as the state rebuilds from a battering by four recent hurricanes...	0
0	Bush Says He's Best Protection From Draft  DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. - President Bush turned the tables Saturday on Sen...	0
3	Senate OKs business tax breaks  The Senate gave final approval yesterday to the most significant corporate tax legislation in nearly 20 years, sending President Bush a 650-page measure that closes egregious tax loopholes, reduces taxes for domestic producers, and doles out tax breaks for interests ranging from tackle box makers to native Alaskan whaling captains.	0
1	Rice likely pick as Powell #39;s successor  National security adviser Condoleezza Rice is President Bush #39;s choice to succeed Secretary of State Colin Powell, two senior administration officials tell CNN.	0
0	Sharon Battles to Save Government from Collapse   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Reeling from a parliamentary defeat,  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon prepared Thursday to open  coalition talks to save his shattered government and avoid  early elections that could stall his Gaza withdrawal plan.	4
0	Bush: WMD Report Bolsters War Decision  President Bush said today that he was right to order the invasion of Iraq last year despite a new report by his chief U.S. weapons inspector that shows the country did not possess the weapons of mass destruction that were the original rationale for the war.	0
0	UK's Blair Challenged to Tally Iraq War Dead   LONDON (Reuters) - British diplomats and peers joined  scientists and churchmen on Wednesday to urge Prime Minister  Tony Blair to publish a death toll in the U.S.-led war in Iraq.	3
1	Blair admits Iraq intelligence flawed  TONY JONES: British Prime Minister Tony Blair has admitted at the Labour Party conference in Brighton he was wrong about Iraq #39;s weapons of mass destruction.	3
0	Police clash with anti-APEC protesters  Chilean police clashed for a second day with protesters against the upcoming APEC summit, and the weekend arrival of US President George W. Bush.	0
0	Blair prepared to cut troop numbers in Northern Ireland  Tony Blair will press ahead with scaling down the army presence in Northern Ireland even if there is no deal between the Ulster parties at this week #39;s talks in Kent aimed at restoring devolution in the Province.	3
1	Assassination fears as gunshots disrupt Arafat mourning  TWO Palestinian security officers were killed yesterday and five others injured when militants opened fire as PLO leader Mahmoud Abbas arrived at a mourning ceremony for Yassir Arafat in Gaza, sparking fears that the succession race could descend into 	2
1	New Yorker Endorses Kerry for President (AP)  AP - The New Yorker has made the first political endorsement in its 80-year history, backing Sen. John Kerry in next week's presidential election.	1
0	Bush Says Social Security Plan Would Reassure Markets  President Bush continued to lay the groundwork for a strong effort by the White House to overhaul Social Security.	0
1	Ridge resigns from post at Homeland Security Department  Tom Ridge resigned Tuesday as Secretary of the Homeland Security Department, becoming the seventh member of President Bush #39;s Cabinet to leave the administration since his re-election four weeks ago.	0
1	US, Pakistan pledges closer anti-terror cooperation  US President George W. Bush and his Pakistani counterpart Pervez Musharraf promised here on Wednesday to strengthen cooperation in the war on terror and in the areas of trade and economy.	0
1	Bush sending a message  By nominating National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice to become secretary of state and White House Counsel Alberto Gonzales to become attorney general, President Bush is sending a clear message.	0
1	The education nominee first impressed President Bush in the late  #39; <b>...</b>  Margaret Spellings, who was nominated Wednesday as secretary of education, arrived from Texas four years ago as a divorced single mother and member of President Bush #39;s inner circle.	0
3	Whose Plan Is Better?  From jobs to taxes to health care, Bush and Kerry are making lots of promises. TIME crunches the numbers for you	0 1
1	2 camps gird for tonight #39;s big debate  President Bush and Senator John F. Kerry will step into an auditorium on the campus of the University of Miami tonight 	0
1	Yasser Arafats Health Deteriorates Further  Paris, Nov. 4 (NNN): Palestinian officials have said that ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s health has deteriorated further.	2
0	Crucial vote looms on Israel #39;s Gaza withdrawal  Ariel Sharon was today preparing for a crucial vote in the Israeli parliament on his plan to close all Jewish settlements in the occupied Gaza Strip.	4
0	Arafat memorial important - Mbeki  Describing Yasser Arafat as one of the giants of the twentieth century, SA president Thabo Mbeki said it was important for him to be at his memorial service in Cairo on Friday.	2
1	When the Johnnys Came Marching Home  ohn O #39;Neill, a leader of Swift Boat Veterans for Truth, and John Kerry have known, and antagonized, each other for more than 30 years.	1
0	Bush Lobbies Asian Allies on North Korea   SANTIAGO (Reuters) - President Bush sought help on Saturday  from Chinese President Hu Jintao and other key allies at an  Asia-Pacific summit on getting North Korea to return to stalled  talks over its nuclear weapons program.	0
0	FACTBOX-Key Campaign Positions of Bush and Kerry (Reuters)  Reuters - These are the positions of Republican President Bush and his Democratic challenger, Sen. John Kerry of Massachusetts, on some of the central issues that have dominated the 2004 presidential campaign:	0 1
0	Two Elections Under the Shadow of Fallujah and Arafat  The Middle East is entering a historic process. Iraq under US occupation, and Palestine under Israeli occupation will hold two critical elections in January (if they are not postponed).	2
1	Kerry claims Bush bowed to gun lobby over ban  As a ban on assault weapons expired yesterday, John Kerry accused President George Bush of caving in to the powerful gun lobby and not fighting for an extension of the ban.	0 1
0	Gaza Violence Dents Hopes of Middle East Peace   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  said on Monday that any peace talks with Palestinian leaders  depended on whether they could rein in militants, who killed  five Israeli soldiers in Gaza in an attack on Sunday.	4
0	Kerry campaign blasts Bush on Iran (AFP)  AFP - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry's campaign blasted the Bush administration for  quot;another national security failure quot; on Iran's nuclear program and urged that Tehran be threatened with tougher sanctions.	0 1
0	Middle East concern over Bush victory  As US President George Bush headed for a second term in office, the American election produced mixed reactions in the Middle East.	0
1	Speculation begins on other exits and who Bush might tap  President Bush #39;s expected Cabinet shake-up began in earnest Tuesday with the resignation of controversial US Attorney General John Ashcroft and longtime Texas friend Don Evans, the commerce secretary.	0
1	Bush pushes new agenda  President Bush yesterday said his re-election proved that Americans have  quot;embraced quot; his conservative worldview, which he plans to enact through an ambitious second-term agenda.	0
0	Bush to deliver major speech as he seeks to recapture campaign momentum (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush will head for Pennsylvania to deliver a major speech on terrorism and other crucial issues in a bid to bolster his reelection campaign after a heated debate between Vice President Dick Cheney and Democratic rival John Edwards.	0
0	Bush Holds Two-Point Lead Over Kerry: Reuters Poll (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush holds a slim two-point lead on Democratic rival John Kerry in the stretch run of a tight race for the White House, according to a Reuters/Zogby poll released on Friday.	0 1
0	British FM pledges support for Palestinian vote (AFP)  AFP - Britain's Foreign Secretary Jack Straw pledged full support for the Palestinian election to find a successor to Yasser Arafat after paying homage to the veteran leader at his graveside.	2
1	Israel Pushes Gaza Offensive, Faces Vote on Pullout  An explosion killed a Palestinian in Gaza on Sunday, the 11th day of an Israeli offensive against militants Prime Minister Ariel Sharon hopes will defuse internal resistance 	4
0	Senate Approves Goss As Head of CIA  WASHINGTON - The Republican-led Senate approved President Bush's choice to head the CIA, Rep. Porter Goss, over protests from some Democrats who said he has too many Republican ties for a job that requires independence...	0
1	Actor Fox Films Campaign Ad for Kerry (AP)  AP - Actor Michael J. Fox is returning to TV  #151; in a commercial praising Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry for his stance on stem cell research.	1
1	UK #39;s Blair Urges Labor to Unite After Split on Iraq (Update2)  UK Prime Minister Tony Blair, apologizing for wrong #39; #39; intelligence used to justify the invasion of Iraq, urged his Labour Party to set aside differences over the war as it prepares to campaign for an unprecedented third term.	3
0	Kuwaitis happy with Bush win  President George W. Bush was the first US president to call for an independent Palestinian state and has pledged that his administration, unlike its predecessors, won #39;t shore up Arab dictators.	0
1	Flap over Cheney #39;s daughter  Sen. John Kerry #39;s mention Wednesday of Vice President Dick Cheney #39;s lesbian daughter drew rebukes from the Bush campaign yesterday and strongly mixed reactions from gays and lesbians.	1
1	Gaza pullback  #39;to freeze peace process #39;  ISRAELS plan for a unilateral withdrawal from the Gaza Strip is intended to freeze the peace process and block the emergence of a Palestinian state, the top adviser to the prime minister, Ariel Sharon, said yesterday.	4
0	Kerry: Greenspan Warning Is Wake-Up Call (AP)  AP - Democrat John Kerry's presidential campaign said Friday that Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan's warning of a looming crisis for Social Security and Medicare should be a wake-up call that President Bush's economic policies have failed.	0 1
1	Blair hails positive end to Turkey accession talks  Tony Blair has hailed the deal to begin accession talks with Turkey as  quot;an immensely significant day for Europe quot;. As he left the summit, he said the agreement showed that the fact that Turkey is a Muslim 	3
0	Bush Surveys Damage in Florida as Toll Is Expected to Mount  Hurricane Charley - one of the most powerful storms in the nation's history - caused at least  $20 billion in damage in Florida alone.	0
3	Report Finds Drawbacks to Tax Reform  President Bush has vowed to make tax reform a centerpiece of a second term, but Treasury economists warned in 2002 that simplification of the nation's tax system would likely lower taxes for the rich and could have devastating political consequences for its champions.	0
1	Kerry Faults Bush for WTO Sanctions Threat  Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry on Tuesday accused the Bush administration of failing to protect American jobs from unfair foreign competition after the World 	1
0	N. Korea voices doubt over nuclear talks  SEOUL, South Korea -- North Korea doesn #39;t expect six-nation talks on its nuclear weapons program to resume anytime soon under a second-term administration of President Bush, a top communist envoy said in a report published Friday.	0
1	Europe Seeks New Accords With US to Address Global Warming  The European Union is seeking new agreements with the US to slow climate change apart from the Kyoto Protocol that President George W. Bush withdrew from.	0
3	Protests expected as Bush meets Asian leaders  President Bush left Friday from his Texas ranch on his first post-election international trip -- to the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation forum in Chile.	0
1	Bush signs biggest US intelligence overhaul  US President George W. Bush on Friday signed into law the biggest US intelligence overhaul in more than 50 years, including the creation of a new national intelligence chief to oversee the country #39;s spy network.	0
0	Ground Zero Suicide Inspired by Election (AP)  AP - A 25-year-old man from Georgia who was apparently distraught over President Bush's re-election shot and killed himself at ground zero. Andrew Veal's body was found Saturday morning inside the off-limits site, said Steve Coleman, a spokesman for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. A shotgun was found nearby, but no suicide note was found, Coleman said.	0
0	Israeli Arabs march in symbolic Arafat funeral  Several thousand Israeli Arabs have marched through the streets of Nazareth in a symbolic funeral for Palestinian president Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Israel's Sharon Fires Ministers, Shatters Coalition   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  sacked his main coalition partner on Wednesday after a  humiliating parliamentary defeat that left him scrambling to  avoid early elections and save his Gaza withdrawal plan.	4
0	Likud Panel Backs Sharon #39;s Plan for Coalition Government  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon won an important victory within his party today that greatly improves the likelihood his faltering government will survive and proceed with a plan 	4
1	Early results favor Howard in Australia  Australian Prime Minister John Howard #39;s governing Liberal Party took a slight lead in nationwide elections Saturday, according to initial results, an early sign that one of President Bush #39;s most ardent allies in the Iraq war may 	0
1	American Musicians Go on Tour to Support Democratic Presidential <b>...</b>  Some of America #39;s best known musicians have come together to headline concerts aimed at getting people to vote for Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry.	1
1	GLOBES NOT  GOLDEN FOR  MEL, MOORE (PageSix)  PageSix - First, President Bush won re-election; now, "Fahrenheit 9/11" is out of the running for a Golden Globe award.	0
0	Cheney Rejects Kerry Criticism on Iraq (AP)  AP - Accusing John Kerry of playing an "armchair general," Vice President Dick Cheney on Tuesday rejected the Democrat's criticism of the loss of hundreds of tons of explosives in Iraq, saying toppling Saddam Hussein took thousands of times that amount of potentially dangerous material out of the former dictator's hands.	1
0	Only Arafat Family Can Get Medical Dossier -France  French Foreign Minister Michel Barnier said on Tuesday France would release Yasser Arafat #39;s medical dossier only to his family, despite a request for details by Palestinian leaders.	2
0	Labour delegates force Iraq vote  Iraq is chosen for a vote at Labour conference but Tony Blair says he will not apologise for the war.	3
0	AP Poll: Kerry Holds Small Lead Over Bush  WASHINGTON - Sen. John Kerry has taken a slim lead over President Bush, according to an Associated Press poll that shows the president's support tumbling on personal qualities, the war in Iraq and the commander in chief's bedrock campaign issue - national security...	0 1
0	British hostage in Iraq dead: Report  Ken Bigley, a British hostage kidnapped in Baghdad 22 days ago, has been killed, Sky News television reported on Friday, quoting sources in Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s office.	3
1	Bush vows pension fund shake-up  US President George W Bush has vowed to push through big reforms to the Social Security programme in his next term.  quot;Now is the time to work together to confront the problem... the crisis is now, quot; he told 	0
0	Sharon backs Blair #39;s London summit plan  The Israeli prime minister, Ariel Sharon, has thrown his weight behind Tony Blair #39;s plans for a London-based Middle East conference early next year, sending him a letter of support.	3 4
1	Ashcroft blasts judges  Departing Attorney General John Ashcroft on Friday lashed out at federal judges who have dealt setbacks to President George W. Bush #39;s anti-terrorism and wartime policies, accusing them of  quot;invasive oversight and micromanagement.	0
1	GOP strategy: It #39;s about values, stupid  Two years ago, the strategists of President Bush #39;s re-election campaign had a theory that the 2004 race would not be determined by such familiar polling measures as what percent 	0
0	First Lady to Hail Bush on His Leadership  NEW YORK - Republican National Convention co-stars Laura Bush and Arnold Schwarzenegger commended President Bush to the country Tuesday for four more years in office, praising him for unflinching leadership in a time of national testing. "I am so proud of the way George has led our country with strength and conviction" in the war on terror, the first lady planned to say...	0
0	Bush Vaults From RNC to Campaign Trail (AP)  AP - Fired up after his convention, President Bush raced through three states he lost in 2000, on a drive Friday to spur his backers to the polls in November. "It's a time for choosing," Bush said.	0
0	Kerry Lesbian Remark Angers Cheneys  WASHINGTON - Mary Cheney typically works quietly behind the scenes on her father's vice presidential campaign, but she was dragged front-and-center after John Kerry noted that she is a lesbian during his debate with President Bush.    Her parents were furious at Kerry...	0 1
1	British novelist lashes Bush as "universally hated" bully (AFP)  AFP - British spy novelist John Le Carre branded US President George W. Bush as America's most  quot;universally hated quot; leader and urged voters to kick him out of office next month.	0
0	Summary: Rice, Bush Have Good Relationship (AP)  AP - STANCE: Condoleezza Rice has been both protege and mentor to President Bush in his first four years in the White House and has never indicated publicly any difference in view with him.	0
1	Film Review: Bush #39;s Brain  LOS ANGELES (Hollywood Reporter) - Whatever the present Bush administration has done or not done to the nation #39;s credibility abroad and political divisions at home, it has apparently done a world of good for documentarians. 	0
3	We want Kerry  It signalled this in no uncertain terms when oil prices fell below US $50 ( $83) mark on Monday. US light crude dipped to US $49 at one point before ending at US $49.	1
0	Democracy campaigner enters race  A PALESTINIAN democracy activist who has campaigned for non-violent resistance to Israeli occupation said today he would run for president to succeed Yasser Arafat.	2
1	Campaign 2004: Month-by-Month  President Bush #39;s approval rating stands at 56 percent. Job losses since he took office reach 2.2 million. Former Vermont Gov. Howard Dean is the front-runner for the Democratic nomination.	0
0	Terms of Endearment    Seems that the Bush administration, unlike previous White Houses, is not necessarily averse to allowing its ambassadors to have second tours. For example, word is that    John     Thomas "Tom    " Schieffer , the Texas oilman who brought    President Bush  into the Texas Rangers baseball club partnership and who is now ambassador to Australia, is to hang out in the Pacific a while longer, this time as ambassador to Japan.	0
0	Bush, Kerry Economic Budgets Exceed  $1T  WASHINGTON - President Bush and Democratic Sen. John Kerry have starkly different economic priorities with a common thread: price tags exceeding  $1 trillion that could pump already huge deficits skyward over the next decade...	0 1
1	McCain Urges Florida Court to Allow Nader on State Ballot  Senator John McCain, the maverick Arizona Republican who has lately emerged as a strong supporter of President Bush, called Thursday for the Florida Supreme Court 	0
0	Details of Congress'  #36;388B Bill to Bush (AP)  AP - Congress sent President Bush a  #36;388 billion legislative package Tuesday that covers the spending of every federal agency but the Pentagon and Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year that began Oct. 1.	0
0	BUSH SEEKS FUNDS FOR COLOMBIA  US President George W. Bush has vowed to seek more funding for a sweeping plan to battle cocaine production and defeat heavily armed rebels in Colombia.	0
1	At UN, Bush still finds his Iraq plan hard to sell  Despite an appearance at the United Nations that was friendlier and more optimistic than any of his previous speeches to the world body 	0
1	Explosion Rips Israeli Checkpoint  (Gaza City, Gaza Strip-AP, December 12, 2004 ) - A top aide to Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon says four Israelis are dead following an explosion at a checkpoint on the border of Gaza and Egypt.	4
0	Polls Suggest a Double-Digit Bush Lead  AKRON, Ohio - President Bush and John Kerry battled over the economy and jobs in a small corner of the campaign's most fiercely contested state Saturday as polls showed a post-convention surge for the Republican in the White House.    Late Saturday, Teresa Heinz Kerry, the wife of the Democratic presidential candidate, was taken to a hospital in Mason City, Iowa, after complaining of an upset stomach, a spokeswoman said...	0 1
0	Arafat improving, no cancer say officials  PARIS, Nov 1 (AFP) - Palestinian officials on Monday voiced optimism about the health of their ailing leader Yasser Arafat, saying he was in stable condition and had shown  quot;clear improvement quot;.	2
0	Israeli coalition partner to quit over Gaza withdrawal  Israel #39;s pro-settler National Religious Party (NRP) decided to resign from Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s coalition government after Sharon refused to put his disengagement plan to a national referendum.	4
0	Bush hopes for 2005 visit to India (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush, paying a visit to India's embassy here in a show of respect for victims of the tsunami disaster, said he hoped to travel to India in 2005.	0
0	Labour, Likud agree on unity government, eight Palestinians killed <b>...</b>  JERUSALEM (AFP) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Likud party and the opposition Labour agreed to form a national unity government, while at least eight Palestinians were killed during an Israeli army incursion in southern Gaza.	4
2	Bush Urges 'Strong Steps' on Steroid Issue (AP)  AP - President Bush urged Major League Baseball on Wednesday to take "strong steps" to confront the use of steroids and other illegal performance-enhancing substances by players.	0
0	Bush, Kerry Clash Over Latest Jobs Report  President Bush hailed a slight decline in unemployment Friday as reason for his re-election, evidence the "economy is strong and getting stronger." Not so, said Sen. John Kerry, countering that the administration's term will end with a net loss of jobs...	0 1
1	Bush proud of service in Texas Guard  President Bush expressed pride Tuesday in his Vietnam-era service with the Texas Air National Guard without addressing controversy over documents that raise questions about his record 	0
1	White House tries to ease concerns of US troops  President Bush and top military commanders scrambled Thursday to contain the political damage from Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld #39;s contentious meeting 	0
0	Moves toward moderation in Mideast  One month after Yasser Arafat #39;s death, realignments on both sides of the Palestinian-Israeli divide are raising fragile hopes for a mutual retreat from four years of fighting.	2
0	End the Genocide Now  Seldom has the gulf between diplomatic talk and effective action been as stark as it was this week at the United Nations. Yesterday President Bush, speaking before the 	0
0	Kerry Links Iraq War, U.S. Economic Woes  WASHINGTON - Democrat John Kerry sought to link the Iraq war to U.S. economic woes on Wednesday, calling President Bush's move against Baghdad a "catastrophic choice" that so far has drained  $200 billion in needed resources at home...	0 1
0	Bush Hopes to Make Tax Cuts Permanent (AP)  AP - Buoyed by a clear-cut election victory, President Bush is pledging to make permanent the sweeping tax cuts of his first term and to simplify the nation's tax laws.	0
0	Row over Arafat #39;s medical file  Paris - A family tug-of-war over whether to reveal Yasser Arafat #39;s cause of death bubbled over in public on Saturday, with a brother of the late leader insisting the Palestinian people are entitled to know.	2
1	Liebermn may join the Bush cabinet  Monday morning #39;s Washington Post is citing two anonymous sources saying senator Joe Lieberman is the front runner for the Secretary of Homeland Security job as President Bush looks to fill out his cabinet for a second term.	0
0	Kerry to Appear on Letterman on Monday  WASHINGTON - Sen. John Kerry will probably avoid the "Will it Float?" routine but might opt to deliver the "Top 10 List" when he appears on the "The Late Show with David Letterman" on Monday...	1
0	Palestinian Leader Contests Annexing Talk (AP)  AP - Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas, the leading contender to succeed Yasser Arafat, said Friday that Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's hope of annexing West Bank settlements and keeping all of Jerusalem in a final peace deal is a disaster that could torpedo efforts to restart peace talks.	2 4
1	Bush tells Marines they #39;ll  #39;come home with honor #39; from Iraq  In a somber address on the 63rd anniversary of Pearl Harbor, President Bush on Tuesday thanked Marines for their service and promised they and their colleagues in 	0
0	Mixed Results for Bush in Battles Over Judges  After more than three years of appointment battles, President Bush's ambitions for the courts are clear, but his record is mixed.	0
1	New national security adviser is quiet pro  President Bush on Tuesday named an unassuming foreign-policy veteran from South Euclid to succeed Condoleezza Rice as his national security adviser.	0
1	Bush, Kerry Sweep Through Vote-Rich States on Last Day of US <b>...</b>  In the last hours before the US election Tuesday, President Bush and his Democratic challenger, Sen. John Kerry, are campaigning hard for voters #39; support in populous states where the race is most closely contested.	0 1
0	Arafat Dead, Say Palestinian Sources Amid Confusion   PARIS (Reuters) - The fate of Yasser Arafat was mired in  confusion on Tuesday as Palestinian officials insisted in  public he was clinging to life even as aides said privately the  veteran leader had died at a Paris hospital.	2
3	Labor under fire  Nearly six weeks after its efforts to unseat President Bush failed, the American labor movement is anxiously awaiting a federal decision that could seriously impede union organizing.	0
0	Reaching out, Bush hews to stance  When President Bush walked into Halifax #39;s Pier 21 on Wednesday, the stage was literally set for him to usher in a new era of partnership 	0
0	Sharon: Israel Will Expand Gaza Offensive  JEBALIYA REFUGEE CAMP, Gaza Strip - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon vowed Sunday to expand Israel's deadliest offensive in Gaza in four years and to stay as long as needed to stop Palestinian rocket fire as renewed attacks from the air and on the ground killed seven more Palestinians.    The latest killings brought the Palestinian death toll to 59 since Thursday...	4
1	Voters Confused, Statements Harsh  With a little less than two weeks left before the US presidential elections, public polls are in high gear. Republican President George W. Bush seems to be in the lead against Democratic rival Senator John F. Kerry according to the latest polls.	0
1	Kerry comparison of terrorism to crime draws fire  Republicans tried to raise fresh doubts about John F. Kerry #39;s commitment to fighting terrorism, citing an interview published Sunday in which the Democratic nominee compared the anti 	1
1	Kerry blasts  #39;catastrophic course #39; in Iraq  Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry said President Bush #39;s  #39; #39;catastrophic choice #39; #39; on Iraq cost US taxpayers  $200 billion that could have been spent on security, education, health care and job creation at home.	0 1
1	Kerry Blasts Bush for North Korea, Homeland Security  Democratic presidential candidate Senator John Kerry has leveled strong criticism against President Bush over North Korea and homeland security.	0 1
0	No referendum on disengagement plan: Sharon  Brushing aside mounting pressures for a nationwide referendum on his disengagement plan, a defiant Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon ruled out any such possibility along with calls for new elections.	4
1	Bush, Blair pledge new effort for Mideast peace  As Yasser Arafat was buried, President Bush raised hopes yesterday for a Middle East peace and the creation of an independent Palestinian state within four years, suggesting that years of distrust and frustration could be altered by the change of 	0 2
0	Israel to present PA with  #39;good will #39; steps in coming days  Israel will respond with a series of positive gestures if the successors to Palestinian Authority Chairman Yasser Arafat will implement security reforms and a  quot;real quot; cease-fire felt on the ground in the territories, Israeli security and diplomatic sources 	2
0	Edwards Accuses Bush of Failed Leadership (AP)  AP - Democratic vice presidential candidate John Edwards said Monday the Bush administration's military actions in Iraq and Afghanistan have alienated allies and increased the threat from terrorism instead of reducing it.	0
3	Bush Pledges to Address Weak Dollar, Cites Fed  President Bush said on Wednesday a renewed drive to cut US budget deficits should help the weak dollar and that Tuesday #39;s Federal Reserve interest-rate hike showed Alan 	0
0	Delegates, Protesters Descend on New York  NEW YORK - Abortion-rights protesters and the first Republican delegates descended on President Bush's heavily fortified convention city Saturday as campaign officials said their boss would use the nomination spotlight to defend his hawkish foreign polices and offer a second-term agenda for health care, education and job training.   "He believes it's important for a candidate to talk about what he's done and, most important, where he wants to lead," said adviser Karen Hughes, aboard Bush's campaign bus in Ohio...	0
1	KERRY PUTS ON THE GLOVES  A war of words has erupted over US presidential candidate John Kerry #39;s record in the Vietnam War. Democrat Kerry has unveiled a new advert calling on President Bush to abandon  quot;smears quot; against his war record.	0 1
0	Analysis: 8 States May Decide Election  WASHINGTON - Eight states worth just 99 electoral votes are up for grabs in the closely fought presidential race, with the White House going to whoever conquers this shrinking battlefield.    While another dozen states could come into play if either candidate breaks open the race, President Bush and Democratic Sen...	0
1	5 days to go, candidates continue their trek  With less than a week to go until Americans head to the polls, the candidates continue their trek through the swing states. For the second day, President Bush is campaigning in Michigan, Ohio, and Pennsylvania.	0
0	Arafat #39;s condition improving but futher tests needed, say <b>...</b>  CLAMART, France - Having ruled out leukemia, French doctors were trying for a second day Sunday to determine what ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is suffering from, his aides said.	2
1	Michael J Fox makes Kerry advert  Actor Michael J Fox is returning to television to appear in an advert backing the John Kerry presidential campaign.	1
1	Bush and Kerry, the Day After  The victorious President sees America  quot;entering a season of hope. quot; The vanquished Democrat sees a nation  quot;in need of unity quot;.	0 1
1	Sharon to present his Gaza withdrawal plan to parliament on <b>...</b>  JERUSALEM Prime Minister Ariel Sharon says later this month he #39;ll give Israel #39;s parliament his plan to withdraw from some occupied territories.	4
1	President OKs overhaul of corporate tax law  President Bush yesterday signed into law the most sweeping changes to the corporate tax code in nearly two decades. The bill creates roughly  $140 billion in tax cuts for businesses and 	0
1	Brother says mystery shrouds Arafats death  The family of late Palestinian president Yasser Arafat, who died in Paris last week, has decided to postpone demanding his medical records from the French authorities and 	2
3	Snow: Cutting Budget Deficit Top Priority  US Treasury Secretary John Snow said on Wednesday that cutting a record budget deficit was a top priority for the second-term Bush administration and challenged Europe 	0
1	Rumsfeld agrees to stay on as defense chief  President Bush has persuaded Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld to stay on amid criticism of the postwar situation in Iraq, a steady presence in a Cabinet undergoing a wholesale makeover.	0
1	Can Arafat #39;s death lead to peace?  Is there hope in the Middle East in the aftermath of Yasser Arafat #39;s death, or will the optimistic noises now being made fizzle out into the usual confrontation?	2
0	Bush Attacks Kerry on National Security  COLUMBUS, Ohio - President Bush on Saturday ridiculed what he called the "Kerry doctrine" as a dangerous outsourcing of America's security, seeking to poke a hole in Sen. John Kerry's debate performance with what advisers see as his rival's biggest miscue...	0 1
0	AP Poll: Kerry Holds Small Lead Over Bush  WASHINGTON - Sen. John Kerry has taken a slim lead over President Bush, according to an Associated Press poll that shows the president's support tumbling on personal qualities, the war in Iraq and the commander in chief's bedrock campaign issue - national security...	0 1
1	Amid Debates, the Race Tightens  The lowering of expectations for the president will make his improvement in coming debates all the more apparent.. NPR.org, October 4, 2004  The first debate between President Bush and his Democratic rival, Sen.	0
1	Our Voice: Bush, Kerry: Dont re-fight Vietnam War  The Swift Boat saga is beginning to wear thin on the nerves of the American people. Swift Boat Veterans for Truth ads questioning Sen. John Kerrys war record -- and pundits debating the issue ad nauseam 	0 1
1	Frist to Democrats: Stop Blocking Judges  Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist urged Democrats yesterday to stop blocking President Bush #39;s federal court nominees and hinted that he might try to change Senate rules to thwart their tactics.	0
0	Palestinian leader Arafat dies at 75  PARIS -- Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat died early today at a French military hospital where he had lingered in a coma between life and death for the last week. He was 75.	2
1	Ohio official: Count could take 11 days  Just as it was four years earlier, the 2004 presidential vote couldn #39;t be settled on Election Night. Sen. John Kerry #39;s campaign refused to concede early Wednesday, arguing that more than 250,000 provisional 	1
0	Kerry: Bush Not the Leader He Claims to Be (AP)  AP - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry is questioning whether President Bush is the exemplary leader he claims to be and points to the war in Iraq as evidence that he is not.	0 1
0	Mourners file past Arafat #39;s tomb  Mourners filed past Yasser Arafat #39;s tomb in Ramallah Saturday as Palestinian soldiers kept watch over what had been a chaotic scene just hours before.	2
1	Bush poll-troops storm hits Blair  London, Oct. 17: British Prime Minister Tony Blair last night stood accused of conspiring to use British troops in Iraq as a political gesture to help George W. Bush in the US presidential election.	0 3
0	New ad accuses Bush of allowing false advertising (USATODAY.com)  USATODAY.com - MoveOn PAC, which says it supports "moderate to progressive" candidates and has paid for TV ads opposing President Bush's re-election, starts airing another ad today. Called "Swift Response," the 30-second ad attempts to link Bush to an ad released two weeks ago by an organization called Swift Boat Veterans for Truth. That earlier ad accused Sen. John Kerry, the Democratic presidential nominee and a decorated Navy veteran of the Vietnam War, of lying about his military record.	0 1
0	Europe vote 'early 2006' - Straw  Jack Straw says the UK is likely to hold a vote on the EU constitution early in 2006, as Tony Blair prepares to sign up to it.	3
0	Dems' Ad Buys Show Race Down to 14 States (AP)  AP - Sen. John Kerry and the Democratic Party are limiting television advertising to just 14 states as the fall campaign opens, curbing their ambitions for a broader playing field against President Bush. The shift reduces Missouri, Colorado, Arizona and four Southern states to second-tier status.	0 1
0	Bush's Nephew Rips Armed Border Guards (AP)  AP - President Bush's nephew, campaigning for overseas votes in Mexico on Saturday, called the federal policy of arming U.S. Border Patrol agents with plastic pellet guns "reprehensible."	0
0	Eight Tossup States May Decide Election  WASHINGTON - Eight states worth just 99 electoral votes are up for grabs in the closely fought presidential race, with the White House going to whoever conquers this shrinking battlefield.    While another dozen states could come into play if either candidate breaks open the race, President Bush and Democratic Sen...	0
0	Kerry demands answers about missing explosives (AFP)  AFP - Democrat challenger John Kerry's campaign demanded answers from President George W. Bush about the disappearance of nearly 400 tonnes of conventional explosives in Iraq, as the deadlocked White House race entered its final week.	0 1
1	What Bush must do  President Bush #39;s aides believe he could put the race out of reach for Sen. John Kerry with good performances at Thursday night #39;s debate and two rematches in October.	0 1
3	Oil Rises After Kerry Concedes US Presidential Race to Bush  Crude oil rose, erasing a 2 percent loss, after Senator John Kerry conceded the US presidential race to George W. Bush. The re-election of Bush means the US is likely to keep adding oil to its Strategic Petroleum Reserve.	0 1
0	Bush, Kerry Reportedly Agree to Three Debates (Reuters)  Reuters - The campaigns of Republican President Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry have tentatively settled on a package of three face-to-face debates, the Washington Post reported late on Sunday.	0 1
3	Snow to Stay as U.S. Treasury Secretary (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush on Wednesday asked Treasury Secretary John Snow to stay in his job and Snow agreed to do so, the White House said, ending weeks of speculation.	0
1	Sharon Plan Merits Support  The Israeli people, by a two-thirds majority, support Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to close Israeli settlements in Gaza and the northeast corner of the West Bank.	4
0	Bush Suggests War on Terror Cannot Be Won  NASHUA, N.H. - President Bush ignited a Democratic inferno of criticism on Monday by suggesting the war on terrorism could not be won, forcing his aides to scramble to defend his remarks just as he had hoped to bask in convention accolades...	0
1	Rather #39;s producer assured CBS execs on Guard papers  Mary Mapes, the Dallas-based producer of Dan Rather #39;s controversial Sept. 8 60 Minutes segment questioning President Bush #39;s military record, is the focus of attention following 	0
0	Lawmakers Getting Flu Shot Sparks Debate (AP)  AP - President Bush didn't get one. Neither did most of his Cabinet. Same for Democrat John Kerry and running mate John Edwards. The presidential candidates said they passed up a flu shot because of the vaccine shortage.	0 1
0	Israel to Pull Forces from Gaza Refugee Camp -Reports (Reuters)  Reuters - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon decided on Thursday that Israeli forces could withdraw from a teeming refugee camp in northern Gaza, media reports said.	4
0	Sharon Wins Cabinet Vote on Gaza, New Raid Mounted   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon won  cabinet backing on Sunday for a bill on the nuts and bolts of a  Gaza pullout, and hours later Israel launched a new raid in the  Palestinian territory, killing three and wounding 16.	4
0	Kerry turns up the heat over Iraq  US Democrat presidential candidate John Kerry shifts his campaign battleground towards the war Iraq.	1
0	The Road To Palestinian Elections  The US And Israel Are pinning their hopes on former Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas to succeed Yasser Arafat as leader of the Palestinians.	2
1	US treasury secretary Snow definitely to go: report  NEW YORK: President George W. Bush plans to replace Treasury Secretary John Snow, and the president #39;s chief of staff Andrew Card is among those being considered for the post, the New York Times reported Monday.	0
1	Domestic Issues on The Front Burner  After four years of dramatic foreign policy ventures, President Bush has turned his attention to domestic policy, seeking to leave historic stamps on the graduated tax code, the health 	0
0	 #39;Still Committed to Road Map #39;, says Sharon  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has reaffirmed his commitment to a Middle East peace initiative, despite comments from one of his senior advisers who effectively dismissed the plan.	4
1	Bush #39;s New Ads Slam Kerry #39;s Iraq Comments  CRAWFORD, Texas Sept. 27, 2004 - President Bush #39;s campaign, setting the stage for the first presidential debate later this week on foreign policy, rolled out a new television ad Monday highlighting Democratic Sen.	0
1	Bush ponders new team  PRESIDENT George W. Bush has completed his re-election triumph by winning the final undeclared US state and starting the job of choosing key members of his new administration.	0
1	Kerry hoping Americans aren #39;t paying attention  Sen. John Kerry - the Republican? In order to win votes, Kerry #39;s latest shift has been to claim Republican positions. A few weeks ago, Kerry #39;s position on Iraq was a time frame for getting the troops out, now 	1
1	Bush Leads Kerry by 5 Points in LA Times Poll Ahead of Debate  President George W. Bush leads Democratic challenger John Kerry by 5 percentage points among likely voters in a Los Angeles Times poll taken ahead of the first presidential debate.	0 1
1	Israeli Arabs march in symbolic Arafat funeral  Several thousand Israeli Arabs have marched through the streets of Nazareth in a symbolic funeral for Palestinian president Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Odd Question on West Bank: Who Is Arafat, Really?  Like so much else they consider beyond their control, Palestinians in Nablus are adjusting to the prospect of Yasir Arafat's death.	2
0	US vice president deems Kerry's approach to fight against terror 'nuts' (AFP)  AFP - US Vice President Dick Cheney in an interview dismissed John Kerry's approach to safeguarding US national security as  quot;nuts, quot; adding that the Democratic presidential candidate would leave the United States less secure were he to win the White House.	1
1	Bush, Kerry battle over economics  WASHINGTON - With less than seven weeks to go before election day, and trailing President Bush by a few points in most polls, John Kerry is taking the offensive on a central issue: the economy.	0 1
1	Prime minister begins planning fourth term after election win in <b>...</b>  Prime Minister John Howard, fresh from winning an election mandate to keep Australian troops in Iraq as long as needed, accepted congratulations from President Bush and began planning his fourth term Sunday.	0
1	Aides say Arafat in charge  Palestinian President Yasser Arafat is gradually recovering from serious illness after a weekend of treatment and tests at a French military hospital.	2
0	Ahern, Blair to discuss Leeds talks  The Taoiseach, Bertie Ahern, is due to meet British Prime Minister Tony Blair today to discuss the up-coming Leeds Castle negotiations.	3
1	Franken Brings Liberal Talk Show to Ark. (AP)  AP - Coming to a "red state" to celebrate the nation's last "blue president" seems to be just the medicine for Al Franken two weeks after President Bush's re-election.	0
0	Presidential Candidates Hit Midwest  The presidential candidates and their running mates fanned out across the Midwest with Labor Day messages promising job creation, appealing for votes in the territory pivotal to winning November's election.    President Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney were heading to three states between them Monday; Democratic candidate John Kerry and running mate John Edwards were venturing to six...	0 1
3	Economy Steady But Job Growth Moderate, Giving Fodder to Kerry and <b>...</b>  The latest snapshot shows an economy that has returned to a moderate economic expansion of about 3 percent. At this pace, the economy is not growing fast enough to create large numbers of jobs 	1
0	Kerry Challenges Bush on Terror Policies (AP)  AP - In a sharply worded challenge to President Bush, Democratic Sen. John Kerry said Wednesday "extremism has gained momentum" as a result of administration missteps in Iraq, but said the war on terror is a winnable one with the right policies.	0 1
0	N. Korea voices doubt over nuclear talks  SEOUL, South Korea -- North Korea doesn #39;t expect six-nation talks on its nuclear weapons program to resume anytime soon under a second-term administration of President Bush, a top communist envoy said in a report published Friday.	0
1	GOP Stars Set To Shine On Bush  (CBS/AP) Republicans will kick off their convention to nominate President Bush for another four years in power with speeches Monday from two of the most popular politicians in the party.	0
0	CBS Says Was Misled About Bush Documents  NEW YORK - CBS apologized Monday and said it was misled about the authenticity of documents used to support a "60 Minutes" story that questioned President Bush's Vietnam War-era National Guard service, after several experts denounced them as fakes.   "We should not have used them," CBS News President Andrew Heyward said...	0
1	Bush wins Iowa  Des Moines - President George W Bush won the state of Iowa on Friday, claiming the last state in the US election after absentee ballots were counted.	0
0	Iraq, Iran, North Korea Top Bush Agenda (AP)  AP - The three countries President Bush called an "axis of evil" in his first term are at the top of his foreign policy to-do list in the second, along with a revitalized Mideast peace process and continued efforts to repair European alliances frayed by the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq.	0
1	Palestinians hold security meet  Palestinians held an emergency security meeting in Gaza on Sunday night after the shooting incident in a mourning tent for Yasser Arafat in Gaza.	2
1	Chirac visits ailing Arafat in hospital  Paris - French President Jacques Chirac on Thursday briefly visited Yasser Arafat in the Paris military hospital treating the gravely ill Palestinian leader and offered his wishes for a speedy recovery, officials said.	2
3	US president pledges strong-dollar policy  US President George W. Bush said on Wednesday that his government still adheres to the strong-dollar policy.  quot;The policy of my government is a strong-dollar policy, quot; Bush 	0
0	Sharon looks to maximise victory in looming Gaza pullout vote  JERUSALEM, Oct 21 (AFP) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon looked Thursday to maximise his majority in next week #39;s crucial parliamentary vote on his Gaza pullout plan, buoyed by predictions that he was assured of victory.	4
0	Arafat wages final battle with Israel over burial site  RAMALLAH, West BankA dying Yasser Arafat is in the midst of a last historic battle with Israel, one he is not even well enough to know he #39;s waging.	2
0	Blair Feels OK After Oct. Heart Operation (AP)  AP - Prime Minister Tony Blair said Tuesday he was feeling fine after an operation earlier this year to correct an irregular heartbeat.	3
0	Bush Accuses Kerry of Scare Tactics  ABOARD AIR FORCE ONE - President Bush accused John Kerry on Monday of employing "shameless scare tactics" on Social Security and the military draft just before voters go to the polls. In an interview with The Associated Press, Bush also said he'd be disappointed if the Iraqi people chose an Islamic fundamentalist government in free elections, "but democracy is democracy."  "If that's what the people choose, that's what the people choose," the president said, two weeks before facing his own re-election...	0 1
0	Sharon aide tells of pullback motive  A top aide to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon was quoted as saying yesterday that Israel #39;s planned withdrawal from the Gaza Strip is intended to block Palestinian statehood indefinitely and that the policy had US backing.	4
0	Chafee: Reid Asked Him About Joining Dems. (AP)  AP - Republican Sen. Lincoln Chafee of Rhode Island, a moderate often at odds with GOP conservatives, disclosed Wednesday that the leader of Senate Democrats sounded him out about switching parties in the aftermath of President Bush's re-election.	0
0	Row erupts as top Sharon aide says there will be no Palestinian <b>...</b>  Ariel Sharon #39;s chief aide caused a political storm yesterday by claiming that the real purpose of the Israeli prime minister #39;s  quot;disengagement plan quot; was to freeze the peace process and prevent the establishment of a Palestinian state, all with the blessing 	4
0	Bush's Foreign Aid Programs at Juncture (AP)  AP - Amid the discord over administration foreign policy, President Bush has won wide acclaim for two initiatives: helping overseas AIDS victims and countries that adopt democratic reforms.	0
0	Three Ohio Newspapers Endorse Bush (AP)  AP - Three Ohio daily newspapers endorsed President Bush over the weekend, while one backed Democratic challenger Sen. John Kerry. The Columbus Dispatch and The Cincinnati Enquirer on Sunday urged votes for Bush and The (Toledo) Blade endorsed Kerry. On Saturday, The Cincinnati Post endorsed Bush.	0 1
0	Bush Mocks Kerry's Leadership Credentials  KING OF PRUSSIA, Pa. - President Bush mocked John Kerry's fitness to be commander in chief Wednesday, saying the way to bring U.S...	0 1
0	Republicans Assail Kerry at Convention  NEW YORK - Republicans belittled Democratic Sen. John Kerry as a shift-in-the-wind campaigner unworthy of the White House on Monday, opening their national convention four miles from Ground Zero of America's worst terrorist attack...	1
0	Bush to Mark 9/11 at Church, South Lawn  WASHINGTON - President Bush typically closes his campaign speeches by saying "none us will ever forget" the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks...	0
0	Blair rejects tally of Iraq War dead  British Prime Minister Tony Blair has rejected calls for an independent commission to calculate the number of civilians killed and injured since the US-led alliance invaded Iraq in March 2003.	3
1	Make or break time for Kerry  Democratic challenger John Kerry heads into tomorrow #39;s first presidential debate trailing Republican President George W. Bush by six to eight points in most opinion polls.	0 1
1	Bush: Carter election comment part of  #39;haranguing of nonsense #39;  Gov. Jeb Bush said Tuesday that  quot;conspiracy theories quot; about the state #39;s voting machines are  quot;nonsense, quot; and that he is particularly disappointed in former President Jimmy Carter, who said conditions for a fair election in Florida don #39;t exist.	0
0	Bush, Kerry Sharpen Attacks Over Iraq  ALLENTOWN, Pa. - President Bush and Democratic Sen...	0
0	Bush Campaign: Gifts Should Cover Recount (AP)  AP - President Bush's campaign is urging election regulators to allow it and rival John Kerry to raise unlimited individual donations to cover costs for a possible recount, as Bush and rival Al Gore could in 2000.	0 1
0	Blair calls on UN to ease invasion of  #39;bad #39; countries  Tony Blair warned the United States last night not to go it alone as the world #39;s policeman as he urged America and Europe to unite behind a new doctrine that would allow the 	3
1	Upbeat Republicans Revive Bush Theme of Compassion  acing perhaps three times the television audience that saw its sharp-edged speakers on Monday, the Republican National Convention circled back last night to President Bush #39;s winning 2000 	0
0	Labour Party Members Urged to Back Blair  BRIGHTON, England - Britain #39;s treasury chief - widely believed to harbor leadership ambitions - urged Labour Party members Monday to support embattled Prime Minister Tony Blair and not let the Iraq war derail their annual convention.	3
0	Israel Palestinian State Shelved with U.S. Blessing   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's plan to withdraw from some  occupied land aims to rule out a Palestinian state  indefinitely, with full U.S. approval, Prime Minister Ariel  Sharon's chief of staff said on Wednesday.	4
3	 #39;Success Story #39; on Gutierrez, New US Defense Secretary  US President George W. Bush announced that he has assigned Carlos Gutierrez, a Cuban immigrant who rose to the president of the Kellogg Company, as US Minister of Trade.	0
1	Bush, Kerry Trade Barbs On Missing Explosives  SIOUX CITY, Iowa -- Sen. John Kerry and President George W. Bush are trading shots Wednesday in regard to missing explosives in Iraq.	0 1
1	Senator decides against prolonging count in Ohio  President Bush claimed a second term Wednesday with a narrow margin after a record vote, and Democrat John Kerry conceded a day after Americans voted.	0 1
0	When an Explosive Charge Is Not Handled With Care  Dick Cheney's latest assault on John Kerry raised a question: Is it possible for a candidate to go too far?	1
1	Divisive Debate in Israel Ahead of Vote on Gaza Pullout  Israel #39;s parliament is debating Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s proposal to withdraw from the Gaza Strip, a plan that has split the ruling party and divided the country.	4
1	Bush wins boost from terror tape  George W Bush moved yesterday to seize the political advantage after Osama bin Laden #39;s extraordinary intervention in the US presidential election on Friday night.	0
1	Campaigns boil down to terror  In the closing hours of their bitter campaign, President Bush and challenger Sen. John Kerry charged through the critical battlegrounds of Florida and Ohio on Sunday, going from hushed church services to raucous 	0 1
1	Arafat kin blames Israel  Armed with Yasser Arafat #39;s weighty medical dossier, his nephew blamed Israel for the Palestinian leader #39;s death and refused yesterday to squelch rumors of poisoning -ven though 	2
0	Blair warns Bush over Middle East  LONDON: British Prime Minister Tony Blair warmly congratulated newly re-elected US President George W Bush on Wednesday, saying he hoped the unique bond between their two countries would prosper over the next four years.	0 3
0	Michigan's Milliken Endorses Kerry (AP)  AP - Former Republican Gov. William Milliken of Michigan endorsed Democratic Sen. John Kerry for president on Monday, saying President Bush has pursued policies "pandering to the extreme right wing."	0 1
0	British PM Rebuilds Cabinet After Key Ally Resigns (Reuters)  Reuters - British Prime Minister Tony Blair was forced to reshuffle his government ahead of a looming general election after the resignation of senior minister David Blunkett, who headed Britain's anti-terrorism campaign.	3
0	Blair Arrives in Sudan to Press for Darfur Peace (Reuters)  Reuters - Britain's Tony Blair arrived in Khartoum Wednesday as the most senior yet in a parade of Western government figures seeking to pressure Sudanese officials over violence in Darfur province.	3
3	Bush vows to cut deficit   President Bush pledged yesterday to work with Congress to reduce the government's huge budget deficit as a key step in assuring the world that his administration supports a strong dollar.	0
0	AP Poll: Kerry Holds Small Lead Over Bush (AP)  AP - Sen. John Kerry has taken a slim lead over President Bush, according to an Associated Press poll that shows the president's support tumbling on personal qualities, the war in Iraq and the commander in chief's bedrock campaign issue  #151; national security.	0 1
0	Valley Palestinian, Jewish leaders mull peace prospects without <b>...</b>  As Yasser Arafat clung to life in a French hospital Friday, local Palestinian-American and Jewish leaders considered what the prospects for peace in the Middle East will be like without him as leader of the Palestinian Authority.	2
3	Kerry vs. Bush: Who Wins?  Two Fools duel over the candidates' economic policies.	0 1
1	Bush Surprises Energy Industry with DOE Nominee  President Bush on Friday nominated a senior Treasury Department official to be the next US Energy Secretary, a surprise choice of a former chemical engineer with relatively little energy experience.	0
1	UK Economic Boom May Bolster Blair as Election Deadline Nears  UK Prime Minister Tony Blair, whose approval rating slumped because of his support for the Iraq war, may win an unprecedented third term as voters give him credit for an expanding economy and falling unemployment, polls show.	3
1	Before Marines, Bush offers assurances  Seeking to buck up troops amid signs of growing impatience with extended tours of duty, President Bush told Marines yesterday to expect 	0
0	Blair, Bush Consult on Peace in Mideast (AP)  AP - Prime Minister Tony Blair sought consensus with President Bush on Thursday to make peace in the Middle East an urgent priority, exploring whether the death of Yasser Arafat offers new avenues for restarting Israeli-Palestinian talks.	0 2 3
0	Bush Campaign Files Lawsuit Against FEC (AP)  AP - President Bush's campaign on Friday filed its second lawsuit in a month against the Federal Election Commission in federal court in Washington, this time accusing the commission of failing to enforce the nation's campaign finance laws.	0
0	Tunisian Doctors Examine Arafat, Aides Blame Flu   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - A Tunisian medical team  examined Yasser Arafat in the West Bank on Saturday, but aides  dismissed Israeli media reports that the Palestinian  president's health had deteriorated and said he had flu.	2
1	Iraqi terror attacks to prevent Bush #39;s re-election: Putin:  World News: Alma Ata (Kazakhstan), Oct 18 : Russian President Vladimir Putin said Monday the terrorist attacks in Iraq were aimed at preventing the re-election of US President George W. Bush.	0
0	Rebuffed by Party, Sharon Presses on with Gaza Plan   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  vowed on Thursday to press ahead with his Gaza pullout plan  despite a humiliating rebuff from his own party of his bid to  forge a coalition with the pro-withdrawal Labour Party.	4
0	Blair to Urge End to Trans-Atlantic Rift (Reuters)  Reuters - British Prime Minister Tony Blair will stress the need for Europe and the United States to put differences over Iraq behind them and work together to tackle issues such as Middle East peace in a speech on Monday.	3
1	Bush pledges help to Palestinians  US President Bush said Friday he would do whatever it takes to bring about a democratic Palestinian state and Middle East peace.  quot;I think it is fair to say that 	0
1	Bush, Kerry Sharpen Attacks on Each Other #39;s Anti-Terror Policies  President Bush and his Democratic Party challenger Senator John Kerry traded barbs Friday on terrorism and domestic issues. The criticisms are growing sharper with less than two weeks left in the presidential campaign.	0 1
0	UK #39;s Blair Loses Key Minister Ahead of Election  Top British government minister David Blunkett resigned on Wednesday over a charge of abuse of office, ripping a hole in Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s 	3
1	Tony Blair arrives in Sudan for talks  Prime Minister Tony Blair has touched down in the Sudan for talks in the crisis-ridden country. Mr Blair arrived in capital city Khartoum ready to urge the Sudanese government to end the slaughter that has 	3
0	Egypt to Host Military Funeral for Arafat   CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt, where Yasser Arafat began his  political life and where biographers say he was born, on  Thursday prepared a funeral for the Palestinian president, who  was declared dead in Paris in the early morning.	2
0	Blair Calls for EU Reaction Force for Africa Clashes (Update3)  UK Prime Minister Tony Blair called for the European Union to develop the capability by next year to deploy troops to Africa within 10 days as part of plans to fight poverty, disease and war in the region.	3
1	Pits still ahead for post-Arafat Mideast peace process  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s passing away last week lowered the curtain for his half-century efforts of Palestinian liberation, but the Middle East peace process continued and arrived at a new crossroad.	2
1	Kerry vows to withdraw US troops out of Iraq  US Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry said on Monday that he would try to pull American troops out of Iraq within four years.	1
0	Summary: Yasser Arafat in a Coma (AP)  AP - HEALTH STATUS: Yasser Arafat is in a coma and his condition worsened overnight. Hospital spokesman Gen. Christian Estripeau did not issue a prognosis but suggested the chances of a recovery were poor.	2
0	US now on record saying Kofi Annan should remain UN chief  UNITED NATIONS The United States has gone on record saying UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan should remain on the job, a week after President Bush pointedly chose not to voice such support.	0
0	Arafat will not be buried in Jerusalem: Sharon  TEL AVIV - Israel will not allow Arafat to be buried in Jerusalem in the event of his death, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon was on Monday quoted as saying by the newspaper Yedioth Aharonoth.	2 4
0	Peres Says Coalition Talks Could Be Resolved in Days (Reuters)  Reuters - Israeli opposition leader Shimon Peres said on Saturday coalition talks between his party and Prime Minister Ariel Sharon could be resolved in days, a move likely to avert snap elections and promote a Gaza pullout.	4
1	Likud Panel Backs Sharon #39;s Plan for Coalition Government  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon won an important victory within his party today that greatly improves the likelihood his faltering government will survive and proceed with a plan 	4
0	Blair: Time for Excuses on Africa Is Over   ADDIS ABABA, Ethiopia (Reuters) - British Prime Minister  Tony Blair is to say Thursday that the time for excuses on  Africa is over as he chairs a meeting in Ethiopia he hopes will  turn the continent's problems into a global priority.	3
0	Kerry Rolls Out Health Care Ad (AP)  AP - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry argues that "over a million more Americans would lose their health insurance coverage" under President Bush in a television ad the Democrat's campaign rolled out Tuesday.	0 1
1	Sharon says Iran making every effort to possess nuclear arms  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said in comments published on Sunday that the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) and Europe were not doing enough to prevent Iran from developing nuclear arms.	4
3	Scorecard on the president: A mixed bag  President Bush #39;s performance evaluation is underway now, and his scores will be determined by the voters who are weighing whether he has met the goals he set for himself four years ago.	0
0	Chance for Mideast peace  It would be a huge mistake to say that the late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat was the only obstacle to peace in the Middle East, but it is an undeniable fact that his death has resurrected, like nothing else could have, prospects for peace between 	2
0	Sharp Contrasts for Candidates on Domestic and Social Issues  President Bush and John Kerry clashed over the war on terrorism, the loss of jobs overseas and the state of health care.	0 1
1	Polls give Bush election edge  Three new polls in the United States have President George W Bush leading his Democrat challenger, John Kerry, in the race for the White House.	0 1
1	President Bush Pledges Aid for Florida Hurricane Victims  President Bush visited hurricane-damaged Florida on Wednesday. His trip came one day after the US Congress approved  $2 billion in emergency aid to help Floridians recover from the two hurricanes that struck Florida over the past month.	0
1	SPY SHAKE-UP SHOWDOWN  The debate on reforming the nation #39;s in telligence structure - sparked by the 9/11 Commission -ust got serious. President Bush on Thursday approved executive orders meant to bolster the authority of 	0
1	Gallup poll shows double-digit lead for Bush, with momentum  A new Gallup poll puts President George W Bush 13 points ahead of challenger John Kerry in the US presidential race. The spread -- 55 to 42 per cent -- is among likely voters, Gallup said, and the poll was conducted between 13-15 September.	0 1
0	British Troops Wounded as Families Campaign Against War  A helicopter pilot and a Black Watch soldier were wounded close to Baghdad today as Prime Minister Tony Blair came under pressure from families of serving troops and over the future of Scottish regiments.	3
0	Peres Says Coalition Talks Could Be Resolved in Days   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli opposition leader Shimon  Peres said on Saturday coalition talks between his party and  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon could be resolved in days, a move  likely to avert snap elections and promote a Gaza pullout.	4
0	US jets target terrorist leaders in Fallujah, doctors say <b>...</b>  British hostage Kenneth Bigley, who pleaded tearfully last month for Prime Minister Tony Blair to meet his kidnappers #39; demands, was beheaded by his captors, a witness who saw the videotaped killing said Friday.	3
1	Freedom on the March in Iraq, Bush Tells Voters  President Bush said on Thursday freedom was on the march in Iraq even as a US intelligence report depicted a bleak outlook for the country #39;s future.	0
0	Cheney to Denounce Kerry's 'Confusion'  NEW YORK - Vice President Dick Cheney was stepping Wednesday up to denounce Democrat John Kerry's "confusion of conviction" after President Bush formally won the Republican nomination for a second term in a carefully choreographed GOP convention roll call.    Tuesday night, before a roaring audience of delegates, Bush was lauded by his wife, Laura, and California Gov...	0 1
1	Bush seeking united front with Asian allies over North Korea? <b>...</b>  With fresh support from China in hand, US President George W. Bush hopes to minimize public differences with Asian allies over how to persuade North Korea to abandon its nuclear ambitions and come back to the bargaining table.	0
0	Blair Sees More Iraq Violence, No Ruling on Troops   LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's Tony Blair forecast an upsurge  in violence in Iraq ahead of planned January elections but said  Wednesday he had not yet decided on a U.S. request for back-up  from UK troops.	3
0	Outside View: In Arafat #39;s footsteps  The last time I met Marwan Barghouti, along with other notable Palestinians, I joked how impressive it was to see so many leading minds of the Palestinians together.	2
1	Mary #39;s Silence On Lesbian Squabble  (Washington) 365Gay.com has learned that the GOP outrage over Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry #39;s remarks about Mary Cheney was orchestrated by Mary herself.	1
0	UN paying attention to Arafat #39;s health: spokesman  The United Nations is closely following the situation in the West Bank city of Ramallah, where Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is reportedly ill, a UN spokesman said Thursday.	2
0	Newsview: Kerry Avoids Calling Bush 'Liar' (AP)  AP - John Kerry says President Bush "failed to tell the truth" about Iraq and "misled the American people," but that's as far as he seems willing to take it. He stops just short of the "l-word"  #151; liar.	0 1
0	Blair #39;s silence  #39;is kiss of death #39;  The brother of Kenneth Bigley last night claimed that Tony Blair #39;s inaction could cost the British hostage his life. Paul Bigley, who cited new information 	3
0	Minister to press North Korea to come clean on nukes: Blair (AFP)  AFP - Britain intends to send  quot;a very clear message quot; to North Korea that it must enter into serious dialogue about its nuclear programme, Prime Minister Tony Blair said.	3
1	CBS Names Panel to Probe Bush Guard Story (AP)  AP - CBS News appointed former U.S. Attorney General Dick Thornburgh and former Associated Press chief executive Louis Boccardi to investigate what went wrong with its story on President Bush's service in the National Guard.	0
1	Sharon invites Peres to join government  Ariel Sharon, the Israeli prime minister, yesterday invited Shimon Peres - an old friend but sometimes a political adversary - to join his government as the two grand old men of Israeli politics prepared to unite to see through a plan to move Jewish 	4
1	Ohio trims margin of Bush #39;s win  COLUMBUS, Ohio - President Bush #39;s slim victory over John Kerry became official yesterday, with the margin put at 119,000 votes.	0 1
0	Clinton Gets Rock Star's Welcome in Philadelphia  Thousands of people crowded Love Park in Philadelphia's Center City and watched Bill Clinton and John Kerry walk onto a stage.	1
0	Northern Ireland talks fail to break deadlock, Blair says  A high-stakes effort to revive a Catholic-Protestant government for Northern Ireland has ended in failure, British Prime Minister Tony Blair conceded Saturday.	3
0	Congress Passes Middle-Class Tax Cuts  WASHINGTON - Congress on Thursday approved a  $145.9 billion package of tax relief to extend three popular middle-class tax cuts, giving President Bush his fourth major tax victory since taking office.    The Senate approved the measure 92-3 Thursday night less than an hour after it cleared the House by a similarly lopsided 339-65...	0
0	Bush says US, partners united on North Korea  Santiago: US President George W. Bush said Saturday after meeting with leaders of China, Japan, South Korea and Russia, that they had a joint message for North Korea:  quot;Get rid of your nuclear weapons programs.	0
0	Political Debate at Minn. School Gets Ugly (AP)  AP - Three high school students, one allegedly armed with a bat, were charged with attacking a pro-President Bush classmate after he reportedly said only gays would support Sen. John Kerry.	1
0	Bush Vows Second-Term Push for Palestinian State   WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Bush vowed on Friday to  use the next four years to help establish a Palestinian state,  and he and British Prime Minister Tony Blair said they would  help craft a post-Arafat strategy for making it happen.	0 3
0	President Bush to Get a Taste of Albertas Beef during <b>...</b>  Canadian beef is on both the agenda and the dinner plate for tomorrow #39;s summit between Paul Martin and George W. Bush. The Prime Minister will press the President to accelerate his government #39;s 	0
1	The next 4 years: a shift to  quot;ownership society quot;  President Bush is poised to pursue an aggressive  quot;ownership society quot; agenda of Social Security privatization, new tax breaks for savings and investment and additional incentives 	0
0	AJC sends letter of support to Sharon  As the Knesset vote on disengagement from the Gaza Strip approaches, the American Jewish Committee sent a letter of support on Sunday to Ariel Sharon to express support for the prime minister #39;s plan.	4
1	Bush vows to work on WTO, blasts Airbus  CRAWFORD, Texas - President Bush pledged Friday to work with Congress to comply with a WTO ruling in a row over payment of anti-dumping duties to US companies, and said he expected the trade body to hold Europe to account over  quot;unfair quot; subsidies to 	0
0	Kerry Returns to Capitol to Meet Leaders (AP)  AP - No longer a presidential candidate but still a voice for the Democrats, Sen. John Kerry met with the party's congressional leadership Tuesday as he moved into the next phase of his political life.	1
0	France ready to hand over Arafat file to next of kin  PARIS, Nov 19 (AFP) - France #39;s defence ministry said Friday the medical file on recently deceased Palestinian Authority president Yasser Arafat was ready and would be handed over to his next of kin  quot;without delay quot;.	2
1	Wave of National Leaders Express Condolences  On November 11, when the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat was announced, countries around the world issued statements and expressed their condolences.	2
1	Rove Says Bush Victory May Mark Republican Dominance (Update1)  President George W. Bush #39;s election victory may begin decades of Republican dominance in US politics, Karl Rove, the president #39;s chief political adviser, said.	0
0	Bush Says He's Proud of Guard Service  LAS VEGAS - President Bush told veterans Tuesday he was proud of his time in the Texas Air National Guard and sought to deflect questions about his Vietnam-era service by turning the subject to what he said were rival John Kerry's equivocations on the war in Iraq.   "What's critical is that the president of the United States speak clearly and consistently at this time of great threat in our world, and not change positions because of expediency or pressure," Bush told his applauding audience in a speech to the National Guard Association of the United States...	0 1
1	Middle East enters a  #39;post-Arafat era #39;: News analysis  The death of Yasser Arafat, chairman of the Palestine National Authority (PNA), affects the nerve of the Middle East and the world as a whole.	2
3	OPEC To Monitor Oil Prices in Wake of US Election  Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) President Purnomo Yusgiantoro said today that the cartel will monitor any impact on oil prices from the re-election of US President George W. Bush.	0
0	Bush to Sign Intelligence Overhaul Bill (AP)  AP - President Bush is signing into law the largest overhaul of U.S. intelligence gathering in 50 years, hoping to improve the spy network that failed to prevent the Sept. 11 attacks.	0
3	President quietly signs corporate tax bill  WHITE HOUSE Without fanfare, President Bush has signed a package of changes in corporate tax law -- giving 136 (b) billion dollars in new tax breaks to businesses, farmers and others.	0
0	Probe Under Way Into British Parliament Intrusion   LONDON (Reuters) - Britain launched an inquiry on Thursday  into the first storming of its parliament since 1674 after a  protest stunt revealed shambolic security at the heart of Prime  Minister Tony Blair's government.	3
1	Lily Tuck Explores Roots of Rootlessness (AP)  AP - Like others who wanted John Kerry to defeat President Bush, author Lily Tuck was in such despair after Election Day that she wondered if she should remain in the United States. She thought of returning to her native Paris, the bane of Bush supporters, or at least hanging a French flag from the balcony of her apartment overlooking Madison Avenue. Then again, there is no flag to which Tuck would truly pledge allegiance, for she has never felt at home anywhere.	0 1
0	Arafat Fate Mired in Confusion   PARIS (Reuters) - The fate of Palestinian President Yasser  Arafat was mired in confusion on Tuesday as French medical  sources contradicted reports by senior Palestinian officials  that he had died at a Paris hospital.	2
0	Barghouti pulls out of election  Marwan Barghouti withdrew from the race to replace Palestinian President Yasser Arafat late last night. His withdrawal means there will be a smooth transition in the election on 9 January, with interim leader Mahmoud Abbas the clear favourite.	2
1	Bill Clinton campaigns for Kerry  ELEANOR HALL: To the United States now, and former president Bill Clinton today turned on a vintage performance, launching the Democrat challenger Senator John Kerry #39;s final week of election campaigning.	1
1	Don #39;t mean a thing if you ain #39;t got that swing  George Bush and John Kerry today enter the final week of a presidential race that is as deadlocked now as it was six months ago. With the country polarised and only a relative handful of voters still undecided 	1
0	Bush and Kerry Get Ready for Last TV Duel  TEMPE, Ariz. - Jobs, health care and other concerns of daily life will likely be focal points as President Bush and challenger John Kerry meet Wednesday for their third and final debate...	0 1
0	Arafat #39;s body arrives in Cairo for funeral  The body of late Palestinian President Yasser Arafat has arrived in Cairo from Paris for a military funeral which presidents and other dignitaries from around the world are due to attend.	2
1	Iraq revelations spell danger for Bush campaign  The report on WMD is the latest blow to the White House claim that the war is nearly won, writes Glenn Kessler. The release of Wednesday #39;s definitive account on Iraq #39;s weapons - and its conclusion that Iraq 	0
0	Palestinian state more likely with Netanyahu than Sharon: Arafat  LONDON - Veteran Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat said in a newspaper interview published on Wednesday that an independent Palestinian state was more likely if Israel was governed by its hardline finance minister Benjamin Netanyahu rather than Prime 	2
0	Summary Box: No Taxes for Social Security (AP)  AP - NO HIKE: President Bush ruled out raising taxes to finance an overhaul of Social Security to help the system survive an impending wave of retiring baby boomers.	0
0	British hostage pleads for life  Facing a death threat from his Iraqi captors, British hostage Kenneth Bigley appeared in a video on an Islamist Web site Wednesday and tearfully pleaded to British Prime Minister Tony Blair to help spare his life, saying,  quot;Please 	3
0	National Guard Hands Over More Bush Papers  WASHINGTON - More than a week after a court-imposed deadline to turn over all records of President Bush's military service, the Texas Air National Guard belatedly produced two documents Tuesday that include Bush's orders for his last day of active duty in 1973.    The orders show Bush was on "no-fly" status for his last days of duty because he had been grounded almost a year earlier for skipping an annual medical exam...	0
1	Blair vows agenda for future  BRIGHTON: British Prime Minister Tony Blair dismissed talk of resignation and vowed a strong agenda for the future as his ruling Labour Party #39;s annual convention opened yesterday.	3
0	Israel #39;s Sharon Fires Ministers, Shatters Coalition  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon waits for the voting of Israel #39;s 2005 budget at the Israeli parliament in Jerusalem, December 1, 2004.	4
1	Testy Kerry dashes from reporters, hides in private digs  On his first day back in the Senate since losing the presidential election, Sen. John F. Kerry related, bio hunkered down for hours in his aptly labeled hideaway office in the 	1
0	Beyond words  That was the important message that PLO Chairman Mahmoud Abbas delivered in his first statement on the subject following the death of Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Bush Defends Iraq Invasion, US Action on Threats (Update1)  President George W. Bush, confronted by antiwar protesters in Canada, defended his decision to invade Iraq and said the US would always act against threats even if opposed by other nations.	0
1	Tunisian medical team says Arafat is OK  RAMALLAH, West Bank A second team of doctors to examine Yasser Arafat say the Palestinian leader is  quot;OK. quot;. The doctors from Tunisia examined the 75-year-old leader at his headquarters in the West Bank town of Ramallah today.	2
1	Bush has chance to reshape Cabinet  It won #39;t go down as the  quot;Monday Morning Massacre, quot; but the resignations Monday of four members of President Bush #39;s Cabinet could signal his intent to chart a fresh course during his second term.	0
0	Bush has been adroit at exploiting 9/11: Carter (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush  quot;has been adroit quot; at exploiting the suffering caused by the September 11 attacks, his predecessor Jimmy Carter said in an interview with the Guardian.	0
1	Bush, Kerry Battle Over Health Care  President Bush and Democrat John F. Kerry vied for advantage Thursday on the closely watched issue of health care, with the challenger demanding 	0
0	MUQATA SURGERY SHAKES ARAFAT  Palestinian Authority leader Yasser Arafat underwent a  quot;minor surgical procedure quot; in Ramallah late Monday after complaining of severe stomach pain and vomiting, as he recovered from a 10-day bout of flu-like fever, The Jerusalem Post reports Tuesday.	2
0	Deal in Congress to Keep Tax Cuts, Widening Deficit  Lawmakers agreed to extend  $145 billion worth of tax cuts sought by President Bush without trying to pay for them.	0
1	Putin Says Terrorists in Iraq Hope Attacks Will Oust Bush  President Vladimir V. Putin said Monday that international terrorists in Iraq hoped their attacks would unseat President Bush in the election next month, and that such an outcome 	0
0	Edwards Tells Leno Theory on Bush 'Lump' (AP)  AP - John Edwards has a theory about what was hidden underneath an unusual wrinkle that appeared on the back of President Bush's suit jacket during his first debate with John Kerry.	0 1
0	Groups Seek to Address Voting Troubles (AP)  AP - Despite President Bush's clear margin of victory in the 2004 presidential race, voting and civil rights advocates say the election did not go as smoothly as Americans might think.	0
1	Nader links Bush to attacks on Kerry #39;s war record  NEW ORLEANS Ralph Nader today charged that President Bush is using a group of Vietnam War veterans as  quot;proxies quot; to smear Democrat John Kerry #39;s war record.	0 1
0	Palestinian Urges Halt To Violence, Report Says   #39;JERUSALEM -- Seeking calm and unity, Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia asked militant factions to refrain from attacks inside Israel, an Israeli newspaper reported today, as the Palestinians awaited word on their critically ill leader, Yasser Arafat 	2
0	Palestinians wants US to ensure smooth polls  : Palestinian leaders on Sunday outlined plans to persuade visiting American envoys to pressure Israel into removing troops from urban areas to ensure smooth elections to replace Yasser Arafat.	2
1	EU to Lift Sanctions as Bush Signs Law Repealing Tax Breaks  The European Union will lift sanctions on US imports after President George W. Bush signed a law replacing an illegal export tax subsidy with a  $145 billion package of new corporate tax cuts and a buyout for tobacco farmers.	0
1	Arafat death shifts Bushs plan  President George W. Bush has all but abandoned his goal of Palestinian statehood next year, opting instead to spend the next four years trying to help  quot;a truly free state develop quot; alongside Israel.	0 2
0	Hostage pleads with Blair to save his life  A videotape posted on an Islamic Web site Wednesday showed a man identifying himself as British hostage Kenneth Bigley pleading for British Prime Minister Tony Blair to help save his life.	3
0	Blair faces wrath of Labour Party faithful over Iraq  BRIGHTON : Prime Minister Tony Blair was set to face the anger of rank and file members of his Labour Party over the Iraq war, as party officials tried to head off a motion calling for British troops to quit the country.	3
0	Bush Taunts Kerry, Tests Debate Lines  COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. - President Bush taunted Democratic rival John Kerry and tested debate lines before friendly audiences in Colorado and Arizona on Tuesday while Kerry crammed in private for Wednesday night's final faceoff of the campaign...	0 1
0	Bush Spends Evening Out Visiting Friend (AP)  AP - President Bush spent Friday evening at the home of Clay Johnson, a college friend and administration official who also has a hand in shaping Bush's second-term Cabinet.	0
0	Allawi Appeals to Europe for More Help  At their annual summit, European Union leaders also said they wanted to strengthen the 25-nation bloc #39;s relationship with the newly re-elected President Bush, which was deeply strained by the Iraq war.	0
0	Arafat being tested for leukemia, Palestinian official says  PARIS -- Leukemia specialists examined ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat at a French military hospital to determine whether he suffers from the blood cancer, Palestinian officials said Saturday.	2
0	Bush and Kerry Differ on State of Economy  CLEVELAND - Good news, or bad? President Bush and Democrat John Kerry have differing takes about the vitality of the nation's job market - a question that's heating up this year's race for the White House.    Bush, who is campaigning Saturday in Ohio - a pivotal state that has lost tens of thousands of manufacturing jobs, says a new U.S...	0 1
1	Rice to Have Minor Surgery on Friday (Reuters)  Reuters - Secretary of State-designate Condoleezza Rice will have a minor surgical procedure on Friday while President Bush is away on a trip to Chile, her spokesman said.	0
0	Boxer Becomes Third Biggest Vote Getter (AP)  AP - Little noticed in this month's election was that the nation's third biggest vote getter, behind only President Bush and John Kerry, was Sen. Barbara Boxer, a fiery California Democrat who proudly wears her liberalism on her sleeve.	0 1
0	Ariel Sharon Calls for Expansion of Army's Gaza Raid (Reuters)  Reuters - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Saturday that Israel should expand its massive raid of northern Gaza, the army's biggest and deadliest offensive in more than four years of conflict with the Palestinians.	4
0	Israel OK's new West Bank housing  JERUSALEM -- Israel issued tenders for construction of 1,001 new housing units in West Bank settlements yesterday, in what some observers viewed as an attempt by Prime Minister Ariel Sharon to pacify right-wing critics ahead of a key meeting of his Likud party today.	4
1	Truth takes a beating from CBS #39; blunder  After a week of we-stand-by-our-story piety, CBS News and news anchor Dan Rather conceded Monday they had been  quot;given a false account quot; of the origins of documents used to discredit President George W. Bush #39;s actions in the Texas Air National Guard three 	0
1	Bush links UN funding to oil-for-food investigation  President George W. Bush on Thursday linked future US funding of the United Nations to clear accounting of what went on under the multi-billion dollar oil-for-food programme in Iraq.	0
0	Britain #39;s Blair to demand answers from Sudan on Darfur  LONDON, Oct 6 (AFP) -- British Prime Minister Tony Blair was due to arrive in Sudan early Wednesday on a landmark visit during which he is to demand immediate action from the country #39;s leaders over the humanitarian crisis in the war-torn western region of 	3
0	Arafat Medical Records Given to His Nephew (AP)  AP - Yasser Arafat's medical records show no sign he was poisoned but are inconclusive as to the cause of his death, his nephew said Monday.	2
1	Democrats Question Bush #39;s Service, Costs of War  Democrats raised new questions about President Bush #39;s Vietnam-era National Guard service on Wednesday as White House hopeful John Kerry charged the Iraq war was draining resources from the US economy at home.	0 1
0	Gunmen Abduct, Then Free, Officer in Gaza  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip Sept. 16, 2004 - Gunmen briefly abducted a senior Palestinian security officer Thursday in the latest sign of growing anarchy in the Gaza Strip, and supporters of Yasser Arafat staged 	2
0	Top Official: U.S. Wants Cuba 'Liberation' (AP)  AP - President Bush will be committed during his second term to the "liberation of Cuba" by extending moral and political support to the Cuban people, a top State Department official said Friday.	0
0	Sharon Rejects Calls for a Referendum on Gaza Pullout  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon today rejected calls from within his divided cabinet for a referendum on leaving Gaza after winning Parliament's support to uproot settlements.	4
0	President Roh Says Former Presidents Performed Their Duties <b>...</b>  President Roh Moo-hyun will have a summit meeting with US President George W. Bush in Santiago on the morning of November 30 (local time) during his official visit to Chile in order to participate in the summit meeting of APEC economic leaders.	0
1	The truth about Bush and Blair  we #39;re winging it  So, off to Washington again, for what should be an interesting summit, with Dubya stretching his muscles and Fallujah shrouded in smoke, and Mr B with his long list of requests, suggestions and queries.	0
0	Israeli Coalition Crisis May Force Early Election   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's  shaky coalition Tuesday faced collapse in a row over the 2005  budget, raising the prospect of early elections that would  endanger his plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip.	4
0	Rumsfeld hopeful of troop exit by '08  KUWAIT CITY -- Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld expressed hope yesterday, but did not explicitly predict, that US troops would be out of Iraq by the end of President Bush's second term.	0
1	October is unkind to Bush  Troubling headlines, coupled with his opponent, Sen. John Kerry, performing well in the first two debates with Bush, may have turned a Bush advantage of mid-September into an October clinch.	0 1
0	American diplomatic drive comes up short  Bush administration persistence in using diplomacy to solve a nuclear weapons crisis with North Korea is coming up short as the insular regime bobs and weaves away from resuming negotiations.	0
1	Labour slips to third place in UK poll  LONDON - British Prime Minister Tony Blair has seen his ruling Labour Party slip to third place in a newspaper poll on the eve of its annual conference.	3
1	Hundreds More Israeli Houses for West Bank  Israel will begin building another 533 housing units in the West Bank next year, an official said today, the latest indication that Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is working to strengthen West Bank settlements while pushing ahead with a Gaza pullout plan.	4
0	Bush: Terrorists May Plan More Attacks  WASHINGTON - Denying he has painted too rosy a picture about Iraq, President Bush said Thursday that terrorists could "plot and plan attacks elsewhere, in America and other free nations" if U.S. forces were withdrawn...	0
1	Qorei urges calm as Arafats condition unchanged  CLAMART, France: A senior aide to Yasser Arafat said Saturday that the ailing Palestinian leader had undergone further medical tests and that results were expected within days.	2
0	Top Court Finds for 'UK's Guantanamo' Suspects   LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's top court delivered a severe  jolt to Prime Minister Tony Blair's post-Sept. 11 security  policies on Thursday by ruling against the detention of foreign  terrorism suspects without trial.	3
0	Bush: Social Security Plan Has Safeguards (AP)  AP - President Bush said Thursday the Social Security investment accounts he is proposing would have rules to prevent workers from gambling away their retirement money. He appealed for congressional action to shore up the system and said lawmakers supporting him wouldn't be risking their seats.	0
0	Arafat #39;s funeral today, world leaders arrive in Cairo to pay last <b>...</b>  Leaders from various parts of the world have started arriving in the Egyptian capital Cairo to pay their last respects to the late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, who died on Thursday morning.	2
1	Bush Adamant on Iraq Election Schedule  Bush Rejects Calls From More Than a Dozen Political Parties in Iraq to Postpone Jan. 30 Elections. US President Bush delivers his foreign policy speech at Pier 21, in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada, on Wednesday, Dec. 1, 2004.	0
0	Kerry: Bush Has Ignored Working Women (AP)  AP - Democrat John Kerry accused the president of ignoring the pressures building on working women and promised to alleviate some of the economic stress in his party's weekly radio address Saturday.	1
0	Gaza Pullout To Start Summer 2005, Last 12 Weeks: Israeli PM  JERUSALEM, Sept 22 (AFP) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Wednesday that Israel #39;s withdrawal of troops and settlers from the Gaza Strip would start in the summer of 2005 and last 12 weeks, in an interview with public television.	4
0	Bush's Sept. 11 Proclamation (AP)  AP - President Bush's Sept. 11 proclamation, as released by The White House:	0
1	Palestinians cool to apparent softening by Sharon  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon apparently has softened his stance that Palestinians must crack down on militants before he will restart peace talks, but Palestinian leaders on Friday said Sharon should go further and drop all 	4
0	Kerry Set to Clarify Positions in Debate  BAL HARBOUR, Fla. - Calling President Bush "a very clever debater," Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry says their first appearance together Thursday night will give him the opportunity to be clear with people about where he stands on issues...	0 1
1	Bushs Possible Choices for Second-Term Cabinet  WASHINGTON, 5 November 2004 - Now that the Bush Administration has regained the White House, Bush and his aides are focusing on the transition process.	0
0	North Korea Says Talks with U.S. Are Pointless   SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea described President Bush on  Monday as a tyrannical political imbecile who put Adolf Hitler  in the shade and said Pyongyang could see no justification for  talks with his administration.	0
1	Kerry Courts Blacks, Hispanics With Ads  John Kerry and his allies are intensifying their efforts to reach out to blacks and Hispanics with waves of new advertisements meant to energize two groups that historically side with the Democratic Party.	1
1	Airing their differences  In a debate highlighting broad differences in foreign-policy vision and personal style, President Bush and Sen. John 	0
1	Florida talking Ivan and Jeanne, not George and John  Hutchinson Island, Fla. -- President Bush and his Democratic challenger John Kerry made landfall in Florida on Wednesday, ready to spin voters and pound political issues in the first presidential debate tonight.	0 1
0	Lack of a successor clouds future after Arafat  YASSER Arafat seems to have held off one more challenge to his rule. But his latest victory does not answer the question of what will happen when he finally does leave the political scene.	2
1	Bush #39;s approval rating slipping  President Bush and Sen. John Kerry head toward their third and final televised debate this week with voters increasingly pessimistic about the economy, the war in Iraq 	0 1
1	Bush seeks new restraints on lawsuits  Washington -- President Bush insisted Wednesday that Congress curb class-action and other lawsuits over asbestos and medical injuries as part of his second- term economic agenda.	0
1	Duped CBS Regrets Airing Disputed Bush Memos (Reuters)  Reuters - In an enormous blow to its credibility, CBS News on Monday said it had been deliberately misled over the authenticity of documents it aired in a story challenging President Bush's military service.	0
0	Palestinian Delegation Arrives at Arafat's Hospital   PARIS (Reuters) - Palestinian officials hoping to see  Yasser Arafat arrived at a French military hospital on Tuesday  where their 75-year-old leader was in a deep coma.	2
0	Singapore: Arafat #39;s death chance for peace  Singapore hopes President Yasser Arafat #39;s death will be  quot;an opportunity for a lasting, just and peaceful solution to the Arab-Israeli issue, quot; a spokesman said.	2
1	Arafat #39;s widow retrieves his medical file  Yasser Arafat #39;s widow took possession of the late Palestinian leader #39;s widely sought medical records Friday, and was deciding whether to make the file public to  quot;stop all these false ideas quot; of what caused his death, her lawyer said.	2
0	US Sees Chance of Peace Hinging on Arafat Successor   WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. officials hope Yasser Arafat's  death on Thursday will offer a new chance for Middle East peace  but said it depends on who replaces him, how much power they  wield and whether they have the legitimacy to strike a deal.	2
0	British prime minister undergoes successful operation  British Prime Minister Tony Blair is recovering at Downing Street, after undergoing hospital treatment for a recurring heart complaint.	3
0	Bush Met by Protests in Chile  President Bush arrived in Chile on Friday to press the 21 nations of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation forum to help with North Korea, terrorism and opening up regional trade.	0
1	Senate Passes Historic Intelligence Reform  The US Congress on Wednesday gave final approval to the biggest overhaul of US spy agencies in more than 50 years, sending the bill to President Bush for his signature.	0
1	Bush to Watch VP Debate at White House  WASHINGTON - The vice presidential debate was must-see TV for President Bush and Democratic Sen. John Kerry, who cleared their schedules Tuesday night to watch their running mates.	0 1
0	Palestinians to See Arafat Despite Wife's Fury   PARIS (Reuters) - Palestinian leaders headed to Paris on  Monday to see critically ill President Yasser Arafat at a  French military hospital despite a scathing attack by his wife  who accused them of plotting to "bury him alive."	2
1	Bush and Kerry Clash Over Iraq and a Timetable  LEVELAND, Sept. 6 - Senator John Kerry and President Bush clashed repeatedly over Iraq on Monday, with Mr. Kerry branding it  quot;the wrong war in the wrong place at the wrong time quot; and saying he wanted all American 	0 1
1	Blair Risks Backlash in Iraq Troop Move  Britain agreed on Thursday to a US request for Britain troops to move to dangerous areas near Baghdad, a politically risky step for Tony Blair who could face a sharp backlash if casualty rates start rising.	3
0	Candidates Play on Fears of Attacks, War  WASHINGTON - Playing on the fear factor, Vice President Dick Cheney suggested in a campaign speech there might be another terrorist attack on the United States if John Kerry were in the White House. President Bush's opponents' are raising their own worst fears, including the potential for more wars during a second Bush term...	0 1
1	Israeli and Palestinian Politics in Uncertainty and Disarray  Israeli Prime Minster Ariel Sharon says he is determined to find new partners for his coalition government after suffering a major defeat in parliament.	4
0	Arafat Stable as Row Looms Over Burial Site   PARIS (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat was in a critical but  stable condition on Friday as a row brewed over where he would  be buried and questions loomed about who might succeed him.	2
1	Blunkett resigns, Charles Clarke new home secretary:  World News: London, Dec 16 : British Prime Minister Tony Blair moved quickly to fill the political vacuum created by David Blunkett #39;s resignation as home secretary, appointing Education Secretary Charles Clarke in his place.	3
1	Bush Twists Kerry #39;s Words on Iraq  WACO, Texas - President George W. Bush opened several new scathing lines of attack against Democrat John Kerry, charges that twisted his rival #39;s words on Iraq and made Kerry seem supportive of deposed dictator Saddam Hussein.	0 1
0	Blair urges Europe, US to work together  Prime Minister Tony Blair of Britain, seeking to repair ties between the United States and Europe, urged Washington yesterday to reach out to its 	3
0	Arafat in Coma, Critical State -Palestinian Envoy  Palestinian President Yasser Arafat is not brain dead but is critically ill in a coma, between life and death, Palestinian envoy to Paris Leila Shahid said on Friday.	2
0	Iraqi PM to Make U.N. Debut (AP)  AP - Two years after he tried  #151; and failed  #151; to convince the United Nations of the need to go to war in Iraq, President Bush will deliver a strikingly different message when he speaks to the 191-member world body this week.	0
1	Yasser Arafat #39;s unrelenting journey  The world watches the unfolding drama as the man who has become the symbol for Palestinian nationalism seems to hover between life and death.	2
0	Syrian Troop Redeployment Said Meaningless  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon reacted skeptically on Wednesday to a redeployment of Syrian troops in Lebanon, saying that the move did not mean any real change in Syrian policy.	4
0	US Changes West Bank Policy to Help Sharon: NYTimes   NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Bush administration has signaled  approval of growth in some Israeli settlements in the West Bank  in a policy change aimed at helping Prime Minister Ariel  Sharon, the New York Times said on Saturday.	4
0	Bush Fund-Raisers Set High Inaugural Goals (AP)  AP - The team raising money for President Bush's inaugural festivities plans to raise  #36;40 million to  #36;50 million, with much of the money coming from six-figure donors.	0
0	Kerry Stumps for Black Voters at Churches (AP)  AP - With just three Sundays left before Election Day, Sen. John Kerry is asking for all the help he can get from black voters and the Almighty.	1
0	Bush, Kerry Go on the Attack After Debate  ELYRIA, Ohio - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry, their animosity stirred by a contentious second debate, lit into each other over Iraq, jobs and debate performance in critical battleground states...	0 1
0	Arafats condition remains critical  French doctors  PARIS, November 7 (Itar-Tass) -- The condition of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat remains critical and without any changes, official representative of the medical service of the French army Gen.	2
3	Dollar up in Asia as Bush lead eyed  TOKYO (CBS.MW) -- The dollar extended early gains in Asian trading Wednesday, with the US presidential election outcome still too close to call but preliminary returns tipped toward incumbent President George W. Bush.	0
0	Israel balks at Arafat burial place  Israel is determined to keep Yasser Arafat out of Jerusalem even in death, with one Cabinet minister saying Friday that the holy city is reserved for the burial of Jewish kings,  quot;not Arab terrorists.	2
0	From Afar, Kerry Cheers on the Red Sox (AP)  AP - John Kerry has been a lifelong fan of the Boston Red Sox, but he's having a hard time keeping up with their winning hopes while he pursues his own.	1
0	March Draws Hundreds of Thousands to NY Streets (Reuters)  Reuters - Hundreds of thousands of demonstrators carrying colorful banners and shouting "no more Bush" took to the streets of New York on Sunday, the day before the Republican convention was to open, to decry the U.S.-led war in Iraq and President Bush's policies.	0
0	Tensions high for Israeli vote  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon was heckled repeatedly yesterday as he opened a two-day debate in parliament on his plan to pull Jewish settlers from the Gaza Strip and parts of the West Bank.	4
1	Bush campaign to base ad on Kerry terror quote  President Bush #39;s campaign announced Sunday its plans to use as the basis of a new commercial a quote from an 8,000-word New York Times Magazine article about Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry.	0 1
0	Arafat 'all clear' after surgery  The Palestinian leader has undergone exploratory tests that show he has no major illness, doctors say.	2
0	Chirac speaks out on differences over Iraq ahead of Blair meeting  The war in Iraq has not made the world a safer place, Jacques Chirac, the French President, declared last night on the eve of a visit to Britain during which he will hold talks with Tony Blair.	3
1	Kerry blows the second debate  Posted Saturday, Oct. 9, 2004, at 1:10 AM PT- In honor of the baseball playoffs, I #39;ve borrowed the metaphor of a ninth-inning rally to describe the Democrats #39; October comeback.	1
0	US administration visits anger Democrats (AFP)  AFP - Top members of President George W. Bush's administration are frequent visitors to key swing states ahead of the November 2 US election bringing accusations from Democrats that the taxpayer is subsidising the Bush campaign.	0
1	EMBARGOED-Democrats vow to protect Social Security  Democrats vowed on Saturday to protect the Social Security retirement program from  quot;privatization quot; by US President George W. Bush and his Republican allies, who expanded their congressional majorities in elections this week.	0
1	Bush, Kerry  amp; Vietnam  he mystery is not that newspapers, television and news agencies want to look into George W. Bush #39;s National Guard record--but rather why they have not done much more about it earlier.	0 1
0	Bush, Kerry agree on three debates (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush and his Democratic challenger Senator John Kerry will hold three televised debates before the November 2 election, their campaigns said.	0 1
0	Arafat's Body En Route to Cairo Funeral  As the body of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat was flown from Paris on Thursday, en route to a funeral in Cairo and burial in the West Bank, Arafat's powers and responsibilities were transferred to four new leaders.	2
0	Blair Was Warned of Post-War Iraq Chaos -- Paper (Reuters)  Reuters - Britain's foreign secretary and senior officials warned Prime Minister Tony Blair a year before invading Iraq that chaos could follow the toppling of Saddam Hussein, a newspaper said Saturday.	3
1	Bush has squandered lives, US reputation  First, to hear John Kerry lay out his plans for the mess in Iraq and for keeping a lid on terror. I wasnt disappointed. Kerry mapped out a strong and sensible plan to bring peace to Iraq, thereby saving 	0 1
0	Arafat's Condition Worsens Overnight (AP)  AP - Ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat's condition worsened overnight, hospital officials said Tuesday, and the coma he has been in for almost a week has deepened.	2
0	U.S. Servicemen React to Bush Guard Memos  ALBANY, Ga. - Some current and retired members of the National Guard and other military services say they aren't bothered by newly revealed memos that indicate President Bush got preferential treatment in the Air National Guard during the Vietnam War, while others say they are troubling...	0
0	Arafat doctors say he doesn #39;t have cancer  RAMALLAH, West Bank Yasser Arafat #39;s doctors have been looking over the results of his blood tests and they #39;re ruling out cancer.	2
0	Kerry Stirs Gasoline Debate Amid Record Oil Prices (Reuters)  Reuters - Crude oil prices near  #36;50 a barrel spurred an attempt by John Kerry's campaign on Friday to re-inject gasoline price concerns into the election-year debate.	1
0	Liberals Dismayed by 'Moral Values' Claims (AP)  AP - Family values, traditional values and now, "moral values." Most American adults would say they have them, and yet that two-word phrase is the focus of an ideological tug-of-war heightened by President Bush's re-election, with conservatives declaring principal ownership and liberals scrambling to challenge them.	0
1	Global Stocks Rally, Oil Up as Bush Wins  US stocks climbed while bonds fell and the dollar lost ground against the euro on Wednesday as Republican President Bush won re-election in a tight race.	0
0	Elder Bush, Clinton to Lead Relief Effort (AP)  AP - President Bush has tapped former Presidents Clinton and Bush to lead a nationwide charitable fund-raising effort for victims of the Asian tsunamis, the White House announced Monday.	0
0	Bush, Kerry Trade Charges on Leadership (AP)  AP - Bitingly personal, President Bush called Sen. John Kerry too weak and wavering for wartime leadership Thursday while the Democrat held Bush responsible for missing explosives in Iraq. "The commander in chief is not getting his job done," Kerry said.	0 1
1	Fresh concern raised over Arafat #39;s health  The health of Yasser Arafat, the Palestinian leader, deteriorated significantly yesterday prompting doctors in France to conduct further tests.	2
0	Bush Now Backs Budget Powers in New Spy Post  The president wanted to give a new national intelligence chief "full budgetary authority," a sharp shift from an earlier position.	0
0	Right-Wing Israelis Protest Withdrawal Plan  Thousands of right-wing Israelis packed the streets of central Jerusalem tonight in the latest mass protest against Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to withdraw Jewish settlers from the Gaza Strip.	4
0	In letters to Bush, Kerry, Cuban exiles seek firmer anti-Castro US stance (AFP)  AFP - In an open letter to US President George W. Bush and his Democratic rival John Kerry, the leading Cuban-American lobby group called for tougher US policies against Cuba's communist government.	0 1
1	Arafat allowed to see doctors  According to an Israeli official, Yasir Arafat was allowed to see doctors from Tunisia. For almost three years, Mr. Arafat, the Palestinian leader, has been in Ramallah on the West Bank for most of the last three years.	2
0	French to release Arafat medical records  French officials were expected to release the medical records of Yasser Arafat to his nephew today, with Palestinian officials indicating they would make them public.	2
0	Bush, Hu Discuss Chinese Currency Plans (AP)  AP - Chinese President Hu Jintao told President Bush that China remains committed to a plan to allow its currency to float freely against the dollar, a senior U.S. administration official said.	0
0	Concern grows over ailing Arafat  Medics, aides and family rush to the West Bank as fears grow for Yasser Arafat's health.	2
1	A Politician, Not a Diplomat  Two weeks before the 2004 presidential election, the Bush administration #39;s national security adviser, Condoleezza Rice, made a solemn pronouncement about her desire to remain outside the political fight between Democrat John Kerry and the man who this 	1
0	Bush defends invasion, seeks Canada's support  HALIFAX, Nova Scotia -- Appealing to an ally that has drifted from America's side, President Bush called on Canada yesterday to recognize the need for preemptive military action in the fight against terror, and said the establishment of a free and democratic Iraq is vital to the North American neighbors regardless of disagreements over the war.	0
0	Let Israel, Palestine find their own peace  If Yasser Arafat #39;s death does improve the prospects of peace between Israel and the Palestinians, here #39;s what the United States should do about it: Nothing.	2
3	IT #39;S NEVER TOO EARLY TO PLAN A PENSION  and it has caught the government on the hop. Tony Blair will be told this week that a staggering 10 million pensioners could end up in chronic 	3
1	Gloves Come Off As Pols Use Boxing Terms  MILWAUKEE - Gloves up, the presidential race is turning into a real slugfest, with both sides using the lingo of boxing greats. President Bush threw the first verbal punch with his stump speech refrain, "He can run, but he can't hide." The line comes from former heavyweight champion Joe Louis, and Bush often repeats it as he criticizes Sen...	0
0	Delegates, Protesters Descend on New York  NEW YORK - Abortion-rights protesters and the first Republican delegates descended on President Bush's heavily fortified convention city Saturday as campaign officials said their boss would use the nomination spotlight to defend his hawkish foreign polices and offer a second-term agenda for health care, education and job training.   "He believes it's important for a candidate to talk about what he's done and, most important, where he wants to lead," said adviser Karen Hughes, aboard Bush's campaign bus in Ohio...	0
1	It #39;s Kerry #39;s antiwar acts they resent  IT WAS John Kerry, not the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth, who picked this fight. He was the one who made his long-ago stint in Vietnam the centerpiece of his campaign for president.	1
1	Bush and Kerry Step Up Fight Over US Security  President Bush and Democratic Sen. John Kerry stepped up a fierce campaign fight over US security on Friday, with Kerry accusing Bush of irresponsible 	0 1
0	Ashcroft Condemns Judges Who Question Bush (AP)  AP - Federal judges are jeopardizing national security by issuing rulings contradictory to President Bush's decisions on America's obligations under international treaties and agreements, Attorney General John Ashcroft said Friday.	0
0	Unprecedented Peril Forces Tough Calls  Like the "war on terrorism," which it often intersected, President Bush's efforts against nuclear proliferation has followed many paths.	0
3	Billionaire Bush-hater returning to roots  George Soros is not a man to sit still. The Hungarian-born billionaire, now 74, took time out yesterday from his 12-state campaign to unseat President Bush related, bio to announce a reorganization 	0
0	Summary: Momentum Key in 2004 Election (AP)  AP - THE ISSUE: While the race for the presidency is now a virtual dead-heat between President Bush and Democrat John Kerry, on Election Day it could turn into a landslide.	0 1
0	Arafat remains in critical state  Yasser Arafat continues to fight for his life as Palestinian leaders gather to discuss who might succeed him if he dies.	2
0	Bush again accuses Iran of making nuclear material  SANTIAGO, Chile - President Bush increased the administration #39;s pressure on Iran on Saturday, accusing the country of speeding forward in the production of a key ingredient for nuclear weapons fuel, a move he said was  quot;a very serious matter quot; that 	0
0	Danforth steps down from U.N. position (USATODAY.com)  USATODAY.com - John Danforth, the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, has resigned after less than six months on the job, part of a growing exodus of high-ranking Bush administration officials before the president's second term begins next month.	0
0	Bush rejects Iraq vote delay  President Bush rejected calls for a delay in next month #39;s Iraqi elections, insisting Thursday that the vote was too important to put off even though violence and chaos still grip the country.	0
0	Bush Extends Condolences on Arafat's Death (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush expressed American condolences late on Wednesday for the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat and called it "a significant moment" for the Palestinians in their bid for peace and an independent state.	0 2
1	Most US Hispanics Back Kerry - Poll  A majority of US Hispanics plan to vote for Sen. John Kerry in Tuesday #39;s election, possibly offering the Democratic challenger a crucial boost against President Bush, an opinion poll showed.	0 1
0	Kerry Vows to Fight for Middle Class  SANTA FE, N.M. - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry promised to work for the middle class and energy independence, as he landed in this closely divided southwestern state to prepare for the last presidential debate...	1
0	Kerry Hammers Away on Explosives as Bush Shifts Focus  Both candidates are making their final blitzes through several swing states in the waning hours of the campaign, delivering punchier and sharper critiques.	1
1	Arafat succession defined by constitution  President of the Palestinian National Council Selim Zaanoun denied Thursday that a three-man committee had been formed to succeed the ailing Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Memos Show Bush Suspended From Flying  WASHINGTON - The White House released memos Wednesday night saying that George W. Bush was suspended from flying fighter jets for failing to meet standards of the Texas Air National Guard...	0
0	Fox newspeople say allegations of bias unfounded (USATODAY.com)  USATODAY.com - President Bush's twins daughters, Barbara and Jenna, "came off, frankly, as ditzes" when they spoke to the Republican National Convention, one commentator said.	0
0	Brother Sees Hope for British Hostage (AP)  AP - The brother of a British engineer held hostage in Iraq said he was encouraged about a possible release after two Italian aid workers were freed after three weeks, while Prime Minister Tony Blair said the British government was trying to contact the man's abductors.	3
0	Bush Visits Fla., Gives  $2B in Relief Aid  FORT PIERCE, Fla. - President Bush on Wednesday helped distribute bottled water, bags of ice, food and  $2 billion in federal aid to hurricane-battered residents of this vital electoral state...	0
0	Records Contradict Kerry Critic's Charges -Report (Reuters)  Reuters - Military records contradict a critic's charge that U.S. Democratic presidential hopeful John Kerry did not come under fire during the battle that resulted in military honors for Kerry, The Washington Post reported on Thursday.	1
0	Annan Faults Bush Over Iraq War  UN Secretary General Kofi Annan took on Tuesday, September 21, a fresh, though an implicit, jab at US President George W. Bush in a clear sign that world opinion was still far from making peace with the war in Iraq.	0
1	Kerry Slams Bush On WMD Report  (CBS/AP) Democratic Sen. John Kerry said Thursday that a new report finding Iraq had no stockpiles of banned weapons  quot;provided definitive evidence as to why George Bush should not be re-elected president of the United States.	1
0	Blair in talks with Iraqi leader  Tony Blair is to hold his first talks with Iraq's interim prime minister Iyad Allawi at Downing Street. 	3
0	Blair to Press on Climate Change, Challenge Bush   LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's Tony Blair will make an  uncompromising speech on climate change on Tuesday, urging the  world to act in concert and pressing Washington to change its  stance.	3
0	Blair deputy tells political challengers to steer clear  LONDON -- Tony Blair's deputy, John Prescott, warned potential leadership rivals yesterday they would not be forgiven for challenging Britain's prime minister and threatening electoral success.	3
1	Bush, Kerry poll even in six key states  President George W. Bush and Democratic Sen. John Kerry were neck and neck in six major battleground states, a weekend CNN/USA Today/Gallup poll found.	0 1
1	Candidates parry as 3d debate looms  As both men campaigned yesterday for New Mexico #39;s five electoral votes, President Bush tried to inflict new damage on challenger 	0
0	Reform candidate enters PA race  Palestinian democracy activist Mustafa Barghouti joins the race to replace Yasser Arafat as Palestinian president.	2
1	Bush, Kerry reach across party lines to attack on national <b>...</b>  President Bush and Sen. John Kerry accused each other of lacking the hard-nosed resolve of Cold War presidents -- from Democrat Truman to Republican Reagan -- reaching across party lines 	0 1
0	Israeli Cabinet OKs compensation law  The Israeli Cabinet approved Sunday the Evacuation-Compensation Law to compensate settlers under Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s disengagement plan.	4
0	Kidnappers Behead British Hostage in Iraq  BAGHDAD, Iraq - Kidnappers beheaded British hostage Kenneth Bigley after twice releasing videos in which he wept and pleaded with Prime Minister Tony Blair for his life. One of Bigley's brothers blamed Blair, saying Friday the prime minister has "blood on his hands."   The 62-year-old civil engineer was at least the 28th hostage slain in Iraq...	3
0	SUMMARY: Bush Proposed Health Care Policy (AP)  AP - GOT HEALTH CARE? Making health care more accessible and affordable was a centerpiece of President Bush's campaign.	0
0	With Arafat #39;s passing, Israelis and Palestinians must advance <b>...</b>  15 November 2004 - Briefing the Security Council on the situation in the Middle East in the wake of the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, the senior United Nations envoy to the region urged both sides today to advance the peace process.	2
0	Bush Sidesteps Annan Resignation Issue (AP)  AP - President Bush on Thursday declined to endorse a Republican senator's call for U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan to resign but did not offer Annan any words of support.	0
0	AP: Bush Faults Kerry for Scare Tactics  ABOARD AIR FORCE ONE - President Bush on Monday accused Democratic rival Sen. John Kerry of "shameless scare tactics" by suggesting that the president would jeopardize Social Security for older Americans and bring back the military draft for young people...	0 1
1	 #39;Sharon intent on tearing Israel in two #39;  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is leading the nation to a split that could end up as a civil war, and refuses to even consider taking steps that would maintain 	4
0	Sharon refuses IDF request to wind up Jabalya operation  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is withholding his approval to wrap up the military operation in the northern Gaza Strip, despite the Israel Defense Forces #39; recommendation to withdraw.	4
1	Bush Defends Iraq Invasion, US Action on Threats (Update1)  President George W. Bush, confronted by antiwar protesters in Canada, defended his decision to invade Iraq and said the US would always act against threats even if opposed by other nations.	0
0	Britain Considers U.S. Request for Iraq Troop Help   LONDON (Reuters) - Britain said Monday it will respond soon  to a U.S. request to send troops to more dangerous areas of  Iraq, a politically charged issue that has revived anger over  Prime Minister Tony Blair's support for the war.	3
0	Bush Vows Rapid Aid to Hurricane Victims  PUNTA GORDA, Fla. - Residents left homeless by Hurricane Charley's 145 mph winds dug through their ravaged homes on Sunday, sweeping up shattered glass and rescuing what they could as President Bush promised rapid delivery of disaster aid...	0
1	PRESIDENT BUSH NAMES CHOICE FOR HHS SECRETARY  President Bush announces his latest choice for the cabinet job of  quot;Health and Human Services quot;. Mr. Bush is picking the current Environmental Protection Agency chief Mike Leavitt.	0
0	PNA condemns Sharon #39;s decision to expand settlements in W. Bank  GAZA, Aug. 18 (Xinhuanet) -- The Palestinian National Authority (PNA) condemned on Wednesday the decision of Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon to build 1,000 housing units in the West settlements. 	4
0	Arafat's Nephew Says Cause of Death Inconclusive (Reuters)  Reuters - Yasser Arafat's nephew said on Monday that medical records released by France showed no trace of known poisons in the late Palestinian leader but the cause of death remained a mystery.	2
1	Viewers speak out on debate  One down, two to go. President George W. Bush and Senator John Kerry were talking foreign policy Thursday night at the University of Miami.	0 1
0	New poll puts Kerry ahead as Bush pounds him on foreign policy (AFP)  AFP - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry, buoyed by a strong showing in his televised debate with George W. Bush, has recaptured a small lead in their White House race, a Newsweek poll showed.	0 1
2	Talking Point: Silverstone  Who do you feel is to blame; Bernie, the British Racing Drivers #39; Club, the British government? Was Bernie asking too much, should the BRDC have found the money or should Tony Blair #39;s government have helped out, and if so how would tax payers react?	3
1	Health care reform crucial in election  If you feel like you know about President Bush #39;s timber company or Senator Kerry #39;s outspoken wife more than either candidate #39;s health care plan for America, then keep reading.	0 1
0	Arafat Remains in Critical Condition  NPR.org, November 6, 2004  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat remains in critical condition at a hospital outside Paris, said to be in a coma.	2
0	Protests Target Bush at Summit in Chile  Riot police used water cannons and tear gas Friday to break up a demonstration by hundreds of rock-throwing protesters before more than 20,000 people marched to vent their anger at Pacific Rim leaders, particularly President Bush.	0
0	ELECTION DEAL MARKS NEW PEACE PROGRESS  JERUSALEM - Israel and the Palestinians yesterday agreed on how to hold next month #39;s election to replace Yasser Arafat -he latest evidence of progress toward peace in the post-Arafat era.	2
1	Bush, Blair Back Palestinian Elections  President Bush and British Prime Minister Tony Blair say there is a new opportunity for peace in the Middle East, following the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat.	0 2 3
0	More Comments, More Lines of Attack for Kerry and Bush  President Bush continued to try to paint his opponent as weak on defense; John Kerry criticized Mr. Bush's energy policy.	0 1
1	Bush, Kerry Set for Three Debates (Reuters)  Reuters - The nonpartisan panel that regulates presidential debates has scheduled three rounds between President Bush and Sen. John Kerry, organizers announced.	0 1
1	Labour Party Members Urged to Back Blair  BRIGHTON, England - Britain #39;s treasury chief - widely believed to harbor leadership ambitions - urged Labour Party members Monday to support embattled Prime Minister Tony Blair and not let the Iraq war derail their annual convention.	3
1	Arafat in  quot;Deeper Coma quot;  Yasser Arafat has fallen into a deeper coma, according to the French military hospital treating the Palestinian leader. Gen. Christian Estripeau, a spokesman for the Percy Military Training Hospital outside 	2
0	Howard ire over Bush rift report  The Tory leader reacts angrily to reports that he has been told his stance on the war means he cannot meet President Bush.	0
1	Abbas denies Gaza shootout aimed at him  Mahmoud Abbas, newly-named chief of the Palestinian Liberation Organization, denied the shootout in Arafat #39;s mourning tent in Gaza on Sunday was aimed at him.	2
0	Sharon #39;s Settler Withdrawal Plan Suffers Major Setback  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has suffered a major setback to his proposed withdrawal of Israeli settlers from the Gaza Strip, after his Likud Party voted against forming a new coalition government to push the plan forward. 	4
0	Bush Seeks Unity on North Korea, Iran (AP)  AP - Facing nuclear challenges on two fronts, President Bush warned Saturday that Iran's suspected weapons program is "a very serious matter," and he stood united with leaders of Asia and Russia in demanding North Korea's return to stalled disarmament talks.	0
1	Bush II Cabinet: the shuffle and shape of things to come  His inner sanctum faces one of the biggest turnovers since Nixon. But with an agenda already set, the cast of characters may matter less.	0
0	Blair to Have 'Routine' Heart Treatment (AP)  AP - British Prime Minister Tony Blair said he will undergo a medical procedure Friday to correct an irregular heartbeat, calling it a routine treatment that won't prevent him from seeking another term in office.	3
0	Kerry - Bush Guilty of N.Korean 'Nuclear Nightmare' (Reuters)  Reuters - Democratic presidential candidate Sen. John Kerry accused the Bush administration of letting a "nuclear nightmare" develop by refusing to deal with North Korea when it first came to office.	1
0	People here hope for peace, unity in Middle East  (November 12, 2004) - In the hours since Yasser Arafat #39;s death, it seems one question has been on the world #39;s mind: What will it mean?	2
0	Blair prepares for African trip  Prime Minister Tony Blair is preparing for a gruelling trip to Africa just days after undergoing heart treatment.	3
1	Pa. Receives Handwritten Reply From Bush  JOHNSTOWN, Pa. - Ten-year-old Amber Easterbrook says she has three main goals in life: going to heaven, taking a trip to Hawaii and meeting President Bush...	0
1	Blair Won #39;t Apologize Over Iraq  LONDON - Prime Minister Tony Blair denied Wednesday that he misrepresented intelligence about Iraqi weapons before the war, rejecting growing demands in Parliament that he apologize.	3
0	Israel's Parliament Likely to Approve Gaza Pullout (Reuters)  Reuters - Israel's divided parliament is widely expected to ratify Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's Gaza withdrawal plan on Tuesday, a crucial step toward the first evacuation of settlers from lands Palestinians want for a state.	4
1	Bush tours politically crucial Florida, vows hurricane aid  President Bush toured hurricane-battered Florida for the fifth time in six weeks on Wednesday, delivering sympathy and promises of aid to hard-hit citrus growers in a crucial part of the politically vital state.	0
0	Bush-Kerry Debate Draws 62.5 Million U.S. Viewers (Reuters)  Reuters - At least 62.5 million Americans tuned in to President Bush's debate with challenger Sen. John Kerry on Thursday, far surpassing the number who watched either political convention this summer or Bush's debates four years ago with Al Gore.	0 1
0	Arafat Has Diagnostic Procedure, No Major Ailment Found  Yasser Arafat underwent a minor diagnostic procedure on Monday and doctors found no major ailment after a week of concerns over the Palestinian president #39;s health, officials said.	2
0	Bush firm on Iraq: Blair  US President George W. Bush would not be pressured into withdrawing from Iraq the way previous US administrations had pulled out of Lebanon and Somalia and failed to send troops to Rwanda, British Prime Minister Tony Blair said today.	0 3
1	Bush, Kerry Spar Over Jobs, Health Care in Debate  In their third and final debate, President Bush attacked Democrat John Kerry as a  quot;far left quot; senator who would raise taxes while Kerry took 	0 1
0	Gaza Settlement Evacuation Plan Sped Up  JERUSALEM - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon told senior Cabinet ministers Monday he wants to evacuate all Gaza settlements at one time instead of in three stages, officials said, reflecting a major shift in position.    At a meeting of the Security Cabinet, Sharon and Defense Minister Shaul Mofaz presented their plan to evacuate all 21 Gaza settlements together, the officials said on condition of anonymity...	4
0	Kerry Questions Bush's Judgment on Iraq  NEW YORK - Sen. John Kerry said Monday that mistakes by President Bush in invading Iraq could lead to unending war and that no responsible commander in chief would have begun the war knowing Saddam Hussein didn't possess weapons of mass destruction and wasn't an imminent threat to the United States...	0 1
0	Bush, Kerry Court Voters in New Mexico  SANTA FE, N.M. - Bracing for their final debate, John Kerry accused President Bush of favoring "friends in the oil industry" over consumers strapped with rising fuel bills on Monday while Bush said his challenger so misunderstood the war on terror that he thought it could be reduced to "a nuisance" akin to prostitution or illegal gambling...	0 1
1	In Meeting With Musharraf, Bush Praises Pakistani Military  President Bush praised Pakistan #39;s military after a meeting in the Oval Office with its president, Gen. Pervez Musharraf, even though its army is pulling out 	0
0	State Dept. Presses Case Against Iran (AP)  AP - The Bush administration will keep using diplomacy to try to end Iran's drive for nuclear weapons, but there is no sign yet that Iran  #151; or North Korea  #151; has decided to follow Libya's lead and abandon its dangerous goal, a senior Bush administration official said Tuesday.	0
0	Bush, Blair to Discuss Life After Arafat   WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Bush is expected to give  an outline of his vision for a Middle East without Yasser  Arafat on Friday, with his most loyal ally Tony Blair by his  side.	0 2 3
1	Powell #39;s exit marks sharp turn in foreign policy  By accepting Secretary of State Colin Powell #39;s resignation, President Bush appears to have taken a decisive turn in his approach to foreign policy.	0
1	Bush to Nominate Neb Gov as Ag Secretary  President Bush will nominate Nebraska Gov. Mike Johanns to be the next US agriculture secretary, farm industry and administration sources said on Thursday.	0
0	Muslims drift, not run, towards Kerry (AFP)  AFP - They may not face the segregation that once defined the lives of black Americans, but many Muslim Americans feel that they are fighting the civil rights battles of the 1950s and 60s all over again.	1
0	Congress OKs  $136B Corporate Tax-Cut Bill  WASHINGTON - The Senate shipped President Bush a wide-ranging  $136 billion corporate tax-cut bill and a disaster aid package on Monday, letting lawmakers head home for the finale of the presidential and congressional campaigns.    Florida, a vote-rich prize that both parties covet, will be chief beneficiary of the  $14.5 billion disaster measure as the state rebuilds from a battering by four recent hurricanes...	0
0	Palestinian Leader Visits Saudi Arabia  Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas visited Saudi Arabia on Monday at time when many in the region are hopeful that Israelis and Arabs can make a new start on peace in the wake of Yasser Arafat #39;s death.	2
0	Latest news briefs from the Jewish Telegraphic Agency  Both vice presidential candidates said Yasser Arafat is not a partner for peace. As Vice President Dick Cheney faced off in Cleveland on Tuesday night against Sen. John Edwards (DN.	2
0	Sharon Wants to Speed Up Gaza Pullout--Sources (Reuters)  Reuters - Israel could begin withdrawing from occupied Gaza early next year under an accelerated timetable that Prime Minister Ariel Sharon plans to present to his Likud party on Tuesday, political sources said.	4
1	Kerry aide talked to source of CBS story  NEW YORK - A top adviser to Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry says he talked to a central figure in the controversy about President Bush #39;s National Guard service at the suggestion of a CBS News producer shortly before disputed documents were 	0 1
1	Kerry accuses Bush of cronyism, Bush criticizes Kerry on taxes  US Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry and President George W. Bush traded accusations and criticism on Friday, with Kerry accusing the Bush administration of cronyism 	0 1
3	Bush Targets Key States Ahead of RNC  TROY, Ohio Aug. 28, 2004 - President Bush plans to offer specific policy proposals on Social Security and other issues during his speech at the Republican National Convention, a top adviser said Saturday.	0
0	UK PM to undergo heart treatment  Tony Blair is to be admitted to hospital on Friday  for a procedure to correct a heart problem.	3
0	Support grows for Blair to keep British troops in Iraq: poll (AFP)  AFP - Support for Prime Minister Tony Blair's policy of keeping British troops in Iraq until a  quot;stable democracy quot; is ensured has increased over the past three months, according to an opinion poll published.	3
1	Bush Accuses Kerry of Big Government Health Plan  President Bush on Tuesday accused Democrat John Kerry of proposing a  quot;big government takeover quot; of the US health care system as he set the stage for his third debate with the Massachusetts senator.	0
0	Kerry Gives Money to Support Democrats (AP)  AP - John Kerry is giving  #36;250,000 to support Democrats in disputed elections in Washington state and Louisiana and forming a new fund that could help his future political ambitions.	1
3	Chasing the SUV vote  SPORT UTILITY vehicles roared into stump speeches this month, flattening all common sense. At a speech last week introducing President Bush, Virginia #39;s Governor George Allen juiced the crowd by ...	0
0	CBS Defends Report on Bush Guard Memos  WASHINGTON - CBS News mounted an aggressive defense Friday of its report about President Bush's service in the Air National Guard, with anchor Dan Rather saying broadcast memos questioned by forensic experts came from "what we consider to be solid sources."   On Friday's "CBS Evening News," Rather said that "no definitive evidence" has emerged to prove the documents are forgeries.   "If any definitive evidence comes up, we will report it," Rather said...	0
0	Officer Wrote Letter to Bush's Father  WASHINGTON - A packet of Texas Air National Guard records released Friday showed that the commanding officer of President Bush's basic training unit took a special interest in him as a trainee and wrote to his father to praise him. Democrats called that proof of preferential treatment...	0
0	New Era for Mideast After Arafat's Death (AP)  AP - Mideast diplomacy has taken off after the death of Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Potential conflict surfaces in US bid to ease Iraq's debt  WASHINGTON -- When President Bush appointed a close family friend, former secretary of state James A. Baker III, as a special envoy to help reduce Iraq's foreign debt, Baker's monumental task was clear: to persuade the governments of the world, including Kuwait, to forgive billions that Iraq owes them.	0
0	Bigley pleads for Blair #39;s help  A video of what appears to be British hostage Kenneth Bigley was posted on an Islamic website on Wednesday showing him weeping and pleading for British Prime Minister Tony Blair to help save his life.	3
1	Press Trust of India  Mahmoud Abbas, who was chosen as PLO Chief to succeed late Yasser Arafat, on Sunday survived an assassination attempt by radical Palestinian gunmen who killed two security service personnel.	2
0	Bush defends Iraq war  President George W Bush delivered an unapologetic defence of his decision to invade Iraq, telling the United Nations yesterday that it  quot;helped to deliver the Iraqi people from an outlaw dictator quot;.	0
0	On Debate's Eve, Campaigns Hone Message (washingtonpost.com)  washingtonpost.com - COLORADO SPRINGS, Oct. 12 -- As President Bush and Democratic presidential nominee John F. Kerry prepared for Wednesday night's final debate, the two sides previewed their themes for the domestic-policy showdown, with the incumbent branding Kerry a liberal and the Democrats decrying Bush's job-creation record.	0 1
1	UK hostage appeals for Blair #39;s help  A British hostage threatened with death by a militant Islamic group appealed to Prime Minister Tony Blair of Britain yesterday to save 	3
0	Arafat to undergo treatment in Paris  The Palestinian President, Yasser Arafat, is travelling to Paris this morning where he will undergo treatment for a blood disorder.	2
1	Kerry says president botched country #39;s war on terrorism  Sen. John Kerry ratcheted up his attack on President Bush Tuesday, saying he had botched the war on terrorism both at home and abroad.	0 1
1	Candidates Hopscotch Through Battleground States in Final Bid  Nursing their vocal chords and trying to keep up their energy levels, President Bush and Senator John Kerry sprinted through several battleground states on the eve of Election Day, even though 	0 1
0	Kerry admits to soft spot for Oscar winner Theron (AFP)  AFP - Democratic presidential contender John Kerry has a soft spot for South African actress Charlize Theron but is adamant that second wife Teresa Heinz-Kerry changed his life, he has told GQ magazine.	1
1	Palestinian Officials Offer Differing Accounts of Arafat #39;s <b>...</b>  French doctors are expected to issue a preliminary report on the medical condition of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat by midweek, according to Palestinian officials, who 	2
0	Arafat Health  quot;Notably Improved quot;  The condition of Palestinian President Yasser Arafat has improved markedly as he entered a fourth day of emergency treatment in France, Palestinian officials have said Monday.	2
0	Blair challenged on troops move  Tony Blair faces demands for a Commons vote on whether UK forces should provide back-up for the US in Iraq.	3
1	Kerry armed with end of weapons ban  WASHINGTON -- Hours before it once again became legal to sell military-style assault weapons, Democratic Sen. John Kerry sharply criticized President Bush on Monday for supporting an extension of the 10-year gun ban while doing little to make it happen.	0 1
0	Kerry Faults Bush for Pursuing Saddam  PHILADELPHIA - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry faulted President Bush on Friday for pursuing Saddam Hussein instead of Sept. 11 mastermind Osama bin Laden, a choice Kerry contended had made defeating terrorism more difficult...	0 1
0	Blair ally handed key role in British cabinet reshuffle (AFP)  AFP - British Prime Minister Tony Blair reshuffled his cabinet, bringing back a key ally to lead Labour's campaigning ahead of a general election, expected in Spring 2005.	3
0	Lawsuit Uncovers New Bush Guard Records (AP)  AP - President Bush ranked in the middle of his Air National Guard flight class and flew 336 hours in a fighter jet before letting his pilot status lapse and missing a key readiness drill in 1972, according to his flight records belatedly uncovered Tuesday under the Freedom of Information Act.	0
0	Beware perils of overreaching, GOP is warned (Chicago Tribune)  Chicago Tribune - Moving swiftly to consolidate their control over government in the wake of their big election triumph, President Bush and Republican leaders in Congress are facing a different kind of threat--themselves.	0
1	Parker: Kerry windsurfs over troubled waters  WASHINGTON - Riding in a cab recently, I listened as the dispatcher gave directions:  #39; #39;That #39;s P Street, as in pneumonia.	1
0	Hawk Sightings Could Be Premature  It may be risky to race to the certainty that a second Bush administration will lead the United States into a series of confrontations with the world.	0
1	Schwarzenegger puts seal on Bush   quot;America is back, quot; Californian Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger will tell Republicans as he backs President George Bush #39;s bid for a second term.	0
0	Sharon Rebuffs Netanyahu Bid for Gaza Pullout Vote (Reuters)  Reuters - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on Tuesday rejected a call from Benjamin Netanyahu, his main rival in the Likud party, to put his Gaza withdrawal plan to a referendum and vowed to carry it out on schedule.	4
1	Bush-Kerry Debate Draws 62.5 Million Viewers   LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - At least 62.5 million Americans  tuned in to President Bush's debate with challenger John Kerry  on Thursday, far surpassing the number who watched Bush's  debates four years ago with Al Gore.	0 1
0	Bush, Cheney Concede Iraq Had No WMDs  WASHINGTON - President Bush and his vice president conceded Thursday in the clearest terms yet that Saddam Hussein had no weapons of mass destruction, even as they tried to shift the Iraq war debate to a new issue - whether the invasion was justified because Saddam was abusing a U.N. oil-for-food program...	0
0	Parties Spar in Congress on Medicare Increase (Reuters)  Reuters - Senate Republicans and Democrats on Tuesday battled over blame for a record increase in Medicare health premiums, which Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry has criticized in his campaign to unseat President Bush.	0 1
1	Status of migrants a priority, says Powell  Secretary of State Colin L. Powell said yesterday that President Bush will place a high priority in his second term on granting legal status 	0
2	Spanish apologise for soccer racism  Tony Blair and the Spanish prime minister yesterday condemned the racist abuse of black England footballers by thousands of Spanish fans as the disgraceful scenes on Wednesday night prompted outrage in Britain and threatened to escalate into a diplomatic 	3
0	Upper Midwest Crucial to Kerry's Hopes  LA CROSSE, Wis. - In 2000, political pundits summed up the race in three words: Florida, Florida, Florida...	1
0	France says no sign Arafat poisoned  French Health Minister Philippe Douste-Blazy says there is no indication Yasser Arafat was poisoned, although he has not had access to medical files on the death of the Palestinian leader.	2
1	Charges Dropped in Case of 'W' Dollars  GREENSBURG, Pennsylvania - A case of funny money has ended happily for a woman who had been charged with passing a bogus  $200 bill with President George W. Bush's picture on it.  Prosecutors in Pennsylania's Westmoreland County dropped all charges Friday against Deborah L. 	0
0	Paisley demands photographs of IRA disarmament  The Irish Republican Army (IRA) must have its disarmament photographed for publication, Nor-thern Ireland #39;s hard-line Protes-tant leader declared after another negotiating session with British Prime Minister Tony Blair.	3
1	Kerry insists health plan isn #39;t government-run  Sen. John Kerry trumpeted his health care program Tuesday as a recipe to bring down soaring medical costs, rejecting Republican contentions that a Democratic plan would mean a government takeover.	1
3	Fuzzy outlook, deficits could trip Bush economic plans: analysts (AFP)  AFP - With the outlook fuzzy and the US economy saddled by big deficits, President George W. Bush will face a tough road implementing his ambitious economic agenda in a second term, analysts say.	0
0	Sharon plan  #39;blocked peace talks #39;  A top Israeli official has bluntly admitted Ariel Sharon #39;s Gaza withdrawal plan was formulated to block peace negotiations with the Palestinians.	4
0	Arafat in coma, critical  PALESTINIAN leader Yasser Arafat, under treatment in a French hospital, is in a coma, but not brain dead. Ms Leila Shahid, the Palestinian envoy to France, strongly denied reports in French and Israeli media 	2
1	Kerry to keep low profile this week  NANTUCKET, Mass. - John Kerry reached his island retreat at 2 am local time yesterday, after taking a red-eye flight from Seattle on his campaign jet, for a week of ceding the political spotlight to President Bush.	0 1
0	Israel's Sharon Accuses Far-Right of Inciting War   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  accused far-rightists on Sunday of trying to incite civil war  over his plan to withdraw from the occupied Gaza Strip and  called for measures to curb such groups.	4
0	Abbas Escapes Gunfire, Palestinians to Vote Jan. 9  Yasser Arafat #39;s interim successor escaped injury in a Gaza gunfight triggered by hostile militants on Sunday as Palestinian officials set Jan. 9 for elections to replace 	2
1	Bush Focuses on Democratic-Leaning States; Kerry Aims Wider  President George W. Bush will spend most of the last 12 days of his re-election campaign trying to prevent John Kerry from winning six states that went to Democrat Al Gore in the 2000 election.	0 1
1	Update 4: House Blocks New OT Rules; Dems Claim Win  A House vote to overturn new Bush administration rules on which workers qualify for overtime pay was hailed by Democrats trying to convince undecided voters they are the party that better protects worker rights.	0
3	Aide: Kerry Would Shift Trade Focus Toward WTO  Democrat John Kerry probably would put more time and energy into world trade talks and enforcing existing agreements than pursuing bilateral deals like the Bush administration has, a campaign adviser said.	1
0	Colorado could become the Florida of 2004 (AFP)  AFP - Whether President George W. Bush serves another four years or is ousted by challenger John Kerry may depend on a last-minute amendment to the Colorado constitution that has deeply divided residents of the western state.	0 1
0	Iraq War Will Play Heavily In Presidential Debate  John F. Kerry comes to the first of three presidential debates under pressure to rise to the moment. Over the past week, nearly a dozen national polls have been released.  When taken together, they suggest that President Bush is leading by five to six percentage points.	0
0	Bush and Kerry Differ on State of Economy  CLEVELAND - Good news, or bad? President Bush and Democrat John Kerry have differing takes about the vitality of the nation's job market - a question that's heating up this year's race for the White House.    Bush, who is campaigning Saturday in Ohio - a pivotal state that has lost tens of thousands of manufacturing jobs, says a new U.S...	0 1
1	Presidential Debate will Center on Iraq and Economy  (CBN News) - President Bush is getting ready for what is being billed as a  quot;significant quot; speech Wednesday. It will focus on the top two issues of the President #39;s campaign: the war on terror and the economy.	0
0	Sharon Rejects Army Bid to Wind Down Gaza Offensive   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's Ariel Sharon has rejected  his army's request to scale back its Gaza offensive, seeking to  avoid any show of weakness after deadly bombings in Egyptian  resorts crowded with Israelis, security sources said.	4
0	Sharon #39;s leadership in crisis as Likud rejects settler plan  Ariel Sharon #39;s political obituary was being written yesterday as opponents in Labour and his own Likud party turned their backs on the embattled Prime Minister, putting his plan for a staged withdrawal of settlers from the West ...	4
1	Bush Fires Back at Kerry Criticism  Defending the war in Iraq as  quot;right for America, quot; President Bush (website - news - bio) on Monday blasted back at Democrat John Kerry (website - news - bio)  #39;s criticism that Iraq was the  quot;wrong war in the wrong place at the wrong time.	0 1
0	Ailing Arafat Faces Days of Medical Tests   CLAMART, France (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat will undergo a  battery of medical tests on Saturday as French doctors try to  discover whether the ailing Palestinian leader is suffering  from leukemia or some other blood disorder.	2
0	Blair should keep quiet about kidnapped aid chief: Iraqi husband  LONDON, Oct 22 (AFP) - The Iraqi husband of the kidnapped Baghdad head of international relief agency CARE criticized British Prime Minister Tony Blair for commenting on his wife #39;s abduction, saying it could put her in even greater danger, in an interview 	3
1	Graphic Designer Fired After Heckling Bush  CHARLESTON, W.Va. - A man who heckled President Bush at a political rally was fired from his job at an advertising and design company for offending a client who provided tickets to the event...	0
0	Abbas Vows Arms Crackdown Before Palestinian Vote   GAZA (Reuters) - Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas on  Wednesday vowed a crackdown on armed groups operating in  Palestinian areas in order to smooth the way to a Jan. 9  presidential election for a successor to Yasser Arafat.	2
0	UN chief congratulates Bush on re-election  United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan on Wednesday congratulated US President George W. Bush on his re-election and hoped to maintain  quot;positive and productive quot; relations 	0
1	Ariel Sharon Calls for Expansion of Army #39;s Gaza Raid  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Saturday that Israel should expand its massive raid of northern Gaza, the army #39;s biggest and deadliest offensive in more than four years of conflict with the Palestinians.	4
1	Blair under fire on Iraq claims  Tony Blair has apologised for mistakes in pre-war intelligence on Iraq #39;s weapons of mass destruction but has denied deliberately deceiving anyone.	3
1	Media disgrace  As if to prove that the Dan Rather forged document scandal was not just an isolated incident, CBS News was ready to run another bogus story against President Bush on  quot;60 Minutes quot; -- right before the election -- until an old NBC report surfaced, showing 	0
1	Bush Picks Kellogg CEO for Commerce  President Bush on Monday chose Carlos Gutierrez, the Cuban-born CEO of Kellogg Co (KN: Quote, Profile, Research) , as his nominee to be commerce secretary, his second selection of a Hispanic for a second-term Cabinet.	0
0	Officer Wrote Letter to Bush's Father  WASHINGTON - A packet of Texas Air National Guard records released Friday showed that the commanding officer of President Bush's basic training unit took a special interest in him as a trainee and wrote to his father to praise him. Democrats called that proof of preferential treatment...	0
1	Bush tours hurricane-hit states  PENSACOLA, FLA. - US President George W. Bush toured parts of Florida and Alabama on Sunday to see for himself the damage caused by Hurricane Ivan.	0
0	Kerry faults Bush over Bin Laden  John Kerry says President Bush was wrong to pursue Saddam Hussein instead of Osama Bin Laden.	0 1
1	Bush and Kerry step up credibility battle before last debate  COLORADO SPRINGS, Colorado, Oct 12 (AFP) - George W. Bush and election rival John Kerry hammered away at each other #39;s credibility Tuesday ahead of their final debate while Democrats were outraged about a new anti-Kerry documentary.	0 1
0	Authenticity of Bush Memos Scrutinized  WASHINGTON - Questions are being raised about the authenticity of newly unearthed memos which asserted that George W. Bush ignored a direct order from a superior officer in the Texas Air National Guard and lost his status as a pilot because he failed to meet military performance standards and undergo a required physical exam...	0
0	Poll: More Believe Bush Behind Attack Ads (AP)  AP - Americans increasingly believe President Bush's re-election campaign is behind the ads attacking Democrat John Kerry's Vietnam experience, a poll found.	0
1	More Nasal Spray Flu Vaccine Coming -Officials  Another 1 million doses of a nasal spray influenza vaccine will be available in the United States this year, Bush administration officials said on Thursday as they sought to calm concerns about a flu shot shortage.	0
0	Blair meets Ahern ahead of crunch talks  Tony Blair is holding talks with his Irish counterpart Bertie Ahern in a bid to inject renewed pace into the peace process. The informal discussions, which will take place at the prime minister #39;s Sedgefield 	3
1	Stuart James: Kerry  amp; Cheney: Agreeing On The Gay Issue?   quot;Lynn and I have a gay daughter so it #39;s an issue our family is very familiar with. With respect to the question of relationships my general view is freedom means freedom for everyone.	1
1	Palestinian official denies committee to act for ailing Arafat  A senior Palestinian official denied Thursday that a three-man committee has been appointed to act for the ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, who was in critical condition after a stomach flu Wednesday.	2
0	N.Korea Says Met U.S. Officials, No Nuclear Progress   SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea made clear on Saturday it  would not return to six-party talks on its nuclear programs  until President Bush assembled his new team and Washington  decided its policy toward Pyongyang.	0
1	In an anti-Bush world, key backers  By most accounts President Bush is almost universally disliked, even reviled, around the world. Seven out of 10 French citizens would vote against him if they could.	0
1	Bush #39;s task is clear  Beset by a cranky economy and a war that attracts the support of less than half of the nation #39;s voters, President Bush marches into the Republican National Convention 	0
0	Buoyed by polls, Bush shows new confidence (USATODAY.com)  USATODAY.com - In the unpredictable world of politics, leads in the polls and candidates' confidence can evaporate in an instant. But President Bush and his campaign advisers are feeling pretty good these days about his chances.	0
1	Middle East high on Bush-Blair agenda  President Bush was meeting Friday with his staunchest ally in the Iraq war, British Prime Minister Tony Blair, the first world leader to visit the White House since last week #39;s election.	0 3
1	Blair Was Warned of Post-War Iraq Chaos -- Paper  Britain #39;s foreign secretary and senior officials warned Prime Minister Tony Blair a year before invading Iraq that chaos could follow the toppling of Saddam Hussein, a newspaper said Saturday.	3
0	UK Opposition Attacks U.S. for Shielding Blair   LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's opposition Conservatives  accused the White House on Saturday of barring their leader  from meeting President Bush because he had criticized Bush's  ally Tony Blair over Iraq.	0 3
0	Blair faces Iraq troops-out vote  Tony Blair is under pressure from his own party to name a date for pulling British troops out of Iraq.	3
1	DiCaprio leads final Kerry push  Actor Leonardo DiCaprio is among the stars encouraging voters to back John Kerry on 2 November.	1
0	Powell push to revive Middle East roadmap  Colin Powell, the departing US Secretary of State, flies into Israel tonight to open a week of diplomacy aimed at helping to revive the Middle East peace process after Yasser Arafat #39;s death.	2
1	Bush Seen with Debate Edge Over Kerry on Iraq, Terror  President Bush #39;s ability to stick to a scripted defense of his policies on Iraq and terrorism should give him an edge over Democratic rival Sen. John Kerry in Thursday #39;s presidential debate, analysts say.	0 1
0	 #39;Good hearts #39;  More than three years after terrorists attacked the United States, US President George W. Bush offered heartfelt thanks to Canadians who helped stranded American air travellers in the aftermath of the 9/11 terrorist attacks.	0
1	Bush, Cheney attack on Kerry remarks on reducing terrorism  US President George W. Bush andVice President Dick Cheney on Monday hammered away at a statement Senator John Kerry made that he will reduce terrorism to a level where it #39;s not the focus of people #39;s lives.	0 1
1	Possible outcomes for a close election  ATLANTA - Could a vote in the House of Representatives end up deciding a tied election? Or will it end up being a comfortable win for Republican President Bush or Democratic Sen. John Kerry?	0 1
1	No Giving In To Iraq Kidnappers: Britain  London, Sept. 23 (NNN): Britain has ruled out negotiations with militants holding a British man in Iraq, after the hostage made a video appeal to Prime Minister Tony Blair to help save his life.	3
0	PM recovers after heart treatment  Tony Blair says he feels "fine" after hospital treatment for an irregular heartbeat, and plans to return to work on Monday.	3
1	Prisoner swap may aid Mideast peace process  In a series of dramatic steps capped Sunday by a high-profile prisoner swap, Israel and Egypt are moving rapidly to improve relations, seizing the opportunity for a Mideast peace deal presented by Yasser Arafat #39;s death.	2
0	Blair Dismisses Talk of Resignation  Prime Minister Tony Blair dismissed talk of resignation and looked ahead to winning a third term in office, as his ruling Labour Party #39;s annual convention opened Sunday.	3
1	Bush renews call for statehood but sets tough conditions for <b>...</b>  President George W Bush has all but abandoned his goal of Palestinian statehood next year, opting instead to spend the next four years trying to help  quot;a truly free state develop quot; alongside Israel.	0
1	Bush Picks Campaign Chief to Head GOP  President Bush has chosen his campaign manager, Ken Mehlman, as Republican national chairman, the White House said Monday. The selection puts Mr.	0
0	Blair urges Europe, US to work together  LONDON -- Prime Minister Tony Blair of Britain, seeking to repair ties between the United States and Europe, urged Washington yesterday to reach out to its allies and not depend on military force alone in the global fight against terrorism.	3
0	Israelis deny they poisoned Arafat  JERUSALEM -- Israeli Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom on Thursday dismissed allegations that Israel killed Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat as  quot;scandalous and false.	2
0	Bush seeks allied help in dealing with Iran, North Korea  SANTIAGO, Chile - President Bush used his first trip abroad since re-election to press allies Saturday for help in hemming in the nuclear ambitions of North Korea and Iran, nations he considers part of an  quot;axis of evil quot; threatening global security.	0
0	George Bush to be absent from Arafat #39;s funeral  ELEANOR HALL: As we #39;ve heard, the US President George W. Bush will not be attending Yasser Arafat #39;s funeral and nor will any senior members of his administration.	0 2
0	Candidates Gear Up for Crucial Debates (AP)  AP - This fall's presidential debates will pit George W. Bush's folksy manner and big-picture brand of policymaking against John Kerry's more cerebral outlook and nuanced world view. Each is a proven debater who knows, only too well, what personal pitfalls to avoid: Bush must stifle the smirk, for instance, and Kerry must cut short his rhetorical rambling.	0 1
0	Karzai set to be Afghan president in ring of steel  They are two of the most hawkish members of President George W. Bush #39;s cabinet and key architects of. the Washington-backed war that overthrew the Taliban in the wake of the September 11, 2001 attacks.	0
1	Bush tries to patch up rift with Canada  President George W Bush launched his first fence-mending mission since his re-election yesterday, flying to Canada to improve a distinctly prickly relationship with one of America #39;s oldest and most natural allies.	0
0	Iran #39;s nuke plans may be unstoppable  The core of President Bush #39;s foreign and national security policy is that he will not permit the world #39;s most dangerous regimes to acquire the world #39;s most dangerous weapons.	0
1	US says Zarqawi aide killed, Bush under fire over missing Iraq <b>...</b>  BAGHDAD (AFP) - The US military said it killed an aide to Iraqs most wanted man Abu Mussab al-Zarqawi in an air strike on rebel-held Fallujah, as President George W. Bush came under fire over a missing explosives scandal.	0
0	BLAIR PEACE HOPES  A HISTORIC deal to end IRA violence forever will be struck, Tony Blair insisted yesterday. The PM remained optimistic after Ulster #39;s politicians failed to come to a landmark agreement.	3
0	Kerry Decries Bush Plan to Recall Troops  CINCINNATI - John Kerry, telling fellow combat veterans he's their "true brother in arms," said Wednesday that President Bush's plan to withdraw U.S. troops from Europe and Asia would weaken U.S...	0 1
0	Legacy 'to haunt successors'  The BBC's John Simpson assesses the legacy of Yasser Arafat, a man he knew well.	2
0	Sharon Expresses Optimism for Upcoming Year  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Thursday that 2005 will be  quot;a year of great opportunity quot; in which Israel will have unprecedented chances to make peace with the 	4
1	Bush Emerges From Debates With a Slim Lead Over Kerry, Poll Shows  President Bush has emerged from the presidential debates holding a slender lead over Democratic nominee John F. Kerry, and despite the challenger #39;s strong performances, the nationally 	0 1
1	Bush Keeps Focus on Preparedness for Terrorism; Kerry Shifts to a <b>...</b>  As President Bush stumped through Florida, accusing his opponent of  quot;election amnesia #39; #39; about the threat posed by Iraq, Senator John Kerry sought 	0
0	Arafat #39;s death makes little impression on most students  Although Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat died Wednesday, University student groups who are often no strangers to political activity have remained largely silent over his death.	2
0	Arafat, Dahlan meet to mend fences  A former Palestinian security minister who could be key to keeping order among rival factions in Gaza after an Israeli pullout held a fence-mending meeting on Monday with President Yasser Arafat, officials said.	2
0	Little room to move for Ariel Sharon  TONY EASTLEY: Israeli Prime Minister, Ariel Sharon, is no stranger to political crises and survival. His latest problem stems from his coalition partner in government voting against his budget plan to give 	4
0	Bush Blames Defect for Flu Shot Shortage  ST. PETERSBURG, Fla...	0
0	Bush seeks common voice over N. Korea  Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) chairperson Benazir Bhutto said Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz, in his maiden speech, only tried to paint a rosy picture of the future without knowing the bitter ground realities.	0
1	Bush Says Social Security Plan Would Reassure Markets  President Bush said on Thursday that addressing the long-term problems in Social Security would reassure the financial markets, offering a rationale to offset 	0
0	Europe axis regroups to curb Bush in second term  FRANCE, Germany and Spain signalled a new alliance yesterday to strengthen the European Unions political project as a counterbalance to the United States after the re-election of President Bush.	0
1	Bush Did Well, But Kerry Won  I #39;ll go out on a sappy limb: the three debates between George Bush and John Kerry will go down as the most important, the most relevant and most well done since televised debates began with the epic clashes of John F. Kennedy and Richard M. Nixon.	0 1
0	President Urges Outside Groups to Halt All Ads  The White House insisted that President Bush had not meant to single out the ad run by veterans opposed to John Kerry.	0 1
0	Sharon escalates offensive in Gaza  ISRAELI Prime Minister Ariel Sharon warned last night that his military forces would expand their deadliest Gaza offensive in four years, as the death toll reached more than 60 in Israel #39;s bid to put an end to a Palestinian rocket campaign.	4
1	Begin Permitted Ministers to Vote their Conscience  (IsraelNN.com) While Prime Minister Ariel Sharon told Likud loyalists, members of the partys Knesset faction that oppose the Gaza plan, that Prime Minister Menachem Begin did not hold a national referendum ahead of the peace agreement with Egypt 	4
0	Europe doesn #39;t believe in democracy  What Tony Blair disarmingly calls his  quot;damn high wire act quot; is getting shakier. The bridge between Europe and the United States has become a frayed rope in a tug-of-war match.	3
1	Experts: Even provisional ballots couldn #39;t help Kerry  Despite uncounted provisional and overseas absentee ballots that modestly exceeded the margin of John Kerry #39;s Tuesday defeat here, he bowed to the inevitability of mathematics by conceding, political experts here said Wednesday.	1
0	Bush and Kerry Focus Campaigns on 11 Key States  Both campaigns have laid out plans for a barrage of visits and television advertisements in these key battlegrounds over the next 10 days.	0
0	TV Face-Offs Have Become an Electoral Tradition (Reuters)  Reuters - When President Bush and Sen. John Kerry step onstage Thursday night in Miami for the first of three presidential debates, they will be engaging in a campaign ritual ushered in nearly 45 years ago as the television age changed the face of American politics.	0 1
0	Arafat Gets OK to Seek Medical Treatment (AP)  AP - Israel gave Yasser Arafat permission Monday to briefly leave his compound to receive medical treatment in the West Bank city of Ramallah, heightening concerns the Palestinian leader is seriously ill.	2
1	Burkett insists  #39;jury still out #39; on CBS documents  Bill Burkett, who gave CBS News the alleged documents about President Bush #39;s National Guard service, insists  quot;the jury is still out quot; on whether those documents are authentic.	0
0	Arafat Aide Claims He Is Not in Coma  A cameraman shoots video footage backdropped by a row of posters depicting Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat in Kalandia, prior to a PLO leadership meeting at the compound in the West Bank city of Ramallah, Saturday Nov. 6, 2004.	2
1	Singing from different song books  Nothing highlights the ideological differences on energy and the environment between George W. Bush and John Kerry as starkly as the black coal that fuels more than 50 per cent of the United States #39; electricity.	0 1
0	President Signs  #36;14.5B Disaster Bill (AP)  AP - President Bush signed disaster aid to help hurricane victims in Florida and other states rebuild from hurricanes Charley, Frances, Jeanne and Ivan.	0
1	Bin Laden issues new threats  DUBAI - Osama bin Laden burst into the US election campaign yesterday, releasing his first video tape in more than a year to deride President George W. Bush and warn of possible new September 11-style attacks.	0
1	Blair, in Heat of Sudan, Laughs Off Health Concern  Britain #39;s Tony Blair insisted on Wednesday he was in tip-top condition after a heart operation and reaffirmed his intention to serve a full third term in government.	3
0	Kerry Says Bush Could Bring Back Draft  WASHINGTON - John Kerry said Friday there is a "great potential" for a new military draft to replace overextended U.S. troops in Iraq if President Bush wins a second term, despite Bush's repeated pledges to maintain the all-volunteer service...	0 1
1	Kerry On The Offensive Over Security At Home And Abroad  WASHINGTON, Sept 13 (AFP) - US presidential challenger John Kerry went on the warpath Monday seeking to shake perceptions that President George W. Bush can do a better job of keeping Americans safe.	0 1
0	Weakened Arafat Heads for France, Cancer Suspected   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian leader Yasser  Arafat, weakened by what doctors think may be leukemia, flew  for treatment in France on Friday from the besieged West Bank  headquarters where he has been pinned for over 2-1/2 years.	2
0	Palestinians consider life after Arafat  A sharp deterioration in Yasser Arafat #39;s health is forcing the Palestinian Authority to do something it has largely avoided: consider life after Arafat.	2
1	Bush to push immigration reform  On the final day of a 21-nation summit that ended with a joint commitment to work against terrorism and for free trade, President Bush on Sunday assured 	0
1	Kerry vows US will win war on terror  Speaking to the American Legion national convention Wednesday, Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry said that despite an earlier statement by President Bush, the United States can and will win the war against terrorism 	0 1
0	Israel Willing to Coordinate Gaza Pullout  Israel on Monday offered its first indication it was reassessing relations with the Palestinians after Yasser Arafat #39;s death, suggesting it might coordinate a planned withdrawal from the Gaza Strip if the Palestinian Authority cracks down on militant 	2
0	Colombia Deploys 15,000 Troops for Bush (AP)  AP - The Spanish colonialists who fortified this Colombian seaport 400 years ago to guard against pirates and rival imperial powers could only have dreamed of the security being implemented for President Bush's visit here Monday.	0
0	Foreign reactions to the election  Top foreign officials across Europe are either accepting or welcoming the second term for President Bush. Meeting in Moscow, Italian prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi and Russian President Vladimir Putin said they welcome the Bush win.	0
0	Deal in Congress to Keep Tax Cuts, Widening Deficit  Republican and Democratic leaders agreed to extend  $150 billion worth of tax cuts sought by President Bush without trying to pay for them.	0
1	Hadley, Bush #39;s New Security Aide, Has Long Resume, Cheney Ties  Stephen J. Hadley, President George W. Bush #39;s new national security adviser, is a veteran of Republican administrations back to Richard Nixon #39;s who boasts close ties to Vice President Dick Cheney.	0
0	Presidential Second Terms Can Be Painful (AP)  AP - An upbeat President Bush set forth an aggressive agenda for the next four years, but he also must deal with the realities his predecessors faced  #151; second terms tend to be disappointments, often marred by scandals, infighting and lackluster performances.	0
0	Mideast Quartet Backs Bush on Settlement Freeze   UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The quartet of Middle East  advisers, backing up a plea from President Bush, called on  Israel on Wednesday to impose a freeze on Jewish settlements in  the West Bank and Gaza.	0
0	Arafat Forced His People's Plight Into the World Spotlight  The Palestinian leader spent his final days in a coma at a French military hospital outside Paris.	2
0	Blair Avoids Defeat Over Troops in Iraq (AP)  AP - Prime Minister Tony Blair won the backing of his Labour Party on Thursday to keep British troops in Iraq, avoiding a humiliating defeat that would have undermined his premiership.	3
1	Bush Campaign Drops Song After Writer Complains   MANCHESTER, N.H. (Reuters) - The Bush campaign agreed on  Friday to stop playing the 1976 hit "Still The One" -- by the  band Orleans -- at Bush's rallies, after the song's writer,  John Hall, protested its use by the president and backed the  challenger, Democratic Sen. John Kerry.	0 1
0	Iraq, Afghan Leaders Hailed in U.S., Threatened at Home (Reuters)  Reuters - When President Bush meets Iraq and Afghanistan's leaders this week, his re-election campaign will tout their countries as foreign policy successes but analysts point to the political fragility of these men.	0
0	Arafat was a man of his people  WASHINGTON -- This is a requiem for Nobel Peace Prize winner Yasser Arafat, the fallen leader of the benighted but unbowed Palestinian people.	2
0	Judge Tosses Challenge to Nev. Bush Win (AP)  AP - A judge Tuesday tossed out a legal challenge aimed at blocking Nevada's five electoral votes from being cast next month for President Bush. In election challenges in two other states, a recount was sought and another was ended.	0
0	Officials Wary of Plan to Split Up CIA  WASHINGTON - Officials reacted warily to a proposal by key Republican senators to transfer the nation's major intelligence gathering from the CIA and the Pentagon to control by a new director.    The warmest response, in fact, came from the camp of Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry...	1
1	US security czar replacement named  WASHINGTON - President George W. Bush has nominated a former New York City police commissioner to head the department that oversees the security of the United States.	0
1	PM humiliated in vote on pullout speech  Red-faced and scowling, an angry Prime Minister Ariel Sharon left the Knesset last night after it took the most unusual step of voting against the approval of his traditional state of the 	4
1	Iraq tops Bush #39;s agenda, but economy also will need his focus  President Bush, left, sit with family members as they watch election return in the White House, Tuesday, Nov. 2, 2004 in Washington.	0
0	Bush, Kerry Pause to Trade Barbs on Iraq (AP)  AP - President Bush and rival Sen. John Kerry paused from private debate practice on Monday to accuse each other of a lack of clarity on Iraq as they campaigned in "must win" states for each  #151; the Republican incumbent in Ohio and his Democratic challenger in Wisconsin.	0 1
0	Arafat's Condition Critical as Confusion Mounts   PARIS (Reuters) - Palestinian President Yasser Arafat  remained in a critical condition on Saturday, a senior aide  said, despite a media report that he might have opened his eyes  and talked to doctors.	2
1	Tommy Thompson Makes Campaign Stop  (Oct. 20) -- The nation #39;s Health and Human Services secretary was in town, talking about the flu vaccine shortage Wednesday. Tommy Thompson #39;s visit was actually a campaign stop on behalf of President Bush.	0
1	Sharon apologises for guards #39; deaths  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has telephoned Egypt #39;s President Hosni Mubarak to apologise for the killing of three Egyptian policemen mistaken for Palestinian militants, state television reported Thursday.	4
1	Thompson chides Kerry on Medicare attacks  Health and Human Services Secretary Tommy Thompson used a government event Wednesday to criticize Sen. John Kerry for his recent attacks on the Bush administration #39;s management of Medicare.	1
0	Arafat Buried Amid Chaotic Ramallah Scene  Yasser Arafat was buried Friday in the place where he spent his last years as a virtual prisoner, seen off in a huge and chaotic outpouring of grief for the man who 	2
0	Brother of British hostage in Iraq slams PM Blair  LONDON : The brother of Kenneth Bigley, a British engineer held hostage in Iraq for 12 days, slammed Prime Minister Tony Blair as a weak politician who did not have sufficient credibility to negotiate properly.	3
1	EU to lift tariffs on US exports  The European Union said Monday it will lift sanctions against US imports following President Bush #39;s decision to remove illegal export subsidies.	0
0	Probe Opens Into British Parliament Intrusion   LONDON (Reuters) - Britain launched an inquiry on Thursday  into the first storming of its parliament since 1647 after a  protest stunt revealed shambolic security at the heart of Prime  Minister Tony Blair's government.	3
0	Bush campaign using smoke-screen tactics to avoid issues: Kerry (AFP)  AFP - As Democrats and Republicans spar over attack ads in the race for the White House, Democratic presidential hopeful John Kerry accused President George W. Bush's campaign of putting up a smoke screen to divert attention from important issues.	0 1
0	Kerry on Bush Speech: 'All Hat, No Cattle' (AP)  AP - Democrat John Kerry said Friday that President Bush didn't keep the promises he made as a candidate four years ago, and pledged to do better if elected.	0 1
0	Kerry Hints GOP May Suppress Black Votes  WASHINGTON - John Kerry suggested Saturday night that Republicans may try to keep black voters from casting their ballots to help President Bush win in November. "We are not going to stand by and allow another million African American votes to go uncounted in this election," the Democratic presidential nominee told the Congressional Black Caucus...	0 1
0	Bush lifts economic sanctions on Libya (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush removed some economic restrictions on Libya after Tripoli addressed global concerns on dangerous weapons.	0
1	Arafat, confused and weak, is heading to Paris for treatment  An ailing Yasser Arafat -oo weak to stand, unable to hold down food and spending most of Thursday sleeping  -eed to leave his battered West Bank compound for 	2
0	U.S. Vets Make Case for Kerry in Vietnam (AP)  AP - Vietnam veterans supporting John Kerry for president made their case Friday in the heart of what was once enemy territory.	1
0	Bush says he will work with allies  President Bush told a Thursday news conference he would continue to lead the United States in promoting freedom and democracy in the Middle East.	0
0	Kerry Challenges Bush Record on Issues  DETROIT - Sen. John Kerry accused President Bush on Wednesday of presiding over an "excuse presidency," challenging Bush's credibility on jobs, the record national deficit and the war in Iraq...	0 1
0	FedEx, New York Life Press Bush on Trade as China #39;s Power Grows  US companies such as FedEx Corp. and New York Life Insurance Co. are pleading with President George W. Bush to start discussions on a Pacific Rim free-trade bloc as he heads to this weekend #39;s regional economic summit.	0
1	Bush praises Pakistan  President George Bush defended Pakistans co-operation in the hunt for Osama bin Laden despite the inability of US and Pakistani troops to find the al-Qaida leader who, Bush once declared, was wanted dead or alive.	0
1	Sharon faces new rebellion  Israeli PM Ariel Sharon #39;s coalition faces possible collapse over a vote likely to force him to remake his government or call elections that would imperil his Gaza withdrawal plan.	4
0	Battered Blair pushes domestic agenda  LONDONRarely has a politician looked as beleaguered as Tony Blair, yet still poised for victory. Branded a liar by a majority of voters, detested by many in his Labour party and dogged by rumours of his 	3
0	Bush Takes Democrat Stumping in Florida (AP)  AP - President Bush wooed the state that decided the 2000 election with a pledge Friday to seek  #36;2 billion more for hurricane recovery, and attacked Sen. John Kerry's position regarding Cuban leader Fidel Castro.	0 1
0	Moore's Pre-Election TV Special Nixed  NEW YORK - The cable pay-per-view company iN DEMAND has backed away from a plan to show a three-hour election eve special with filmmaker Michael Moore that included the first television showing of his documentary "Fahrenheit 9/11."   The company said Friday it would not air "The Michael Moore Pre-Election Special" due to "legitimate business and legal concerns." A spokesman would not elaborate.    Moore has just released his movie on DVD and was seeking a TV outlet for the film, which sharply criticizes President Bush, as close to the election as possible...	0
1	GOP: Protests are Kerry #39;s fault  The protests have hardly begun, but already the Republican party is blaming John Kerry for the mischief, if not the mayhem, of the days to come.	1
0	UK Verdict May Jeopardize Blair's Terror Policies (Reuters)  Reuters - British Prime Minister Tony Blair's security strategy, a central plank in his re-election bid, looked in trouble on Friday after a landmark legal ruling against a vital part of his anti-terror policy.	3
1	Bush vows to  #39;reach out to our friends #39;  HALIFAX, Nova Scotia A  quot;new term in office is an important opportunity to reach out to our friends, quot; President George W. Bush said on an overnight trip to Canada, but he remained uncompromising about the US-led invasion of Iraq and his insistence that the 	0
0	Bush's guard service under new scrutiny (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush faced fresh questions about his Vietnam War-era service as he and his Democratic rival, Senator John Kerry, campaigned in key states ahead of the November 2 election.	0
1	Bush, Kerry sharpen their differences on Iraq #39;s  #39;progress #39;  The debate over US policy in Iraq between President Bush and Democratic nominee John F. Kerry took center stage in the presidential campaign last week as Kerry laid out his most specific plans to date.	0 1
0	Stewart's 'America' offers textbook laughs (USATODAY.com)  USATODAY.com - As Jon Stewart tells it, he and his staff of 13 writers at The Daily Show  were looking for a project."Life was too balanced," he says with a straight face. "It was too good for us."They considered a "roads project, a civic improvement," but when they looked around their offices in Manhattan, "we mostly had computers."So they wrote a book.America (The Book): A Citizen's Guide to Democracy Inaction (Warner,  #36;24.95) will be published Monday after nine months of checking a few facts and making up a lot more. (Related story: Daily Show is a no-stump zone)Just as his TV show on Comedy Central is a parody of a news show, the book is a graphic-heavy parody of a textbook. Chapters include "Congress: Quagmire of Freedom," "The Media: Democracy's Valiant Vulgarians" and "The Rest of the World: International House of Horrors."The foreword is by Thomas "TJ" Jefferson, who inquires in a postscript: "Is it true Halle Berry is once again single?"Stewart's favorite part?"I like the ending," which offers a Certificate of Completion, qualifying readers to "practice, participate in, or found a democracy."Too often, he says, "you finish a book and ask, 'What's in it for me beyond self-improvement?' Our book gives you a certificate in nation-building. ... If you just smash together the basic ideas, you're bound to wind up with something better than North Korea."Stewart wants to be known as a comedian, even though The Daily Show was voted best news show by TV critics this summer. He dismisses praise from journalists such as Eric Alterman, media critic for The Nation, who recently wrote that Daily Show offers "a truer picture than ... the Sunday-morning gabfests and cable food fights."Stewart, 41, says, "It's more a sign of frustration with the information people are receiving than a sign of our entrepreneurial spirit of journalism. ... It's a '(expletive) you' to real news, not a 'hallelujah' for our fake news."The book mocks both President Bush, "hurdling the lowered bar," and Democrat John Kerry, "monogrammed for greatness." But Stewart acknowledges that The Daily Show delivers more jokes at the expense of Republicans."They're in power," he says. "Comedians in biblical times did more Goliath jokes. The David stuff didn't fly."He says he worries less about being partisan than being boring, strident or redundant, "the death of comedy."Stewart's appearance at a booksellers' convention in June, which featured former president Bill Clinton, won rave reviews. Publishers Weekly said Stewart "out-Clintoned that other guy," prompting his publisher to boost the first printing of America from 500,000 copies to 700,000.	0 1
0	US to enhance relations with Pakistan: Armitage  ISLAMABAD: Senior US officials on Tuesday held their first talks with Pakistani officials since President George W. Bush won a second term and promised to work even more closely with key anti-terror ally, officials said.	0
0	No Mideast peace deal yet: Palestinian official  JERUSALEM - A senior Palestinian official called reports of a Mideast peace agreement premature, but said Israelis and Palestinians have agreed on the logistics of the upcoming elections to replace Yasser Arafat.	2
1	Sharon to speed up Gaza pullout  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon unveiled on Tuesday an accelerated timetable for his planned pullout of the Gaza Strip and said it should win parliamentary approval in early November.	4
3	Bush Signs Corporate Tax Cut Bill (Reuters)  Reuters - Without fanfare, President Bush signed into law on Friday a nearly  #36;140 billion corporate tax cut bill derided by both Democratic presidential rival John Kerry and Republican Sen. John McCain as a giveaway to special interests.	0 1
0	Turn Back to Iraq  WHILE PRESIDENT Bush was expansively describing his domestic agenda for the next four years on Thursday, US and Iraqi troops were massing outside Fallujah, and artillery and airstrikes were laying the groundwork for what may be a bloody and fateful battle 	0
0	Britain willing to talk to Bigley #39;s kidnappers in Iraq but won #39;t <b>...</b>  Britain #39;s government is willing to talk to the kidnappers of a British engineer, Prime Minister Tony Blair said Thursday, but officials stressed 	3
0	Text of President Bush's Radio Address (AP)  AP - Text of President Bush's radio address Saturday, as released by the White House:	0
1	With Politics, Bjt  October 1994: During his gubernatorial run against then-Texas Gov. Ann Richards, reporters question whether Bush used family connections to receive preferential treatment getting into the National Guard to avoid the draft.	0
1	Reid: Congress Should Stay Until Spy Bill Passes  A bill backed by President Bush to overhaul American spy agencies faced an uncertain future on Sunday and a top Democrat said the Republican-led Congress should not adjourn for the year until it passes.	0
0	Cheney Enters NYC Through Ellis Island (AP)  AP - The Manhattan skyline at his back, Vice President Dick Cheney remembered the terrorist attacks on this city and promised that with a second term President Bush would be strong and steadfast in keeping the nation safe.	0
1	Campaigns turn to star power  Bill Clinton draws adoring crowds in Philadelphia and Miami as he pumps up Sen. John Kerry. By ADAM C. SMITH and TAMARA LUSH. PHILADELPHIA - Love him or hate him, Bill Clinton always manages to work a little dramatic magic.	1
0	Physicians in France checking Arafat for leukemia, Palestinian <b>...</b>  Leukemia specialists examined ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat at a French military hospital to determine whether he suffers from the blood cancer, Palestinian officials said Saturday.	2
1	Voting Problems in Ohio Set Off an Alarm  Voters in Ohio delivered a second term to President Bush by a decisive margin. But the way the vote was conducted there, election law specialists say, exposed a number of weak spots in the nation #39;s election system.	0
0	AIDS Activists Disrupt Convention Event  NEW YORK - AIDS demonstrators disrupted a Republican youth gathering on the floor of the party convention Wednesday, shortly after President Bush's twin daughters left the stage.    The incident occurred after Jenna and Barbara Bush introduced White House chief of staff Andrew Card...	0
1	US asks Israel to clarify comments made by top PM aide  The United States on Wednesday evening asked Israel to clarify statements made by Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s senior advisor, Dov Weisglass, in an interview with Haaretz, according to which the disengagement plan means a  quot;freezing of the peace process 	4
0	Arafat #39;s true legacy  Arafat was an establishment leader. He was an elite who ruled through the finances and will of other Palestinian and Arab elites. Arafat was, ultimately, a dictator.	2
0	Ken Bigley is alive, says brother  The brother of Ken Bigley says he has new information the British hostage is alive and appeals to Tony Blair to help.	3
0	Britain seen moving Iraq troops further into harm #39;s way  LONDON (AFP) - Britain was due to announce Monday that it had received a US request to redeploy some of its troops in Iraq into restive, US-held areas, a move critics warned could be seen as a pre-election ploy to assist President George W. Bush.	0
0	Facts about Israeli leader Ariel Sharon  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon seeks parliament #39;s support on Monday for his plan to quit occupied Gaza and for the first time uproot settlements from land that Palestinians want for a state.	4
1	After debate, polls find Kerry, Bush  WASHINGTON - President Bush is now in a statistical dead heat with Democratic challenger Sen. John Kerry for the Nov. 2 election, in a tightening of the race after the first debate last week, a pair of new polls show.	0 1
0	Blair visits Sudan as part of Africa tour  CAFOD is calling on British Prime Minister Tony Blair to step up the pressure on the Sudanese Government to bring peace to the war torn region of Darfur when he visits Khartoum tomorrow.	3
0	Palestinians seek to visit Arafat  Top Palestinian officials are to meet the French president in the hope of visiting the ailing Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Parties plead for sanctions to end Sudan slaughter  Tony Blair is being urged to demand immediate and punitive sanctions against the Sudanese government in an attempt to halt the slaughter, ethnic cleansing and rape in the Darfur region.	3
0	Bush Scraps Trade Embargo on Libya in WMD Reward   NEW YORK (Reuters) - President Bush on Monday formally  ended the broad U.S. trade embargo on Libya to reward it for  giving up weapons of mass destruction but left in place some  U.S. terrorism-related sanctions.	0
1	Kerry film shows Vietnam, ignores facts  The question raised by  quot;Going Upriver: The Long War of John Kerry quot; isn #39;t if it #39;s an unbiased account of presidential candidate Sen. John Kerry #39;s service during the Vietnam War.	1
1	The Bush-Legacy Agenda  This time around, the president will need all the help he can get if he covets a place in history. President George W. Bush technically has another four years to shape his legacy in history, but less than 	0
0	Israeli Troops Kill Girl, Five Militants in West Bank   NABLUS, West Bank (Reuters) - Israeli forces killed an  11-year-old girl and five militants in a West Bank raid on  Wednesday, keeping up pressure in Palestinian areas as Prime  Minister Ariel Sharon's plan for a Gaza pullout moved forward.	4
1	Ashcroft quits Bush cabinet  US Attorney General John Ashcroft, who had been under constant fire from pro-immigrant groups for his  quot;tough tactics quot; since 9/11, and Commerce Secretary Don Evans, said to be very close to President George W Bush, resigned on Tuesday.	0
0	Bush Tempers Expectations on Terror War  WASHINGTON - President Bush says staying the course in the war on terror will make the world safer for future generations, though he acknowledges an all-out victory against terrorism may not be possible.    In an interview on NBC-TV's "Today" show broadcast to coincide with Monday's start of the Republican National Convention in New York, Bush said retreating from the war on terror "would be a disaster for your children.'"  "You cannot show weakness in this world today because the enemy will exploit that weakness," he said...	0
0	Who killed Yasser Arafat?  No one knows what ails Yasser Arafat. Rumours are circulating that Israel has poisoned him. The evidence is entirely circumstantial and probably no more than fantasy though, when dealing with Israel, nothing can ever be ruled out.	2
1	Fatah Council Endorses Abbas to Lead Palestinians  RAMALLAH, West Bank, Nov. 25 -- The Revolutionary Council of the dominant Palestinian political faction, Fatah, approved former prime minister Mahmoud Abbas on Thursday as its candidate to succeed Yasser Arafat in a presidential election set for Jan. 9.	2
1	Powell to Resign; Rice Is Seen as Likely Successor  Secretary of State Colin L. Powell said today that he would resign as soon as a successor was confirmed, and administration officials said that President Bush was expected 	0
1	Military are rallying behind Bush, says survey  US soldiers have far greater trust in President George Bush as commander-in-chief than in John Kerry, preferring the incumbent by a nearly three-to-one margin, a poll showed yesterday.	0 1
0	Abbas Vows No Retreat from Arafat Refugee Demand   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian presidential  favorite Mahmoud Abbas vowed on Tuesday never to give up the  late Yasser Arafat's bedrock demand that Israel recognize a  "right of return" of Palestinian refugees.	2
1	Bush Declares Kerry Can #39;t Keep US Safe  President Bush speaks at the Canton Palace Theatre about medical liability reform Friday, Oct. 22, 2004 in Canton, Ohio. (AP Photo/Tony Dejak).	0
0	UN, Blair Issue Warnings Over Violence in Sudan   KHARTOUM (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair  warned Sudan on Wednesday violence must end in Darfur and the  United Nations said it might not be able to cope if conditions  there fail to improve.	3
1	Clinton touts Kerry as candidate of hope  With just over a week left in the US presidential race, the Democrats brought out some star power Monday, as former president Bill Clinton praised Sen. John Kerry as a fighter with a better plan for the United States.	1
0	Downing Street Defends Blair #39;s Private #39;Visit  LONDON, Aug. 18.  Downing Street tried to counter criticism of Mr Tony Blair #39;s 24-hour visit to Mr Silvio Berlusconi #39;s luxurious Sardinia villa yesterday by emphasising the importance of the business side of the trip. 	3
0	Tens of Thousands Protest Bush in NYC  NEW YORK - More than 100,000 demonstrators marched past a heavily fortified Republican convention hall on Sunday, chanting denunciations of the administration and the war in Iraq as delegates flocked to the city to nominate President Bush for four more years in the White House.    Vice President Dick Cheney campaigned his way into the convention city three days ahead of the president, praising him as "calm in a crisis, comfortable with responsibility and determined to do everything needed to protect our people." He spoke on Ellis Island, framed by a Manhattan skyline altered irrevocably by terrorism...	0
0	Prime minister lacks majority for budget vote  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon insisted yesterday that the 2005 budget will be brought to the Knesset for a first reading today, even though he still lacked a majority for the bill as of press time last night.	4
0	Bush Signs Orders to Reform Intelligence  WASHINGTON - President Bush on Friday signed executive orders designed to strengthen the CIA director's power over the nation's intelligence agencies and create a national counterterrorism center, responding to election-year pressures to enact changes called for by the Sept. 11 commission...	0
1	Bush Cabinet sees more turmoil  Bernard Kerik, the former New York City police commissioner who distinguished himself in the tense days after the 9/11 terrorist attacks, has been selected by President Bush to 	0
0	Dole Questions Kerry's Vietnam Wounds  CRAWFORD, Texas - Former Republican Sen. Bob Dole suggested Sunday that John Kerry apologize for past testimony before Congress about alleged atrocities during the Vietnam War and joined critics of the Democratic presidential candidate who say he received an early exit from combat for "superficial wounds."   Dole also called on Kerry to release all the records of his service in Vietnam...	1
0	Analysis: 8 States May Decide Election  WASHINGTON - Eight states worth just 99 electoral votes are up for grabs in the closely fought presidential race, with the White House going to whoever conquers this shrinking battlefield.    While another dozen states could come into play if either candidate breaks open the race, President Bush and Democratic Sen...	0
0	Bush manipulated NKorea intelligence like he did in Iraq: US expert (AFP)  AFP - The United States manipulated intelligence on North Korea's nuclear program in a similar fashion to its use of weapons of mass destruction to justify the war on Iraq, a US foreign policy expert said in an article.	0
0	Stockwell Day points to AIDS story to explain Arafat snub (Canadian Press)  Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Stockwell Day is pointing to a published report that includes the suggestion that Yasser Arafat had AIDS in explaining why he didn't send condolences on the death of the PLO leader.	2
1	LA Times chides Bush for self-justification  WASHINGTON: US President George W Bush on Wednesday received a rap across the knuckles from the Los Angeles Times which observed that he might have done better at wooing broader international 	0
1	EPA CHIEF TAPPED TO LEAD HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES AGENCY   quot;He #39;s managed the EPA with skill and with a focus on results, quot; President Bush said of Michael Leavitt.  quot;He #39;s an ideal choice to lead one of the largest departments of the United States government.	0
1	Abbas Escapes Gunfire, Palestinians to Vote Jan. 9  Yasser Arafat #39;s interim successor escaped injury in a Gaza gunfight triggered by hostile militants on Sunday as Palestinian officials set Jan. 9 for elections to replace 	2
2	USC Holds Off UCLA  Reggie Bush has two long touchdown runs and No. 1 USC holds off the Bruins, 29-24, to virtually lock up a trip to the Orange Bowl for the BCS title game.	0
0	Bush Intelligence Plan Echoes 9/11 Panel's  WASHINGTON - President Bush is urging Congress to create a strong national intelligence director to control the nonmilitary portions of the nation's intelligence community, a position similar to what was envisioned by the Sept. 11 commission...	0
0	President Bush's Hanukkah Message (AP)  AP - I send greetings to all those celebrating Hanukkah, the festival of lights. On the 25th day of Kislev on the Hebrew calendar, Jews around the world commemorate the rededication of the Temple in Jerusalem more than 2,000 years ago.	0
0	GOP Assails Kerry As Convention Begins (AP)  AP - Republicans belittled Democratic Sen. John Kerry as a shift-in-the-wind campaigner unworthy of the White House on Monday at the opening of their national convention, lavishing praise on President Bush as a steady, decisive leader in an age of terrorism.	0 1
0	US asks Israel to clarify disengagement plan  Jerusalem, Oct 07 - The United States has asked Israel to clarify a statement made by Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s senior advisor Dov Weisglass, which said Tel Aviv #39;s disengagement plan meant a  quot;freezing of the peace process, quot; media reported here.	4
0	Arafat Lieutenants to Travel to Paris  With Yasser Arafat fighting for his life in a French hospital, his top lieutenants will fly to Paris for consultations with his doctors, a senior official said Sunday, as Palestinian 	2
3	Test Failure Sets Back US Missile Defense Plan  President Bush #39;s drive to deploy a multibillion-dollar shield against ballistic missiles was set back on Wednesday by what critics called a stunning failure of its first full flight test in two years.	0
0	Opponents pressed on Gaza pullout  Israeli officials urge opponents of Ariel Sharon's Gaza pullout plan to back it in a crunch vote next week.	4
0	Wavering Voters Anti-Iraq, Wary of Kerry  WASHINGTON - In an election where most voters have already chosen sides, the presidency could be decided by a small slice of America in the mushy middle - wavering voters who are more likely than others to question President Bush's honesty and think the war in Iraq was a mistake.    An Associated Press study of 1,329 "persuadable" voters, conducted by Knowledge Networks in advance of the presidential debates, suggests these people are deeply conflicted about change in the White House...	0
0	Blair to fight Mandelson #39;s corner  Tony Blair will fight to keep Peter Mandelson as Europe #39;s trade commissioner when leaders gather in Rome today to discuss the crisis gripping the European Union.	3
1	Kerry gets string of endorsements from US newspapers  NEW YORK , New York, United States of America -- Major US newspapers began rolling out their presidential endorsements Sunday, with the nation #39;s leading daily tipping its hat to Democrat John Kerry and a raft of smaller papers following suit.	1
1	Palestinians say they hope Bush accepts dealing with Arafat in new <b>...</b>  An ailing Yasser Arafat congratulated President Bush on his re-election and expressed hope that a second term will spark new life to the Middle East peace process, an aide to the Palestinian leader said Wednesday.	0 2
0	Way open for Labor to join Sharon cabinet Working to close <b>...</b>  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon meeting with members of his Likud Party last week. The partys Central Committee has authorized him to form a coalition cabinet with Labor.	4
1	Brokaw, Jennings Show Support for Rather (AP)  AP - While acknowledging mistakes in CBS anchor Dan Rather's "60 Minutes" report that questioned President Bush's service in the National Guard, competing news anchors Tom Brokaw and Peter Jennings offered support Saturday for the beleaguered newsman.	0
0	Bush and Kerry Push Domestic Plans, Leaving Off Price Tags  In the last presidential debate, the candidates are unlikely to dwell on the cost of their own proposals, which analysts put at roughly  $1.3 trillion each over 10 years.	0
0	Israeli Minister: Arafat Expulsion Close  JERUSALEM - Yasser Arafat's expulsion is "closer than ever," the Israeli foreign minister warned in remarks broadcast Thursday, as six Palestinians were killed by Israeli army fire in the West Bank and Gaza Strip.    In the single deadliest incident, in the northern Gaza Strip, soldiers opened fire from a tank-mounted machine gun at Palestinians, killing at least three, including a 13-year-old boy, and wounding nine, Palestinian hospital officials said...	2
1	Veterans Day  President Bush made his annual Veterans Day tribute to the armed forces Thursday, laying a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier at Arlington National Cemetery.	0
0	No retreat on Iraq, Bush vows  UNITED NATIONSThe United States will stick to its guns in Iraq, despite increasing violence, US President George W. Bush vowed yesterday.	0
0	Computer error gave Bush a big boost at an Ohio polling station: report (AFP)  AFP - A computer error involving a voting machine cartridge reportedly handed President George W. Bush an extra 3,893 votes in one precinct in the key state of Ohio.	0
0	'UK must lead on climate change'  Michael Howard accuses Tony Blair of squandering the chance to lead efforts against climate change.	3
0	Traumatized Kerry supporters in Florida seek therapy: report (AFP)  AFP - Shocked supporters of defeated US presidential candidate John Kerry are seeking help from psychologists, who refer to their condition as  quot;post-election selection trauma. quot;	1
1	Sharon seeks to salvage Gaza plan in coalition talks  Ariel Sharon pledged today to enter talks with opposition parties to rebuild his shattered governing coalition and avert early elections that would jeopardise his plans to withdraw from Gaza.	4
1	Kerry flips praise to Bush on ads  Sen. John F. Kerry related, bio offered a surprising pre-debate concession to President Bush related, bio yesterday, saying Bush #39;s flip-flop attacks have worked.	0 1
0	US, Europe must  #39;rally together #39; for Middle East peace: Chirac  LONDON - French President Jacques Chirac called Thursday for the United States and Europe to  quot;rally together quot; to revive the Middle East peace process, declaring the matter urgent following the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat.	2
1	Now on DVD: The Passion of the Bush  The DVD "George W. Bush: Faith in the White House," marketed as a response to "Fahrenheit 9/11," portrays the president as God's warrior.	0
1	Denied entry, man sets self afire  A man who wanted to hand-deliver a letter to President George W. Bush yesterday set himself afire outside the White House after guards encouraged him to mail the letter instead.	0
1	UK to Send Troops Into US-Controlled Area of Iraq (Update3)  UK Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s government, risking criticism from lawmakers in the ruling Labour Party, said it will redeploy 850 troops now in southern Iraq to a region controlled by US forces.	3
0	Powell Wins Israeli Pledge on Palestinian Election   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Reviving a long-dormant U.S.  peacemaking role, Secretary of State Colin Powell won an  Israeli pledge on Monday to allow Palestinians enough freedom  of movement to hold an election for Yasser Arafat's successor.	2
0	Bush Begins Weeklong Stay at Texas Ranch (AP)  AP - President Bush and first lady Laura Bush are involved in a little he-said, she-said business here at the presidential ranch.	0
0	Bush Hits Kerry in Debate Rebound Bid  WASHINGTON - President Bush blistered Sen. John Kerry on Wednesday as an apostle of "retreat in Iraq" and tax-and-spend liberalism at home...	0 1
0	Wall Street sees Kerry winning debate battle, still pulls for Bush (AFP)  AFP - Wall Street gave Democratic presidential challenger John Kerry the edge in the first presidential debate, but many in the financial community are still pulling for President George W. Bush to prevail in the November 2 election.	0 1
1	Kerry gains ground after strong debating performance  TONY EASTLEY: To the election in the United States, where Democrat John Kerry is enjoying the afterglow of his strong performance in the first debate with President Bush.	0 1
0	Blair Calls for EU Reaction Force for Africa Clashes (Update3)  UK Prime Minister Tony Blair called for the European Union to develop the capability by next year to deploy troops to Africa within 10 days as part of plans to fight poverty, disease and war in the region.	3
0	AP Poll: Bush Holds Slight Lead on Kerry (AP)  AP - President Bush opens the fall campaign with a slight lead over Democratic Sen. John Kerry, an Associated Press poll shows, as voters express growing confidence in the direction of the country and the performance of the incumbent.	0 1
0	Bush, Kerry Lob Post-Debate Assaults  LAS VEGAS - President Bush criticized Sen. John Kerry as a liberal trying to hide from his own record Thursday as the two men entered the last, post-debate lap of a close race for the White House...	0 1
1	Sharon angers settlers by refusing to negotiate  As some Palestinians returned to their Gaza homes to survey the damage after a deadly incursion, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon tried to win support for his withdrawal plan from angry Jewish settlers.	4
0	Kerry: Clinton May Campaign on My Behalf (AP)  AP - Former President Clinton will campaign for Sen. John Kerry early next week in Philadelphia, a senior Democratic official who is familiar with the former president's plans said Tuesday.	1
1	Tony Blair  #39;looking healthy #39;  London - British Prime Minister Tony Blair was recovering on Saturday from successful hospital treatment to correct an irregular heartbeat, his office said.	3
0	Arafat Admits Mistakes, Slow on Palestinian Reform   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian President  Yasser Arafat made a rare admission of mistakes on Wednesday  and urged reforms to end corruption after an unprecedented wave  of turmoil.	2
0	Bush Announces Plan for Troop Realignment  WASHINGTON - Two U.S. Army divisions will leave Cold War-era bases in Germany over the next decade, and the U.S...	0
1	9/11 Chairman: Bush Should Apply Pressure  President Bush talks with reporters before having lunch at a local coffee shop in Crawford, Texas Friday, Nov. 26, 2004. (AP Photo/Lawrence Jackson).	0
0	Palestinian PM threatens to quit  PALESTINIAN prime minister Ahmed Qurie has again threatened to resign over differences with leader Yasser Arafat ahead of a meeting of donor countries who help fund the Palestinian Authority, officials said today.	2
0	US Says Israel Still Following Peace  #39;Road Map #39;  The White House insisted on Wednesday that Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is committed to the US-backed road map Middle East peace plan, despite his comments in a newspaper interview that suggested otherwise.	4
1	Kerry stumbled, but Bush pandered  Regarding the whole Mary Cheney (non)outing controversy, I am obligated to start by administering a slap to my man John Kerry for being such a political klutz and, if I may say so, no gentleman.	0 1
0	After Arafat, hope - and a job for Europe  BERLIN I never met Yasser Arafat, because I never wanted to meet him. Despite several invitations, I have always preferred to spend my time in places where people exchange ideas that go beyond ideology, where 	2
1	KERRY, BUSH TAKE ON SWING STATES  Both Democratic nominee John Kerry and US President George W Bush have campaigned in two key marginal states that could decide the result of the presidential election, just over a fortnight away.	1
0	Bush Wants N. Korea to Resume Disarmament Talks  Facing nuclear challenges on two fronts, President Bush warned Saturday that Iran #39;s suspected weapons program is  quot;a very serious matter, quot; and he stood with leaders of Asia 	0
3	Business hopes Bush will forgo tax reform  By Andrew Balls, James Harding and Christopher Swann in Washington. US business has little appetite for fundamental tax reform, seeing deficit reduction and government entitlement programmes as priorities for President George W Bush #39;s second-term agenda.	0
0	Bush to Focus on Tort Reform at Forum (AP)  AP - President Bush's main focus during a White House economic conference next week will be big damage awards in lawsuits and the federal deficit, the White House said Friday.	0
1	Condoleezza Rice To Undergo Uterine Artery Embolization  Fibroids affect 40 percent of women each year. President George W. Bush #39;s pick for Secretary of State, National Security Advisor Condoleezza Rice, will undergo a minor surgical procedure Friday to remove them.	0
0	UK's Blair Grabs Election Agenda with Key Ally   LONDON (Reuters) - One of Prime Minister Tony Blair's  staunchest allies returned to government on Thursday after a  cloak-and-dagger cabinet reshuffle that will define the British  Labor Party's battle-plan for a general election.	3
0	Sharon Criticizes Hard-Liners in Israel  JERUSALEM - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon criticized Israeli hard-liners Sunday, warning that heated rhetoric against his plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip could lead to civil war.    Sharon issued the warning hours before opponents of the Gaza pullout planned to stage a mass demonstration in Jerusalem...	4
1	John Walker Lindh Asks for Reduction in 20-Year Jail Term  Lawyers for John Walker Lindh, the 23- year-old Californian serving a 20-year sentence for helping the Taliban in Afghanistan, will ask President George W. Bush to reduce Lindh #39;s sentence.	0
0	Bush to Mark 9/11 at Church, South Lawn (AP)  AP - President Bush typically closes his campaign speeches by saying "none us will ever forget" the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks. He is marking the third anniversary of the tragedy Saturday with events remembering the day that transformed his presidency and undergirds his re-election bid.	0
1	Bush and Kerry Trade Charges on Iraq, Clinton Joins Campaign  Republican President George W. Bush and his Democratic opponent, John Kerry, are charging into the final week of the US campaign for the White House trading increasingly tough charges on the continuing conflict in Iraq.	0 1
0	Arafat #39;s cemetery prepared in Ramallah  The photo taken on Nov. 10 shows the site chosen as the cemetery for Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat in the southwest courtyard of his Muqata headquarters in the West Bank city of Ramallah.	2
0	Kerry, Bush Clash Over Iraq and Allawi  PHILADELPHIA - Clashing over Iraq, Sen. John Kerry said Friday that President Bush's policies made the war against terror harder to win and "let Osama bin Laden slip away." Bush chastised his Democratic rival for questioning the motives of Iraq's interim prime minister...	0 1
0	Barghouthi Quits Election Race, 4 Israelis Killed   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Jailed uprising leader  Marwan Barghouthi on Sunday quit the race to replace late  Palestinian President Yasser Arafat, ensuring a smooth election  and making the victory of a veteran peacemaker almost certain.	2
0	Kerry Rips Bush on 'Mission Accomplished' Remark (Reuters)  Reuters - Democratic presidential challenger John Kerry ripped into President Bush on Sunday for saying he had no regrets over his "Mission Accomplished" speech on Iraq and would do it again.	0 1
0	Forecast Frosty for U.S.-Canadian Ties    TORONTO -- The weather won't be the only thing that's cool when President Bush visits neighboring Canada next week.	0
1	Democracy Will Triumph in Iraq, Allawi, Bush say  President Bush and Iraqi interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi say democracy will prevail in Iraq and that free elections will take place as scheduled in January.	0
0	PACs' Post-Labor Day Spending Favors Kerry (AP)  AP - Interest groups that can urge the public to vote for or against candidates have spent at least  #36;25 million on the presidential race since Labor Day, with John Kerry's supporters outspending Bush's by more than 4-to-1.	0 1
0	. . . and Lost Chances   quot;No one can control or change this revolution. No one can control or change me. quot;. Yasser Arafat spoke those words before a boisterous crowd in a dusty refugee camp called Nahr Bared in northern Lebanon more than two decades ago.	2
1	Di Caprio drums up support for Kerry  Leonardo Di Caprio surely believes in being a active participant in his country's electoral process, for the actor has been trying to get votes for Presidential candidate John Kerry for the US election salted for second November.	1
1	Bush urges Congress: OK intelligence reform bill  President Bush called upon Congress Saturday to pass this week a wide-ranging intelligence-reform bill he believes will help  quot;to do everything necessary to confront and defeat the terrorist threat.	0
1	Bush lifts economic sanctions on Libya  WASHINGTON : US President George W. Bush removed most economic sanctions on Libya, clearing the way for the payment of another tranche of compensation to the victims of the 1988 Lockerbie bombing.	0
1	Kerry for president  The changes of the last four years, domestically and internationally, socially and economically, have been so wrenching, and mostly for the worst, that many Americans feel they are living in a different country from the one they knew before.	1
0	Officials Attempt to Visit Comatose Arafat  Yasser Arafat is in a coma and his condition worsened overnight, a hospital spokesman said Tuesday, as Palestinian officials sought to visit their critically ill leader over his wife's angry objections.	2
1	US, Israel to Confer on Settlement Plans  A team of American diplomats is due in Israel early next month for talks with Israeli officials on Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plans to withdraw from the Gaza Strip and parts of the West Bank.	4
0	Bush fires back at Kerry over missing explosives  President Bush returned Democrat John Kerry #39;s fire on a missing Iraqi weapons cache Wednesday, accusing his rival of rushing to judgment before all the facts were known.	0
0	Israel's Sharon Confronts Party Rebels Before Vote   TEL AVIV (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon confronted  Likud party rebels with a pledge to put the good of Israel  first Wednesday as he battled to avoid an embarrassing defeat  over his Gaza pullout plan.	4
0	Both Candidates Often Shift Positions (AP)  AP - While working relentlessly to portray Democratic Sen. John Kerry as a "flip-flopper," President Bush has his own history of changing his position, from reversals on steel tariffs and "nation-building" to reasons for invading Iraq.	0 1
0	Edwards: Democrats Focus Bush Criticism (AP)  AP - The Democrats are trying to target their criticism of President Bush in a way that shows voters they've been hurt by administration policies on the economy and Iraq, vice presidential candidate John Edwards said in an Associated Press interview Friday.	0
0	Bush Vigorously Defends War in Iraq  UNITED NATIONS - President Bush delivered an unapologetic defense of his decision to invade Iraq, telling the United Nations Tuesday that it "helped to deliver the Iraqi people from an outlaw dictator." Later, Bush condemned the beheading of a U.S. hostage by an Islamic militant...	0
0	Putin Says Bush Win Means US Not Scared of Terror  Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Wednesday that a victory for George W. Bush in the US presidential race would mean the United States had not allowed itself to be cowed by terrorists, the Interfax news agency reports.	0
0	Powell sees Israeli withdrawal plan as opportunity for peace talks  US Secretary of State Colin Powell has said that the Gaza disengagement plan being pushed forward by Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has provided an opportunity for reactivating peace talks.	4
0	Kerry Looks to Avoid Gore Recount Errors (AP)  AP - Sen. John Kerry, bracing for a potential fight over election results, will not hesitate to declare victory Nov. 2 and defend it, advisers say. He also will be prepared to name a national security team before knowing whether he's secured the presidency.	1
0	Heart Op Over, UK's Blair Now Risks Succession War   LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's Prime Minister Tony Blair  underwent successful heart surgery on Friday and returned home  looking relaxed following a surprise vow to serve a record  third term and deny rivals power for five more years.	3
0	Tens of Thousands Protest Bush in NYC  NEW YORK - More than 100,000 demonstrators marched past a heavily fortified Republican convention hall on Sunday, chanting denunciations of the administration and the war in Iraq as delegates flocked to the city to nominate President Bush for four more years in the White House.    Vice President Dick Cheney campaigned his way into the convention city three days ahead of the president, praising him as "calm in a crisis, comfortable with responsibility and determined to do everything needed to protect our people." He spoke on Ellis Island, framed by a Manhattan skyline altered irrevocably by terrorism...	0
0	Palestinians believe they can build Arab world #39;s first democracy  Freed from Yasser Arafat #39;s one-man rule, Palestinians say they are eager and able to build the first real democracy in the Arab world, despite the dangers lurking on the road to Jan. 9 elections.	2
1	Rather Says CBS Was  #39;Misled #39; on Documents  Description: CBS executives and anchorman Dan Rather say they were misled about documents on President Bush #39;s National Guard duty.	0
0	Kerry Links Assault Weapons to Terrorism (AP)  AP - John Kerry linked U.S. assault weapon sales to worries about terrorism Friday and said President Bush was bowing to the National Rifle Association by not pushing to keep alive an expiring ban.	0 1
0	Bush Says Hopes for Quick End to Canada Beef Ban  President Bush pledged on Tuesday to try to expedite the opening of US borders to Canadian beef as he sought to mend ties with Canada frayed by the Iraq 	0
1	With Arafat in Coma Near Death, Conflict Mounts Over Burial Site  Palestinian officials acknowledged Friday that Yasser Arafat was in a coma and struggling to survive, while Israeli officials issued blunt warnings 	2
1	Parties seek advantage in Vietnam debate  The events may be 35 years old, but the heated discussion hasn #39;t stopped because Republicans and Democrats alike sense a political advantage in keeping the debate over John Kerry #39;s service in Vietnam on voters #39; minds.	1
0	Bush eurges peace and progress   quot;The death of Yasser Arafat is a significant moment in Palestinian history. We express our condolences to the Palestinian people.	0 2
0	Mourning Palestinians Pledge Vote to Replace Arafat   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat's successors  promised swift elections to replace him Saturday as  Palestinians flocked to his tomb to pay last respects to the  ex-guerrilla who symbolized hopes of a state.	2
0	Bush faces critical test in second debate (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush's re-election bid, battered by bad news on the economy and Iraq, faced a critical test as he headed into a second debate with resurgent Democrat John Kerry.	0 1
0	Bush vows to  #39;reach out to our friends #39;  HALIFAX, Nova Scotia A  quot;new term in office is an important opportunity to reach out to our friends, quot; President George W. Bush said on an overnight trip to Canada, but he remained uncompromising about the US-led invasion of Iraq and his insistence that the 	0
0	Sharon rival backs referendum on Gaza pullout  JERUSALEM -- Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's attempt to speed up a withdrawal from the Gaza Strip was undercut yesterday by his main political rival, who called for a national referendum that could delay or even scuttle the pullout.	4
0	Confusion Over Arafat, Palestinians Prepare Burial   PARIS (Reuters) - Palestinians looked to their leadership  to lift confusion over Yasser Arafat's fate in a French  hospital on Wednesday as preparations gathered pace to bury the  icon of their fight for statehood. Arafat, 75, suffered a brain  hemorrhage on Tuesday at the hospital where he was flown from  the West Bank on Oct. 29 and had lain in a coma. Officials  insisted in public that he was alive, though aides said  privately that he was dead.	2
1	Bush, Kerry enter homestretch  Television commercials will sell soup and cars, not Vietnam War records or health care plans. Parks and sports arena that were the sites of campaign rallies will again be places of play.	1
0	Sharon angers settlers by refusing to negotiate  As some Palestinians returned to their Gaza homes to survey the damage after a deadly incursion, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon tried to win support for his withdrawal plan from angry Jewish settlers.	4
0	Muslim Cleric Rushes to Arafat's Side Amid Confusion   PARIS (Reuters) - A top Muslim cleric rushed to Yasser  Arafat's bedside in a French hospital on Wednesday, insisting  the veteran Palestinian leader was still alive even as aides  pushed ahead with burial preparations.	2
0	Security and trade in President Bushs agenda.  In his first overseas policy speech since been reelected US president George W. Bush, addressing the CEO APEC summit in Santiago de Chile on Saturday promised to keep strengthening freedom and democracy in the world and asked for a greater commitment in 	0
0	Kerry Says Bush Hiding Mobilization Plan  ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. - Democratic Sen...	1
1	Moore: Bush #39;s defeat would be the  quot;real Oscar quot;  Michael Moore is willing to sacrifice a Best Documentary prize at the 2005 Academy Awards in a bid to cripple President George W. Bush #39;s chances in November #39;s presidential elections.	0
1	American Taliban Asks Bush To Commute Sentence  SAN FRANCISCO -- The so-called  quot;American Taliban quot; wants President George W. Bush to let him out of prison early. John Walker Lindh is asking the president to commute his 20-year term for helping the Taliban.	0
1	Bush taps Condoleezza Rice to replace Colin Powell as secretary of <b>...</b>  President George W. Bush turned to his most trusted foreign policy adviser, Condoleezza Rice, to lead US diplomacy during his second term, replacing Secretary of State Colin Powell, who often was out of step with more hawkish members of 	0
1	Bush: World Watching Ukraine #39;s Crisis  In this photo released by the White House, President Bush phones US troops from his ranch on Thanksgiving Day, Thursday, Nov. 25, 2004, in Crawford, Texas.	0
1	UK Hostage in Iraq Makes Plea; Italian Captives #39; Fate Unknown  Kenneth Bigley, a Briton taken hostage in Iraq, asked UK Prime Minister Tony Blair to help save his life, while Italy #39;s government said it #39;s cautious #39; #39; about the reliability of statements 	3
0	Israeli Coalition on Verge of Collapse Over Budget   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's  coalition reeled toward collapse on Wednesday over a budget  vote likely to force him to remake his government or call  elections that would imperil his Gaza withdrawal plan.	4
1	CBS News Fires Producer Over Arafat Special Report   LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - CBS News has fired the producer  responsible for interrupting the last five minutes of a hit  crime drama with a special report on the death of Palestinian  President Yasser Arafat, a network source said on Friday.	2
0	Israeli-Egyptian relations soften  In the boldest sign of a thaw following the death of Yasser Arafat, Egypt will collaborate with Israel in new industrial zones and may soon return its ambassador to Israel.	2
0	Britain Proposes Debt Relief to Nations  Britain will provide more debt relief for the world #39;s poorest countries and challenge other rich countries to do the same, Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s government said Sunday.	3
0	Clinton Tells Democrats to Work on Image (AP)  AP - Former President Clinton has a message for Democrats inconsolable after President Bush's re-election: Buck up. It's not that bad. You need to improve your image.	0
0	Routine operation but more evidence of heart trouble  Tony Blair will undergo a catheter ablation operation which will correct his heart #39;s abnormal rhythm - a condition the Prime Minister has suffered from in the past.	3
0	 #39;Some corruption #39; in Palestinian Authority, admits Arafat  The chairman of the Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat, today offered a rare admission that he had made mistakes, but his vague contrition angered Palestinian politicians who have been calling for reform and tougher anti-corruption measures. 	2
0	Arafat to get treatment in France  France confirms that ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat will be flown to Paris 'imminently' for treatment.	2
1	Gore campaign rejected allegations similar to CBS report, former <b>...</b>  Former Vice President Al Gore #39;s presidential campaign heard but did not pursue allegations about George W. Bush #39;s Air National Guard service, similar to the information in discredited documents aired by CBS News this month, a former campaign official said 	0
0	Bush expected to dominate APEC talks  The 12th Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Forum in Chile this week has a thematic agenda that could detour into security and world peace issues, especially with newly reelected US President George W. Bush asserting his global leadership role.	0
1	Key US army official slams Bush over Halliburton Iraq contracts  One of the US Army #39;s top procurement officers yesterday called the Bush administration #39;s grant of multibillion-dollar contracts to oil services giant Halliburton  quot;the worst case of contracting abuse she has ever seen quot;.	0
1	Questions growing over Iraq  President Bush is doggedly working to  quot;stay on message quot; in defense of his Iraq policy, but a series of recent remarks and reports raises new questions about the rationale and the operation of the war.	0
0	A cruel price for Enduring Freedom  THE death of a 13-year-old English boy from an overdose of heroin is a grim reminder of the social cost of what United States President George W. Bush lauded last June as  #39;the first victory in the war on terror #39;.	0
1	As Arafat worsens, leaders prepare funeral  PARIS -- Yasser Arafat #39;s coma deepened and his condition deteriorated dramatically yesterday according to the Palestinian leadership, who visited him at a Paris hospital and then returned to the West Bank to declare that his life was now  #39; #39;in the hand of 	2
0	New N.Ireland talks as leaders push for swift peace deal (AFP)  AFP - British Prime Minister Tony Blair and his Irish counterpart Bertie Ahern were meeting Northern Ireland's main Protestant and Catholic leaders as efforts intensified to seal a comprehensive power-sharing deal in the province.	3
0	Blair unveils a 10-point policy plan as he sets out vision for <b>...</b>  Tony Blair pledged to create an  quot;opportunity society quot; in which everyone had  quot;an equal chance to succeed quot; yesterday as he outlined the policies he would introduce if Labour wins an historic third term in power.	3
1	Chirac ridicules  #39;special relationship #39; with US  Jacques Chirac has scorned Britain #39;s special relationship with America, saying Tony Blair had little to show for his support for the US in Iraq.	3
1	John Kerry #39;s Tipping Point  There is a growing sense that John Kerry #39;s campaign has reached a tipping point. The watershed moment was a sharply worded and highly publicized speech attacking George Bush #39;s policy on Iraq on Sept.	1
0	Rivlin charges pullout supporters with disloyalty to Israel  Knesset Speaker Reuven Rivlin (Likud) on Thursday charged Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and other supporters of disengagement with disloyalty to Israel.	4
1	Film Fans Make Bush 'Movie Villain of the Year' (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush may see himself as defender of democracy and compassionate conservatism but British film fans have voted him "Movie Villain of the Year."	0
1	Arafat #39;s health reportedly deteriorating  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s health reportedly deteriorated Wednesday night, the BBC reported. Arafat has been under treatment at a Paris military hospital for an undisclosed 	2
0	Labour slips to third place in UK poll  LONDON - British Prime Minister Tony Blair has seen his ruling Labour Party slip to third place in a newspaper poll on the eve of its annual conference.	3
1	Bush and Kerry exchange attacks  The US election is just little over two weeks away, and President Bush and Senator John Kerry continue to trade attacks on the campaign trail.	0 1
0	World Leaders React to Bush Victory  Russian President Vladimir Putin led world leaders #39; tributes to George W. Bush #39;s victory in the US presidential race, saying it meant Americans had not allowed themselves to be cowed by terrorists.	0
0	PA: It #39;s  #39;peculiar #39; Israel didn #39;t inform us of Sinai warnings  Palestinian Authority Chairman Yasser Arafat on Monday hinted that Israel was behind the suicide attacks in Sinai and said the PA was holding contacts with the Egyptian government on the issue.	2
1	Rumsfeld to stay on as defense secretary  Ex-NYC Police Chief Bernard Kerik has been named the new Homeland Security chief. Is he a good choice? WASHINGTON -- President Bush asked Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld, who directed American military forces 	0
0	Bush to Visit Hurricane-Stricken States  PENSACOLA, Fla. - President Bush scheduled a Sunday visit to hurricane-stricken Florida and Alabama - the third such visit for Florida - as many victims of Hurricane Ivan faced another day of digging through the debris of wrecked homes for their belongings and waiting hours in lines for food and water...	0
1	Now on DVD: The Passion of the Bush  The DVD "George W. Bush: Faith in the White House," marketed as a response to "Fahrenheit 9/11," portrays the president as God's warrior.	0
0	Arafat to Lobby for British Hostage Release   DUBLIN (Reuters) - Palestinian President Yasser Arafat is  to lobby for the release of Kenneth Bigley, the British  engineer held hostage in Iraq, Irish and Palestinian officials  said on Tuesday.	2
0	Polls Show Nov. 2 Race Even as Bush Bounce Fades (Reuters)  Reuters - Two national polls on Thursday showed the race between President Bush and Democrat John Kerry deadlocked again as Bush's convention bounce faded, although the president has made headway in key swing states.	0 1
0	Bush Awards Medal of Freedom to Three (AP)  AP - President Bush awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom on Tuesday to three figures who were central to his Iraq policy, former CIA Director George Tenet, former Iraq administrator L. Paul Bremer and retired Gen. Tommy Franks.	0
0	Republicans, protesters mass in New York (AFP)  AFP - Republicans descended on New York for their national convention to rally President George W. Bush back to the White House, as anti-Bush demonstrators planned a massive, noisy protest in the streets.	0
1	Blair faces procedure to regulate his heart  LONDON - Prime Minister Tony Blair said he will enter the hospital today for treatment of an irregular heartbeat. Blair, 51, said the procedure was routine and would not affect his plans to seek a full third 	3
0	Delegates, Protesters Descend on New York  NEW YORK - Abortion-rights protesters and the first Republican delegates descended on President Bush's heavily fortified convention city Saturday as campaign officials said their boss would use the nomination spotlight to defend his hawkish foreign polices and offer a second-term agenda for health care, education and job training.   "He believes it's important for a candidate to talk about what he's done and, most important, where he wants to lead," said adviser Karen Hughes, aboard Bush's campaign bus in Ohio...	0
1	Arafat Aides Agree on Security Plan to Maintain Civil Order  Yasser Arafat #39;s top deputies agreed on a security plan to maintain civil order in the West Bank and Gaza Strip while the Palestinian leader #39;s medical condition remained unchanged at a French hospital, a spokesman said.	2
0	European Leaders Congratulate Bush  European leaders were quick to comment Tuesday on President George W. Bush #39;s narrow victory over Sen. John Kerry in the United States presidential election.	0 1
0	Cheney: Kerry Sends Message of Confusion (AP)  AP - Vice President Dick Cheney on Tuesday called Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry an indecisive opportunist who is "not prepared to lead America in the war on terror."	1
1	Kerry turns tables on Bush with month left till poll  WASHINGTON - A month before the US presidential election, George Bush suddenly faces a resurgent John Kerry and a fight for his political life.	1
1	Bush Leads Kerry by One Point - Reuters Poll  President Bush held a one-point lead over Democratic rival John Kerry nationwide but Kerry gained a slight advantage in the showdown state 	0 1
0	Violence won #39;t delay poll: Iraqi PM  Iraq #39;s interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi says elections will go ahead as scheduled in January despite unrelenting violence. Allawi spoke after meeting with British Prime Minister Tony Blair, who described 	3
0	Nephew to Get Arafat's Medical Records (AP)  AP - Yasser Arafat's nephew arrived in Paris on Sunday to collect the Palestinian leader's medical records, which could explain the cause of his death. Nasser al-Kidwa, who is also the Palestinian representative to the United Nations, would not say when he would collect the records.	2
0	Bush says 60,000-70,000 troops to be withdrawn from Europe and Asia (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush announced that 60,000 to 70,000 US troops would be brought home from bases in Europe and Asia over the next decade as part of a major defence reorganisation.	0
0	Will Arafat Triumph from Beyond the Grave?  From the adoration of Yasser Arafat, youd think he was a notable humanitarian instead of a cold-blooded killer, -- a statesman instead of the head of a fascist gang willing to wade through an ocean of blood, and climb a mountain of corpses, to arrive 	2
1	Israel allows Tunisian medical team to examine Arafat in Ramallah  A week after Egyptian experts examined PA chief, five Tunisian doctors expected to arrive in the Mukata Saturday night. Arafats associates: He is in good health, has recently recovered from severe flu.	2
1	Gunmen fire into Arafat mourning tent, Palestinian elections set <b>...</b>  Officials now say two security guards are dead and six other people wounded after gunmen opened fire in a mourning tent set up for Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Syria dismisses Israel #39;s conditional talks offer  Syria has dismissed an offer by Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon to meet with President Bashar al-Assad under  quot;certain conditions quot; as falling short of a proposal from Damascus.	4
1	Residents agree there are no easy answers  The death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat early Thursday morning reignited the debate over the future of Israel and the Palestinians worldwide, but even locally residents admitted an answer remains elusive.	2
1	Kerry picks senior campaign aide  Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry, under pressure to bring new focus to his campaign, added a veteran political strategist to his travelling campaign entourage, rounding out changes to his senior staff.	1
0	Campbell snubs Dyke war criticisms  ALASTAIR Campbell last night refused to be drawn on a stinging, personalised attack launched against him and Tony Blair over Iraq by Greg Dyke, the BBC #39;s former director-general, in extracts from his book published yesterday.	3
1	Sharon, Peres seek common ground on coalition govt  Labor Party Chairman Shimon Peresand Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon have agreed in principlethat if a national unity government is formed, it will last till November 2006 	4
1	Blair warned against troops help to US in Iraq  LONDON - British Prime Minister Tony Blair has been warned not to put British troops in Iraq in danger merely as a political gesture to the American administration.	3
1	Six Weeks From Election Day, Little Is Clear  First the good: The rather extraordinary bump President Bush received after the Republican convention appears to have been just that, a bump.	0
0	Snow to Stay on With Bush, Principi Exits (AP)  AP - Treasury Secretary John Snow, an aggressive champion of the administration's economic policies, accepted President Bush's offer Wednesday to remain in the Cabinet.	0
2	USC #39;s Bush shows Heisman candidate form  CORVALLIS -- When Oregon State played at Arizona last week, the Heisman Trophy was on display at the University of Arizona campus in Tucson.	0
0	White House: Guard Never Disciplined Bush  WASHINGTON - President Bush never was disciplined while serving in the Texas Air National Guard, never failed a physical and never asked his father or family friends for help to get him into the guard during the Vietnam War, the White House said Wednesday.    The White House answers came in response to a dozen questions submitted by The Associated Press in light of new records detailing Bush's Guard service and allegations that have surfaced this election season...	0
0	Let liberty transform Palestinians, too  In September, President Bush reasserted his commitment to the  quot;road map quot; for Middle East peace, launched in 2003 to achieve a comprehensive Israeli-Palestinian agreement by 2005.	0
0	Resentment high on Arafat's wife  RAMALLAH, West Bank -- Suha Daoud Tawil Arafat, 41, has been the focus of resentment and controversy among Palestinians for most of the time that she has been married to the founder and chief symbol of the Palestinian national movement.	2
0	Rice Counsels Patience During Iraq War (AP)  AP - Defending President Bush's foreign policies, national security adviser Condoleezza Rice counseled Americans to be "less critical of every twist and turn" in Iraq.	0
1	Bush to Push Social Security Change, Spending Curbs at Summit  President George W. Bush, facing pressure to trim a record US budget deficit, will combine a push to restructure Social Security with a call for spending discipline as he wraps up a two-day economic summit.	0
2	Bush Wants Baseball to Work Out Steroids Problem (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush wants Major League Baseball management and players to come up with a tough steroids testing program on their own and believes progress is being made, his spokesman said on Wednesday.	0
2	Football loss signals Kerry win  JOHN Kerry supporters have a welcome omen for their US presidential candidate: The Green Bay Packers defeated the Washington Redskins yesterday.	1
0	Envoy Cites Chance for Peace in Mideast (AP)  AP - The top U.N. envoy in the Middle East said Monday there is a new opportunity for peace, citing recent statements from the Israeli and Palestinian leadership as well as President Bush.	0
1	North Korea says resumption of six-nation talks depends on US <b>...</b>  North Korea on Tuesday accused the administration of US President George W. Bush of using a dispute over its nuclear weapons program to gain votes in next week #39;s presidential election.	0
0	Israeli Cabinet approves compensation plan for uprooted settlers  JERUSALEM The Israeli Cabinet has approved legislation to pay compensation to settlers uprooted by Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Gaza withdrawal plan.	4
1	Party rebels are warned by Prescott  LONDON: Tony Blair #39;s combative deputy warned potential leadership rivals yesterday they would not be forgiven for challenging Britain #39;s prime minister and threatening electoral success.	3
1	Bush Executive Orders Could Reform CIA  WASHINGTON -- Administration and congressional officials say George W. Bush #39;s White House has drafted executive orders to implement two key recommendations of the 9/11 commission -- a more powerful intelligence director and a new national counterterrorism 	0
0	Israel Military, Religious Leaders at Odds over Gaza Withdrawal  Israel #39;s top military leader blasted some Jewish religious leaders for urging followers to refuse to follow military orders to evacuate settlements, as part of Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s disengagement plans.	4
0	Colombia backs off claim Bush was targeted  BOGOTA -- Colombia's government backpedaled yesterday on a sensational claim made by the defense minister that Marxist rebels wanted to assassinate President Bush during a recent state visit.	0
1	Palestinian PM Qureia, groups issue unity call  Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia and other rival Palestinians called for unity on Saturday in the event of Yasser Arafat #39;s death.	2
1	Kerry #39;s Real Heroism Came After The War  To be fair about it, George W. Bush did what many of us would have done given the chance. He ducked the war in Vietnam and got free flying lessons in the deal.	0 1
1	Three Illinois stations to air controversial documentary  UNDATED Three central Illinois television stations are planning to air a controversial documentary later this month that focuses on Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry #39;s opposition to the Vietnam war.	1
0	Bush Announces Plan for Troop Realignment  WASHINGTON - Two Army divisions will return to the United States from Germany as part of a global military restructuring that President Bush says will bring up to 70,000 American troops home in the next decade.    Pentagon officials said Monday the 1st Armored Division and 1st Infantry Division probably won't start leaving their bases in Germany until 2006 at the earliest...	0
0	Some Outdoormen to Consider Backing Kerry (AP)  AP - Bob Elderkin's vote would appear to be a sure bet for President Bush on Nov. 2. He is a hunter, part of a conservative-leaning group of outdoorsmen that is 38 million strong and avidly supports gun rights.	0
0	UK verdict may jeopardise Blair #39;s terror policies  British Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s security strategy, a central plank in his re-election bid, looked in trouble today after a landmark legal ruling against a vital part of his anti-terror policy.	3
0	Blair admits Iraq intelligence flawed  TONY JONES: British Prime Minister Tony Blair has admitted at the Labour Party conference in Brighton he was wrong about Iraq #39;s weapons of mass destruction.	3
3	Bush Picks Kellogg CEO as Commerce Chief   WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Bush on Monday chose  Carlos Gutierrez, the Cuban-born CEO of Kellogg Co, as his  nominee to be commerce secretary, his second selection of a  Hispanic for a second-term Cabinet.	0
1	Race tightens in wake of presidential debate  WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- After a weekend of criticism from Democratic challenger John Kerry on his economic policies, President Bush defended the centerpiece of his domestic programs on Monday, signing an extension of some of the most popular elements of 	0 1
0	'Sorry' Is the Hardest Word for Blair on Iraq   LONDON (Reuters) - Tony Blair's ministers have said it, his  political opponents are baying for it but the British prime  minister refuses to utter it.	3
0	Arafat Is in Coma 'Between Life and Death,' Spokeswoman Says  Yasir Arafat is not brain dead, his spokeswoman said as Palestinian officials met to consider a future without him.	2
0	Bashir appeals for Muslim support  Alleged Southeast Asian extremist chief Abu Bakar Bashir on Thursday accused police of arresting him on orders of President Bush, and dismissed terror charges against him as  quot;laughable.	0
0	Palestinians Head to Paris to Probe Arafat's Death   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian leaders plan to  dispatch a delegation to Paris to seek details on what caused  the death of President Yasser Arafat last week at a French  hospital, officials said on Wednesday.	2
0	Early decisions may signal direction of Bush #39;s foreign policy  President Bush faces some unusually early foreign-policy decisions that will signal whether he #39;ll stick with the aggressive, go-it-alone approach that dominated his first term or soften its edges with diplomacy.	0
0	Colombian Rebels Sought Bush Assassination  Colombia's main rebel group asked followers to mount an assassination attempt against President Bush during his visit to Colombia last week, Defense Minister Jorge Uribe said. There was no evidence Saturday that rebels even tried to organize such an attack.	0
2	Leinart, Bush, White and Peterson lead final 5  Four players whose teams are bound for the Orange Bowl dominate the Heisman Trophy finalist list, which was announced Wednesday evening on SportsCenter.	0
0	Memos Show Bush Suspended From Flying  WASHINGTON - Newly unearthed memos state George W. Bush was suspended from flying for the Texas Air National Guard during the Vietnam war because he failed to meet Guard standards and failed to take his annual flight physical as required...	0
1	In Hamptons, Kerry cups runneth over  If the window display of Valerie Smith #39;s monogram store is any indication, John Kerry trumps George Bush in East Hampton. On the day of Kerry #39;s fund-raising visit to the Hamptons, tins of 	1
1	Bush congratulates Yudhoyono  WASHINGTON - US President George W Bush on Monday congratulated Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono on his victory in the Indonesian presidential election, the White House said.	0
0	Delegate Wears 'Purple Heart' Bandages (AP)  AP - A GOP delegate handed out bandages with purple hearts on them Monday night at the Republican National Convention in a swipe at Democratic nominee John Kerry's war record, but national GOP officials have asked him to stop.	1
1	Arafat stable, but not out of danger: Doctors  French doctors attending to Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat at a private nursing home in Clamart, near Paris, have said that he is in good shape, but still not out of danger.	2
0	Israel's Peres Urges Election, Pressures Sharon   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's opposition Labour Party  leader pushed an already embattled prime minister to the wall  by advocating early elections a day after Ariel Sharon's Likud  party barred him from coalition negotiations.	4
0	CBS Producer on Thin Ice After Guard Story  NEW YORK - The fallout from CBS's doomed story about President Bush's National Guard service most endangers a woman few viewers know but who played a key role in two of the biggest television stories of the year.    Mary Mapes, a veteran producer at CBS News, reported most of the National Guard story, including obtaining the documents CBS now says it can't authenticate...	0
1	Arafat Aide Claims He Is Not in Coma  A cameraman shoots video footage backdropped by a row of posters depicting Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat in Kalandia, prior to a PLO leadership meeting at the compound in the West Bank city of Ramallah, Saturday Nov. 6, 2004.	2
0	Bush Pledges 'Nothing Will Hold Us Back'  NEW YORK - President Bush picked apart John Kerry's record on the Iraq war and tax cuts Thursday night and summoned the nation toward victory over terrorism and economic security at home. "Nothing will hold us back," he said in a Republican National Convention acceptance speech that launched his fall re-election campaign...	0 1
0	Bush Signs Into Law Debt Ceiling Increase  <p></p><p> WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Bush on Friday signed intolaw a measure authorizing an  $800 billion increase in thecredit limit of the United States, the White House said.</p>	0
0	Bush, Kerry Economic Budgets Exceed  $1T  WASHINGTON - President Bush and Democratic Sen. John Kerry have starkly different economic priorities with a common thread: price tags exceeding  $1 trillion that could pump already huge deficits skyward over the next decade...	0 1
1	Israel Winds Down Gaza Military Operation  Several thousand Israeli settlers and supporters demonstrate, during a rally against Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s planned pullout and evacuation of Gaza Strip Jewish settlements, near Sharon #39;s residence, in Jerusalem, Thursday, Oct. 14, 2004.	4
0	Senators Urge Bush to Rethink Iraq Policy (AP)  AP - Senators from both parties urged the Bush administration on Sunday to make a realistic assessment of the situation in Iraq and adjust its policies aimed at pacifying the country.	0
0	Blair #39;s pledge on Hassan worries her colleagues  BAGHDAD - Iraqi colleagues of kidnapped aid worker Margaret Hassan say they are deeply worried that Tony Blair #39;s repeated pledge to  #39;save #39; her is, in fact, putting her life in increased danger.	3
0	Israelis, Palestinians at Odds Over U.S. Election (Reuters)  Reuters - If Israeli settler Rachel Saperstein could decide the outcome of the U.S. election, President Bush would beat Democratic challenger John Kerry by a landslide.	0 1
0	Poll Says Bush Still Has Edge Over Kerry  WASHINGTON - More voters consider President Bush a strong leader who can do a better job combatting terrorism even though they widely agree that Democratic Sen. John Kerry won the first debate focused solely on foreign policy...	0 1
1	Leaders join Arafat funeral procession  Hundreds of Arab and Muslim leaders and officials participated Friday in the funeral procession of the late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat in Cairo.	2
0	French Doctors Examine Seriously Ill Arafat   CLAMART, France (Reuters) - Palestinian leader Yasser  Arafat, who doctors say may have leukemia, was conscious and in  "good shape" at a French hospital on Friday after leaving the  West Bank for the first time in more than 2-1/2 years.	2
1	Kerry takes message to Tampa  TAMPA - In an energetic speech that pumped up a crowd of about 250, Sen. John Kerry lambasted President Bush for sending troops to war without the best equipment, cutting taxes for the rich and leaving 45 million Americans without health care.	0 1
1	American Taliban Asks Bush To Commute 20-Year Sentence  SAN FRANCISCO -- John Walker Lindh asked President Bush on Tuesday to commute his 20-year prison sentence for aiding the Taliban. His lawyer, James Brosnahan, said Lindh was a young man in the wrong place at the wrong time.	0
1	Asians want Bush ousted in US poll  Most Asians want George W Bush voted out of office in next month #39;s US presidential election, even though many are unaware who his challenger is.	0
1	UN seeks quick move to Palestinian state  Nations of the world honored Yasser Arafat as a head of state Thursday, with many joining the deceased leader #39;s call for a quick transition to a Palestinian state living in peace with its neighbors.	2
1	Israel wont interfere in choice of Arafat successor: President <b>...</b>  JERUSALEM - Israel will not interfere in the selection of an eventual successor to Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, who is currently undergoing medical tests in France for a mystery illness, Israeli President Moshe Katzav said in comments broadcast on 	2
0	Arafats medical records fail to halt rumors  Yasser Arafat #39;s nephew, Mr. Naser al-Kidwa, said Saturday that his uncles medical file will not allay suspicions that he may have died an  quot;unnatural quot; death, a statement expected to revive speculation among Palestinians and in the rest of the Arab world 	2
0	Nader to Hit Swing States; Kerry Improves (AP)  AP - With polls showing a narrowing gap between President Bush and Sen. John Kerry, independent candidate Ralph Nader said Sunday that he planned to continue campaigning in key battleground states in the final month of the presidential election.	0 1
0	Bush Sued in Chile Over Prisoner Abuse  A coalition of small leftist political groups has sued President Bush and other U.S. government officials for the abuses against prisoners at the Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq.	0
0	Opponents accuse Blair of lying to help Bush  LONDON -- Political opponents of Prime Minister Tony Blair launched a renewed attack on his handling of the Iraq conflict yesterday, as British soldiers prepared to move deeper into the country to support US troops.	3
0	Arafat Wife Deputies Plotting to  #39;Bury Him Alive #39;  Yasser Arafat #39;s wife accused Palestinian leaders on Monday of plotting to  quot;bury him alive, quot; but they decided to go ahead with a visit to the critically ill Palestinian president at a French military hospital.	2
3	Bush, Kerry camps spar on overtime  WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- New rules governing overtime pay kicked in Monday, spurring a politically charged debate over the impact of the new regulations on American workers #39; time cards and paychecks.	1
1	Source: Bush administration briefed about spy probe early  The FBI first briefed senior White House officials early in the Bush administration about an investigation into whether a major pro-Israel lobbying organization was providing US intelligence information to Israel, officials said Friday 	0
1	Kerik #39;s Position Was Untenable, Bush Aide Says  President Bush readily accepted Bernard B. Kerik #39;s decision to withdraw his nomination as homeland security secretary after the White House concluded 	0
1	Bush aiming new criticism at Kerry positions  President Bush is unveiling sharp new criticism aimed at Sen. John Kerry #39;s positions on national security and domestic concerns, including taxes and Social Security, as he 	0 1
0	Sharon and Abbas Say They Are Willing to Meet (Reuters)  Reuters - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas said in interviews published Sunday they would be willing to meet, though such talks were unlikely before a Jan. 9 Palestinian election.	4
0	Roh, Bush to Coordinate on NK Nukes  South Korea and the United States were discussing a last-minute deal until late Friday night over how to deal with the North Korean nuclear issue ahead of the summit meeting between 	0
0	Palestinian commission to investigate Arafat #39;s cause of death  RAMALLAH, West Bank The Palestinian prime minister has ordered an investigation into the cause of Yasser Arafat #39;s death. A statement from Ahmed Qureia #39;s (AHK #39;-mehd kuh-RAY #39;-uhz) office says a commission will 	2
0	Kerry Tries to Counter Impact of Criticism  WASHINGTON - Attacks on John Kerry's war record may be beginning to have an impact, polls suggest, amid raised voices and new TV ads on a subject at least temporarily dominating debate in the close presidential race.    Democrats are laboring to deflect the questioning of Kerry's record with fresh ads touting his fitness for national command, even as the White House mocks the Massachusetts senator as "losing his cool" over claims he lied to win military medals in Vietnam...	1
1	Bush, Kerry tied in debate, polls suggest  ST. LOUIS, MISSOURI - Sen. John Kerry edged slightly ahead of President George Bush in Friday #39;s presidential debate, polls suggested, but analysts dismissed the lead as too small to matter.	1
0	Palestinian Leaders Prepare Post-Arafat Security Plan  Palestinian leaders have agreed on a plan to provide security in Gaza and the West Bank as Yasser Arafat remains in serious condition in a Paris hospital.	2
1	Bush Nominates His Top Counsel for Justice Post  President Bush on Wednesday nominated Alberto R. Gonzales, the White House counsel and a longtime political loyalist, to be his next attorney general.	0
1	Arafat Seriously Ill but in Stable Condition  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat was said to be seriously ill but in stable condition Thursday as a team of international doctors prepared 	2
1	WAKE -UP CALL To All Senior Citizens  In December 2003, Bush signed the new Medicare Prescription Drug and Modernization Act into law. Many seniors expected it to provide much needed relief from escalating health care costs.	0
1	Kerry told to fight  #39;Bush bounce #39;  Senior Democrats are calling on John Kerry to reinvigorate his campaign, or risk losing the US election to President George Bush. Two polls released since the end of the Republican convention last week have suggested 10-point leads for Mr Bush.	0 1
0	The fractured political arena  ts all a matter of timing now. Shinui appears determined to vote against the 2005 budgets first reading tomorrow and Prime Minister Ariel Sharon appears determined to fire the Shinui ministers if they do so.	4
1	JUSTICE NOMINEE  GWEN IFILL: President Bush moved quickly today to replace Attorney General John Ashcroft, who offered his resignation on Election Day.	0
0	Arafat family bickers over medical records of Palestinian leader  PARIS Getting to the bottom of what killed Yassar Arafat could shape up to be an ugly family tug-of-war. Arafat #39;s half-brother and nephew want copies of Arafat #39;s medical records from the suburban Paris hospital 	2
0	Reuters Poll: Bush, Kerry in White House Dead Heat (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush and Democratic Sen. John Kerry remain tied in the race for the White House two weeks before the Nov. 2 election, according to a Reuters/Zogby poll released on Tuesday.	0 1
1	Stand Up to Putin  Vladimir Putin, the aspiring dictator of Russia, has forced President Bush to reveal how committed he really is to the cause of democracy around the world.	0
3	Markets welcome Bush victory with a stock rally  Wall Street cheered the incumbents victory with a day of active trading and a rise in the major indexes. The Dow Jones industrial average was up 101.	0
0	British hostage begs Blair to call off Iraq redeployment  DOHA, Qatar -- Kidnapped British aid worker Margaret Hassan begged Prime Minister Tony Blair in a video aired Friday to save her life by scrapping the planned redeployment of British troops and pulling them out of Iraq.	3
1	Political crisis in Israel  JERUSALEM - Israel #39;s parliament voted against the state budget yesterday, triggering a political crisis that could topple Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s government.	4
1	The Sunday update  Sen. Pat Roberts, R-Kan.; Sen. Carl Levin, D-Mich.; Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry #39;s daughters, Vanessa and Alexandra.	1
0	Bush Says Kerry Wants 'Acceptable' Level of Terror (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush stepped up his attack on Democratic rival John Kerry on Monday by saying the Massachusetts senator would prefer to reduce terror to an "acceptable level" rather than eradicate it.	0 1
0	A Fast Finisher's Reputation Now Faces the Ultimate Test  John Kerry and his supporters are counting on the reputation he cemented eight years ago and again in the Democratic primaries as a candidate who runs best from behind.	1
0	FRANCE STRUGGLES TO DENY  #39;POISONOUS #39; ARAFAT RUMOR  JERUSALEM - France yesterday insisted Yasser Arafat did not die of poisoning as it tried to control a wave of conspiracy theories sweeping the Mideast in the wake of the Palestinian leader #39;s death.	2
1	With Echoes of 2000 Vote, Ohio Count Is at Issue  President Bush swept to an apparent popular-vote victory over Senator John Kerry last night, and seemed headed toward winning enough Electoral College votes to assure his re-election.	0 1
1	Abbas safe in gun raid  GAZA CITY: Palestinian militants firing assault rifles burst into a mourning tent for Yasser Arafat yesterday, just moments after the arrival of the Palestinian leader #39;s temporary successor, Mahmoud Abbas, forcing security guards to whisk him away to 	2
1	Debate Finished, Candidates Race Back to Campaign Trail  President Bush and Senator John Kerry stumped on Saturday through four critical states, trying to capitalize on what they saw as each other #39;s weak spots in a second 	0 1
0	Nations voice concern for Arafat  Leaders around the world expressed concern for Yasser Arafat #39;s health as he left the Palestinian territories for Paris for urgent medical tests.	2
0	Bush dodges rebel bullets  A FOUR-hour stopover in Colombia last week could have cost US President George W. Bush his life. Marxist rebel army the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia reportedly planned to kill Mr Bush on his visit 	0
0	Guthrie Publisher Lets Cartoon Use Song  LOS ANGELES - This song is my song, this song is your song. That's the agreement reached between the publishers of Woody Guthrie's classic "This Land is Your Land" and JibJab Media, creators of an animated Internet short that uses the tune in a comic sendup of President Bush and Sen...	0
0	Bush Presses Congress on Anti-Terror Bill (AP)  AP - President Bush pressed Congress on Saturday to pass legislation enacting the Sept. 11 commission's anti-terrorism recommendations and promised to keep working until there is a bill he can sign.	0
1	Debate Finished, Candidates Race Back to Campaign Trail  President Bush and Senator John Kerry stumped on Saturday through four critical states, trying to capitalize on what they saw as each other #39;s weak spots in a second 	0 1
0	Heinz Kerry's Persona Offsets Kerry (AP)  AP - They say that opposites attract, and in the case of Sen. John Kerry and Teresa Heinz Kerry, that may be true  #151; at least in their public personas.	1
1	Cheney: Kerry Turned Back on US Troops  Vice President Dick Cheney said Sunday that Sen. John Kerry had turned his back on US troops to get ahead politically, as the vice president began a nonstop leg of campaigning that will take him to Hawaii.	1
0	Bush Pressing Case for 'Ownership Society' (AP)  AP - Amid signs that the economy is cooling, President Bush is showcasing initiatives for a second term under the banner of an "ownership society" in hopes of bolstering his economic stewardship credentials.	0
0	Graphic Designer Fired After Heckling Bush  CHARLESTON, W.Va. - A man who heckled President Bush at a political rally was fired from his job at an advertising and design company for offending a client who provided tickets to the event...	0
0	Blair Campaign Unfazed by Blunkett Resignation   LONDON (Reuters) - The tearful resignation of a senior  British minister entangled in a three-year love affair is a  hammer blow to Britain's Tony Blair, but few analysts expect it  to derail his drive for re-election next year.	3
0	Nuclear talks with Tehran will continue, says Britain #39;s Blair  British Prime Minister Tony Blair said Monday that dialogue would continue with Tehran over its nuclear programme, but insisted that the international community would not accept the Middle Eastern country developing nuclear weapons.	3
1	ABBAS PEACE BID  JERUSALEM - In a stunning declaration, the Palestinian leader virtually certain to succeed Yasser Arafat said yesterday that the 4-year-old armed uprising against Israel was a mistake and must end.	2
0	Vice Presidential Candidates Trade Barbs (AP)  AP - Vice President Dick Cheney referred to reports Monday of the beheading of an American engineer in Iraq to underscore what he says is the need to keep President Bush in office to confront terrorism.	0
0	Newspapers report Blair may call election earlier than expected? <b>...</b>  Prime Minister Tony Blair may call general elections in February 2005 instead of in May, as had been widely expected, two newspapers reported Sunday.	3
1	Celebs Aiding Anti-Bush Web Campaign (AP)  AP - "Bourne Supremacy" star Matt Damon, "Lost in Translation" actress Scarlett Johansson and other celebrity artists are donating their talents  #151; not just their cash  #151; to an online effort to unseat President Bush.	0
3	Speculation puts markets in sour mood  But many Wall Street traders went home Tuesday night feeling out of sorts, having hammered stocks 19 points into the red in the last two hours of trading, on early reports that John Kerry had taken the lead in the exit polls.	1
0	Judge Orders U.S. to Find Bush Records  WASHINGTON - A federal judge has ordered the Pentagon to find and make public by next week any unreleased files about President Bush's Vietnam-era Air National Guard service to resolve a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit filed by The Associated Press.    U.S...	0
1	Blair Faces Growing Revolt From Lawmakers  British Prime Minister Tony Blair, speaks at a press conference that he held with UN Secretary General Kofi Anan inside 10 Downing St.	3
3	Kerry: Greenspan Warning Is Wake-Up Call  SAN FRANCISCO Aug. 27, 2004 - Democrat John Kerry #39;s presidential campaign said Friday that Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan #39;s warning of a looming crisis for Social Security and Medicare should be 	1
0	Bush Praises Canadians for Post-9/11 Aid  US President Bush speaks at Pier 21 in Halifax, Canada, Wednesday, Dec. 1, 2004. (AP Photo/Charles Dharapak). HALIFAX, Nova Scotia Dec 1, 2004 - President Bush asked Canadians on Wednesday to move beyond 	0
1	Kerry Rails Against Bush On Health Care  DES MOINES, Iowa -- As the November election draws closer, the candidates are pulling off the gloves to win the battleground states.	1
1	Kids Pick Kerry to Be the Next President (AP)  AP - Kid power! Democrat John Kerry is the winner, and the rest of the country should pay attention because the vote on Nickelodeon's Web site has correctly chosen the president of the United States in the past four elections.	1
1	Bush administration adopts UN #39;s wait-and-see posture on Iran #39;s <b>...</b>  STATE DEPARTMENT The Bush administration has agreed to give Iran time to fulfill its promise to freeze all uranium enrichment programs, while continuing to accuse the country of repeated deceptions.	0
0	In Senate Hearing, Goss Pledges Nonpartisanship  Porter J. Goss, President Bush's nominee to head the Central Intelligence Agency, promised his full cooperation with lawmakers.	0
3	Congress Set to Extend Family Tax Cuts  Congress is now poised to hand President Bush an election-year tax cut victory after Senate and House of Representatives negotiators on Wednesday night agreed to extend popular tax breaks for children and couples for five years.	0
1	Kerry: Allawi #39;s Take on Iraq Unrealistic  COLUMBUS, Ohio Sept. 23, 2004 - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry said Thursday that Iraq #39;s Ayad Allawi was sent before Congress to put the  quot;best face quot; on a Bush administration policy that has gone wrong.	1
0	Bush Heralds Intelligence Reform  WASHINGTON - President Bush said Saturday his newly enacted changes in the nation's intelligence community will "improve America's ability to find, track and stop dangerous terrorists," while Democratic critics said the election-season moves fall short of what is needed.    The president said the four executive orders he signed Friday, which give the CIA director additional power over the intelligence community until a new post of national intelligence director is created, establish a national counterterrorism center and promote intelligence-sharing across the government, "reflect specific recommendations" of an independent commission that investigated the Sept...	0
0	Peres Warns Israeli Extremists Might Try to Assassinate Sharon  Opposition leader Shimon Peres voiced fears today that Israeli extremists may try to assassinate Prime Minister Ariel Sharon because of their anger over his plan to withdraw settlers from the Gaza Strip.	4
3	Social Security Reform a Boon for Funds?   NEW YORK (Reuters) - The bonanza many believe President  Bush has handed the mutual fund industry with his plans to  reform Social Security may be a mirage, industry leaders said  on Friday.	0
0	North Korea says resumption of six-nation talks depends on US <b>...</b>  North Korea on Tuesday accused the administration of US President George W. Bush of using a dispute over its nuclear weapons program to gain votes in next week #39;s presidential election.	0
1	Bush Seeks to Allay Worries on Flu Vaccine Shortage  President Bush (news - web sites) told senior citizens in Florida on Tuesday he was doing everything possible to ensure they get flu shots and his campaign accused Sen.	0
1	Blair Undergoes Treatment for Irregular Heartbeat, Sets Off <b>...</b>  British Prime Minister Tony Blair entered a hospital Friday for a procedure to remedy an irregular heartbeat. He says the treatment is routine and expects to return to work on Monday.	3
1	Top Court Finds for  #39;UK #39;s Guantanamo #39; Suspects  Britain #39;s top court delivered a severe jolt to Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s post-Sept. 11 security policies on Thursday by ruling against the detention of foreign terrorism suspects without trial.	3
1	Sayles #39; new film melds satire of Bush and whodunit  Describing his new film,  quot;Silver City, quot; as part murder mystery and part political satire, director John Sayles has made it very clear which politician the movie is satirising.	0
0	we must win this new conflict  Britain is embroiled in a fresh conflict with Iraq as it battles to quash global terrorism for ever, Tony Blair declared in a stark relabelling of the situation yesterday.	3
0	Yasser Arafat remains in coma  French doctors were reportedly using various medical machines to keep Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat alive Saturday until a burial site could be found.	2
1	Update 2  Sharon to reject settlers calls for Gaza vote  To get parliamentary majority for his Gaza Strip plan israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is planning to create a new coalition by joining main opposition Labour party leaded by Shimon Peres.	4
0	Egypt Arrests Alleged Sinai Bombers  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon walks through the halls of his Jerusalem office to attend the weekly cabinet meeting, Sunday Oct. 24, 2004.	4
1	Lawyer for Bush Quits Over Links to Kerry #39;s Foes  The national counsel for President Bush #39;s re-election campaign resigned on Wednesday, less than 24 hours after he acknowledged that he had provided legal advice 	0 1
0	Bush Praises Colombia's Battle Vs. Drugs  Under a security web of warplanes, ships and 15,000 troops, President Bush praised Colombia's battle against drugs and Marxist guerrillas Monday and pledged to keep U.S. aid flowing so "this courageous nation can win its war against narcoterrorists."	0
1	Bush under fire for lost explosives  HUNDREDS of tonnes of high explosives that could be used to detonate nuclear weapons have vanished in Iraq since the United States and Britain invaded, the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) said yesterday.	0
0	Right-Wing Israelis Protest Withdrawal Plan  Thousands of right-wing Israelis packed the streets of central Jerusalem tonight in the latest mass protest against Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to withdraw Jewish settlers from the Gaza Strip.	4
0	Hispanic Voters Declared Their Independence  With 44 percent of their votes going to President Bush, Hispanics can no longer be considered reliably Democrat.	0
1	Bush honours former top officials  Washington: President George W. Bush on Tuesday bestowed the highest US civilian honor on three former top officials, sidestepping their ties to controversies over the Iraq war and its aftermath.	0
0	Britain, Israel Hold Out Prospect of Mideast Talks  Britain and Israel on Monday held out the prospect of a Middle East peace conference in London after the Palestinians elect a successor to Yasser Arafat on Jan. 9. Britain #39;s Daily Telegraph 	2
1	President is said to review disputed Guard records  President Bush has reviewed disputed documents that purport to indicate he refused orders to take a physical examination in 1972 	0
0	Bush calls for stop to outside ads, lauds Kerry's Vietnam war record (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush called for a stop to campaign ads by independent groups, including those targetting John Kerry's war record, and praised his Democratic rival's service as a Swift Boat captain in Vietnam.	0 1
0	Clinton Hails Kerry in Surgery Comeback (AP)  AP - It was vintage Bill Clinton, a lip-biting, thumb-wagging, center-of-attention performance. Seven weeks after quadruple bypass heart surgery, looking pale and unusually thin, the former president came back to give John Kerry a sendoff for the final week of the campaign  #151; promoting his own presidency as well  #151; and bluntly framed the campaign between Kerry and President Bush.	0 1
0	Palestinian Leader Yasser Arafat Dead  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, one of the most controversial and divisive figures in Middle East politics, died in a Paris hospital early Thursday morning of a mystery illness, according to media reports.	2
1	Rice to Have Minor Surgery on Friday  Secretary of State-designate Condoleezza Rice will have a minor surgical procedure on Friday while President Bush is away on a trip to Chile, her spokesman said.	0
1	Bush must choose: Public or Pentagon?  The lives of thousands of Americans may depend on whether President Bush insists that members of his party approve the key recommendation of the 9/11 Commission: that one person oversee all intelligence operations.	0
0	Bush, Kerry Looking for Edge in Debate (AP)  AP - Running even just 20 days before the election, President Bush and Sen. John Kerry are looking for any edge in their third and final debate Wednesday night.	0 1
1	European Commentators Give Kerry Edge in First Debate With Bush  European commentators declared John Kerry the winner of the first US presidential debate, hailing the Democratic challenger #39;s pledge to rebuild alliances that they said President George W. Bush trampled by invading Iraq.	0 1
0	New Yorker Endorses Kerry for President (AP)  AP - The New Yorker has made the first political endorsement in its 80-year history, backing Sen. John Kerry in next week's presidential election.	1
1	Date set for Palestinian elections  RAMALLAH, West Bank -- Elections for a new Palestinian president to replace Yasser Arafat have been scheduled for January 9, Palestinian officials say.	2
0	Russian Envoy Sees Korea Nuclear Talks in Late Jan (Reuters)  Reuters - North Korea could return to six-party talks on its nuclear programs in late January after President Bush forms his new cabinet, Russian ambassador to Japan Alexander Losyukov said Monday.	0
1	Arafat Condemns Suicide Bombing From Hospital Bed  PARIS -- Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat may be hospitalized in Paris, but he #39;s active enough to condemn Monday #39;s deadly bombing in Israel.	2
1	Abbas ready to meet Sharon  Palestine Liberation Organization Chairman Mahmoud Abbas said Sunday he is ready to meet Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon. He told journalists in Cairo, after meeting Arab 	4
1	Apology from CBS on Bush memos AUTHENTIC? Network unsure, knows it <b>...</b>  CBS News and its star anchor Dan Rather, after defending their reporting for two weeks, issued a public apology Monday and acknowledged that they were  quot;deliberately mislead quot; with apparently forged documents that were used as the basis of a  quot;60 Minutes 	0
1	Osama ad #39; may not help either candidate  President Bush tersely countered Osama bin Laden #39;s videotaped attack ad yesterday, saying Americans won #39;t be intimidated or influenced #39; #39; by the enemy - even as John F. Kerry 	0
0	Japan PM determined to face down Iraq hostage-takers week before US vote (AFP)  AFP - Faced with a new hostage-taking in Iraq, Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi appears determined not to break the coalition a week before the US election in which he openly supports George W. Bush, analysts said.	0
0	Number of asylum seekers drops in Britain, boosting Blair politics: report (AFP)  AFP - The number of people seeking asylum in Britain has reportedly fallen to levels last seen when Prime Minister Tony Blair took office in 1997.	3
0	Bush Comforts Hurricane Victims in Fla.  STUART, Fla. - President Bush threw his arm around Florida hurricane victims and offered them his sympathy Thursday as he visited a recovery center on the battered Treasure Coast...	0
0	Sudden change is inevitable  The death or long-term incapacitation of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat will be a turning point in Middle East history. It could suddenly remove an obstacle to peace or unleash a bloody power struggle among Palestinians factions.	2
0	Bush Talks About Troop Presence in Iraq (AP)  AP - President Bush says he doesn't envision a longtime presence of U.S. troops in Iraq similar to post-World War II deployments in Europe and South Korea that continue today.	0
0	Hamas #39; choice: Learn from Sharon #39;s politics or face the political <b>...</b>  As Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and the Palestinians alike are struggling with issues of political life and the forming of functioning governments, it is the former who may offer a lead to elements of the latter.	4
0	Bush, Kerry Shift Themes to Economy  ORLANDO, Fla. - President Bush and John Kerry, shifting away from the sharp debate over war and terrorism, return to bread-and-butter economic issues in campaign stops in two closely divided states...	0 1
1	Bush Urges World to Unite With Iraq  UNITED NATIONS Sept. 21, 2004 - President Bush, defending his decision to invade Iraq, urged a vast assembly of world leaders Tuesday to stand united with the country #39;s struggling government and said the 	0
0	Bush Asks Another  #36;691M in Hurricane Aid (AP)  AP - President Bush asked Congress Tuesday for an additional  #36;691 million to aid victims of hurricanes and other natural disasters as the election-year price tag for recent emergencies surged toward  #36;13 billion.	0
0	British interior minister steps down over  #39;nannygate #39; scandal  LONDON, Dec 15 (AFP) - British Home Secretary David Blunkett, one of Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s closest allies, resigned on Wednesday after admitting his office had fast-tracked a visa application for his ex-lover #39;s Filipina nanny.	3
1	Campaigning Kerry Pledges to Protect Veterans  Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry told fellow veterans on Wednesday that he would do a better job than President Bush at protecting America #39;s military men and women at home and abroad.	0 1
0	France says it has no intention of publishing Yasser Arafat #39;s <b>...</b>  Foreign Minister Michel Barnier indicated Tuesday that France has no intention of publishing Yasser Arafat #39;s medical records and will leave the decision up to his family.	2
1	EU to lift trade sanctions on US  The European Union (EU) said on Monday it would lift trade sanctions against the United States after President George W. Bush signed into law the bill repealing illegal export 	0
1	Payback time  Bush has identified a revision of the tax code and the partial privatization of Social Security as two of his highest priorities for his second term.	0
0	Kerry goes hunting for Ohio votes  John Kerry is to go hunting in Ohio on Thursday to win swing voters in a still close US presidential race.	1
1	Sharon angers settlers by refusing to negotiate  As some Palestinians returned to their Gaza homes to survey the damage after a deadly incursion, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon tried to win support for his withdrawal plan from angry Jewish settlers.	4
1	Sharon, Bolstered by Vote, Reaches Out to Labor Party  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon phoned the leader of the Labor Party, Shimon Peres, this morning and asked him to begin talks on forming a coalition government, Israel Radio reported.	4
1	Arafat Critically Ill, But Condition Not Deteriorating  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat remained critically ill and unconscious at a military hospital near here Friday, but hospital officials said his condition had not deteriorated.	2
0	Bush and Kerry Step Up Attacks in Swing States  Divisions have surfaced in the Kerry campaign over how best  and how far  they should go in taking on President Bush.	0
0	With Arafat #39;s passing, Israelis and Palestinians must advance <b>...</b>  15 November 2004 - Briefing the Security Council on the situation in the Middle East in the wake of the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, the senior United Nations envoy to the region urged both sides today to advance the peace process.	2
3	Bush Acknowledges  #39;Time of Change #39; for Workers  President Bush on Saturday acknowledged US manufacturing workers have seen a  quot;time of change quot; in the economy but said his private sector-based policies were the way to boost growth.	0
0	Watching Bush and Putin  THE 59th session of the UN General Assembly got underway in New York yesterday amid growing anxieties over grinding poverty faced by billions of souls and the fuel it provides for terrorism 	0
3	In Florida, Kerry Says  #39;American Dream Is on the Ballot #39;  Saying  quot;the American dream is on the ballot, quot; Senator John Kerry called President Bush out of touch and unconcerned with the plight of ordinary people, and vowed 	0 1
0	Israel Plans for Arafat Burial in Gaza (AP)  AP - Israel has drawn up preparations for Yasser Arafat to be buried in the Gaza Strip, outlining plans to let West Bank Palestinians cross through Israel for the funeral and allow enemy Arab leaders to attend, security officials said Sunday.	2
0	Match faith with deeds: Kerry turns the Scriptures on Bush (AFP)  AFP - Prodded by political logic, Democratic White House hope John Kerry is shedding an inbred reluctance to showcase his faith, and using scripture to malign President George W. Bush, a born-again Methodist.	0 1
1	Rumsfeld honeymoon is over  What happened to the honeymoon for Donald Rumsfeld? No sooner did President Bush ask the secretary of defense to stay on for a second term when, suddenly, Rumsfeld is the target of bipartisan criticism.	0
0	Bush Wins Iowa to Claim Last Three States (AP)  AP - President Bush won Iowa on Friday, finishing the 2004 campaign with wins in all three of the states that were still up in the air on election night.	0
0	Chirac: US does not repay favours  French President Jacques Chirac has said Tony Blair has got little in return for supporting the US over Iraq. Mr Chirac also told reporters it was difficult for the UK or anyone to be a go-between for Europe and the US.	3
1	Agenda for the next term  As George W. Bush heads into his second term Jan. 20, here are some issues and programs he #39;s expected to address: IRAQ AND TERRORISM: Bush intends to keep a US presence in Iraq until the country is stable and run by a democratically elected government.	0
1	Attacks sharpen as race winds down  With a week to go until the election, Democratic presidential nominee Sen. John Kerry accused President Bush yesterday of hiding embarrassments in Iraq 	0 1
0	Un-deciding disengagement  Knesset approval of Ariel Sharon #39;s disengagement plan was billed as a historic decision. It could also be a case of history repeating itself, writes Graham Usher.	4
0	Blair aims to clinch peace with Paisley  IAN Paisley is meeting Tony Blair today to discuss what appears to be the final obstacle to a peace deal for Northern Ireland and the restoration of devolved government - photographic proof that the IRA has destroyed all of its weapons.	3
0	Bush Signs Tax Bill in Swing State of Iowa  DES MOINES, Iowa - President Bush signed his fourth tax cut in four years on Monday, extending three tax breaks popular with middle-class voters and reviving other tax incentives for businesses.    Bush held the bill signing ceremony at a YMCA in Iowa, one of the most contested states in this year's presidential election with Democrat John Kerry and a state Bush lost by a razor-thin margin in 2000...	0
0	Arafat in Coma, Row Brews Over Burial Site   PARIS (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat lay in a coma "between life  and death" on Friday as a row brewed between Israelis and  Palestinians over a likely burial site.	2
0	Sharon Rebuffed by Party, as Arafat Admits Making Mistakes  AMALLAH, West Bank, Aug. 18 - The leaders of Israel and the Palestinians faced deep dissension in their constituencies on Wednesday, with Yasir Arafat making a rare admission of personal error to those seeking change, and Ariel Sharon ...	4
1	Bush Puts Social Security at Top of Economic Conference  President Bush opened a broad campaign for his economic agenda on Wednesday, calling for a reduction in  quot;frivolous lawsuits quot; while his economic team laid out the 	0
0	Bush Says Kerry Has 'Election Amnesia' (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush said Sen. John Kerry had "election amnesia" that caused him to shift his stance on Iraq, as the president sought to fire up his conservative base in the key battleground state of Florida on Saturday.	0 1
0	FEC Dismisses Mailing List Complaint (AP)  AP - A federal panel said Friday that a list of conservative activists given to President Bush's campaign appears to be an illegal corporate contribution, but the roster isn't valuable enough to warrant government action.	0
1	Arafat does have flu, confirm doctors from Tunisia and Egypt  Yasser Arafat, 75, has flu and is recuperating, said Ahmed Tibi, an Israeli MP who used to be Arafat #39;s adisor. He said Tunisian doctors visited him yesterday and confirmed the Egyptian doctors #39; diagnosis of flu - an acute viral infection.	2
0	Israel #39;s Gaza commander resigns  Brig Gen Shmuel Zakai is believed to have told reporters that Prime Minister Ariel Sharon ordered an operation in Gaza that the army thought unnecessary.	4
0	Kerry Will Begin Ad Blitz in Seven States  NEW YORK - John Kerry will begin his post-Labor Day advertizing blitz in seven states from New Hampshire to New Mexico, his political Ground Zero for a  $50 million campaign scheduled to expand into another 13 states by Nov. 2...	1
0	Blair government faces lawsuit over soldier's death in Iraq (AFP)  AFP - The mother of a 19-year-old Briton killed in a roadside blast in Iraq moved to sue Prime Minister Tony Blair's government for failing to care for its warzone soldiers, a report said.	3
0	Mr Palestine is dead  Throughout last week, the name of Yasser Arafat dominated the news of the world. Arafat was the 75-year-old Palestinian leader who had ruled 40 years.	2
1	Rice to Replace Powell as Secretary of State  National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice will replace Colin Powell as secretary of state, President George W. Bush announced today.	0
1	Clinton to Campaign with Kerry in Pennsylvania  Former President Bill Clinton, who is recovering from heart bypass surgery, will campaign with Democratic Sen. John Kerry next week in the critical battleground state of Pennsylvania.	1
1	President Bush Again Confuses IDs of Two Terrorists  President Bush might have been able to say it was simply a slip of the tongue when he confused two terrorists in a campaign speech Monday in New Hampshire. Trouble is, he's made the same misstatement at least 10 times before.	0
1	Kerry does  #39;The Daily Show #39;  After weeks of charge and countercharge in the presidential campaign, comedian Jon Stewart tried Tuesday to get to the bottom of the debate over Democrat John Kerry #39;s military service in Vietnam.	1
1	Bush Campaigns on Health, Kerry on Crime  President Bush campaigns for votes in the populous midwestern state of Michigan Monday where he is expected to talk about health care, while his opponent in the upcoming presidential election, Sen. John Kerry, speaks in Washington about crime.	0 1
1	Bush Says Kerry Tax Plan a Threat to Workers  President Bush, under election-year pressure on the economy, said on Sunday that Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry #39;s plan to raise taxes on the wealthy would hinder the creation of jobs.	0 1
1	Temporary outages hit RNC, Bush Web sites  NEW YORK - Web sites for President Bush #39;s campaign and the Republican National Committee had outages for several hours yesterday.	0
3	A Texan's Race for the House That Could Lead to the F.C.C.  A Republican running for Congress has received heavy donations from industry because of expectations over posts she may receive if she loses and President Bush wins.	0
0	Barghouthi pulls out of poll race  Imprisoned uprising leader Palestinian Marwan Barghouti pulled out of the race for presidential election to replace Yasser Arafat.	2
0	U.S. Intelligence Offers Gloomy Outlook for Iraq (Reuters)  Reuters - A U.S. intelligence report prepared for President Bush in July offered a gloomy outlook for Iraq through the end of 2005, with the worst scenario being a deterioration into civil war, government officials said on Thursday.	0
0	Residents agree there are no easy answers  The death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat early Thursday morning reignited the debate over the future of Israel and the Palestinians worldwide, but even locally residents admitted an answer remains elusive.	2
3	Economy steady but job growth moderate  Job creation improved in August, but employment is below 50-year average, giving fodder to Kerry and Bush. By Ron Scherer  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.	0 1
1	Hurricane Frances slams into Florida, Bush declares a  quot;major <b>...</b>  MIAMI : Hurricane Frances slammed onto south Florida #39;s east coast, downing power lines, uprooting trees and prompting US President George W. Bush to declare a  quot;major disaster quot; in the state.	0
0	Sharon, Arafat Defy Demands From Backers  JERUSALEM Aug. 19, 2004  Embattled leaders Ariel Sharon and Yasser Arafat rebuffed demands from their backers Thursday, holding steadfast to positions posing great political risk: Sharon insisted he will press on with efforts to pull out of Gaza ...	2 4
0	Milburn vow as reshuffle finished   Alan Milburn says he is in charge of Labour election planning, as Tony Blair completes his reshuffle.	3
0	S.Korea Asks Bush to Focus on N.Korea Nuclear Crisis   SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun  called newly re-elected President Bush and won his agreement  that ending the nuclear crisis involving the isolated communist  North should be a goal of his second term in office.	0
0	Edwards Warns Floridians of GOP 'Tricks' (AP)  AP - Sen. John Edwards, visiting the state that narrowly put President Bush in the White House in 2000 after a disputed recount and voting irregularities, issued a warning Saturday to Floridians about Republicans.	0
1	Early decisions may signal direction of Bush #39;s foreign policy  President Bush faces some unusually early foreign-policy decisions that will signal whether he #39;ll stick with the aggressive, go-it-alone approach that dominated his first term or soften its edges with diplomacy.	0
1	File-Sharers, the Eyes of Justice Are Upon You  President Bush likes to project the swashbuckling image, but this week it was the folks over at the Justice Department who formed the posse to go after the evildoers -- the ones on the Internet.	0
0	Bush Marks Patriot Day With Silent Honor  WASHINGTON - President Bush attended a prayer service and paid silent tribute at the White House in ceremonies Saturday marking the third anniversary of the Sept. 11 attacks...	0
0	Bush Asks Judge to Toss Ohio Election Suit (AP)  AP - President Bush's re-election campaign asked the chief justice of the Ohio Supreme Court on Monday to throw out a challenge of the election in this swing state, saying the case resembles "a poorly drafted script for a late night conspiracy-theory movie."	0
0	Groups Brace for Social Security Changes (AP)  AP - Officials representing business groups, financial service companies, banks and insurance firms are gearing up for a legislative fight over Social Security, telling White House officials Thursday they are solidly behind President Bush's desire to remake the retirement system next year.	0
1	Kerry: Americans #39; Safety at Stake in Election  Democratic challenger John Kerry said on Friday the safety of Americans was at stake in next week #39;s election and refused to let a new Osama bin Laden videotape overshadow his race with President Bush.	0 1
3	Asian stock markets cheer  quot;pro-business quot; Bush lead  SINGAPORE : Asian stocks rose Wednesday on indications that US President George W. Bush, whose trade and business policies are seen as more market friendly in the region, will be re-elected.	0
1	Sharon sets date for Gaza debate  Israel Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip will be put to parliament in two weeks. Speaking at the start of a new session of the Knesset, Mr Sharon told Israeli MPs that the plan would be debated on 25 October.	4
0	A Doctrine Under Pressure: Pre-emption Is Redefined  Under pressure to explain anew his decision to invade Iraq, President Bush appears to be quietly redefining his doctrine of pre-emptive military action.	0
0	Bush Lifts Libya Sanctions to Trigger Aid (AP)  AP - President Bush has decided to lift sanctions against Libya, which he expects to trigger release of more than  #36;1 billion to families of Pan Am 103 victims, a senior administration official said Sunday.	0
0	US Sees Chance of Peace Hinging on Arafat Successor   WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. officials hope Yasser Arafat's  death on Thursday will offer a new chance for Middle East peace  but said it depends on who replaces him, how much power they  wield and whether they have the legitimacy to strike a deal.	2
0	Mexico's Fox Says U.S. Migration Deal a Priority   MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexican President Vicente Fox said  on Monday he hoped President Bush's re-election meant a  bilateral accord on migration would be reached before his own  term runs out at the end of 2006.	0
1	Bush Pressuring GOP to Approve Intelligence Bill  President Bush sought to stem a near-rebellion by members of his own party in Congress yesterday by describing a sweeping intelligence-overhaul bill they oppose as an effort  quot;to do everything 	0
0	 #39;Road map #39; sponsors will send foreign ministers to West Bank next <b>...</b>  Sponsors of an internationally backed Middle East peace plan will send their foreign ministers to the region next week in hopes of restarting peace talks in the wake of Yasser Arafat #39;s death, Israeli and Palestinian officials said Thursday.	2
1	Bush says to expect lean domestic budget  WASHINGTON -- President Bush sought Americans #39; support yesterday for quick action on an economic agenda that would bring far-reaching changes to their lives.	0
3	Next Fed chief an open question  WASHINGTON -- As President Bush puts together his second-term Cabinet, the financial world's attention is on a job vacancy 14 months away. The question is who will succeed Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan, now in his 18th year in the job.	0
0	Sharon, Bolstered by Vote, Reaches Out to Labor Party  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon phoned the leader of the Labor Party, Shimon Peres, this morning and asked him to begin talks on forming a coalition government, Israel Radio reported.	4
0	Bush, Kerry brace for key presidential debate (AFP)  AFP - The US presidential candidates did some late cramming for their high-stakes televised debate, with George W. Bush seeking to lock in his lead in the polls and challenger John Kerry hoping to stage a comeback.	0 1
0	Israel Kills 14 in Gaza Before Key Withdrawal Vote  Israeli troops killed 14 Palestinians in a Gaza refugee camp Monday as parliament prepared, under tight security, to debate Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to withdraw from the occupied territory.	4
1	Bush to Declare Victory  President Bush scheduled a victory announcement in Washington this morning, with officials of his reelection campaign asserting that he has won at least 286 electoral votes -- 16 more than he 	0
0	Blair returns to Downing Street after heart trouble  HAMISH ROBERTSON: British Prime Minister Tony Blair has returned to Downing Street after undergoing hospital treatment for a heart ailment.	3
1	Blair appears to cringe at  #39;poodle #39; query  WASHINGTON -- It was the last question Prime Minister Tony Blair wanted asked, and he seemed to cringe as President Bush answered it.	0 3
0	Bush goal: Palestinian nation  President George W. Bush pledged Friday to spend some of the political capital from his re-election trying to secure a lasting Middle East peace, and he envisioned the establishment 	0
0	Arafat Eulogized as Keeper of Palestinian Dream  In the international online media, Yasser Arafat is receiving gentler treatment in death than he usually received in life. Arafat was a  quot;truly great leader, quot; said the Jakarta Post in Indonesia.	2
1	Palestinian aide: Arafat in coma  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat has been in a coma since Wednesday night in the intensive care unit at a military hospital in Paris, a senior Palestinian aide in the French capital told CNN.	2
3	Russia Assures Bush It Will Boost Oil Exports  President Bush on Monday received assurances from Russian President Vladimir Putin that his country would boost production and export of oil as prices hover near record levels.	0
0	Senate races tightest in fight to rule Capitol (Chicago Tribune)  Chicago Tribune - The Democratic contender for the U.S. Senate in Colorado favors the death penalty, opposes gun control and would have supported President Bush's decision to invade Iraq even if the White House had known no weapons of mass destruction would be found there.	0
1	Kerik is right for Homeland Security  Bernard Kerik, the former New York police comissioner nominated by President Bush to be secretary of Homeland Security, is well-equipped to muscle the massive new department into shape.	0
3	Russia Assures Bush It Will Boost Oil Exports  President Bush on Monday received assurances from Russian President Vladimir Putin that his country would boost production and export of oil as prices hover near record levels.	0
1	Bush Blames Defect for Flu Shot Shortage  President Bush smiles as he jabs at his Democratic opponent Sen. John Kerry, D-Mass., during a campaign speech Tuesday morning Oct. 19, 2004 at Al Lang Stadium in St.	0 1
0	Sharon approves 1,000 new houses in settlements despite road map #39; ban  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has approved the construction of 1,000 more homes in Jewish settlements in the West Bank, officials said Tuesday, violating a US-backed peace plan that calls for a building freeze. 	4
3	Bush administration takes emergency steps to avoid debt ceiling (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush's administration weathered a pre-election mauling as it announced emergency measures to skirt a 7.38-trillion-dollar debt limit.	0
1	Arafat #39;s condition deteriorating  Senior Palestinian officials, after consulting with doctors treating Yasser Arafat and visiting his hospital, said Tuesday his condition had deteriorated dramatically 	2
0	Japan vows to help with Iraq reconstruction; no word on troop plans (AFP)  AFP - Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi renewed support for the reconstruction of Iraq but made no commitment on future troop deployments in a meeting with US President George W. Bush.	0
0	Kerry Tries to Counter Impact of Criticism  WASHINGTON - Attacks on John Kerry's war record may be beginning to have an impact, polls suggest, amid raised voices and new TV ads on a subject at least temporarily dominating debate in the close presidential race.    Democrats are laboring to deflect the questioning of Kerry's record with fresh ads touting his fitness for national command, even as the White House mocks the Massachusetts senator as "losing his cool" over claims he lied to win military medals in Vietnam...	1
0	Bush Backs Budget Authority for New Intelligence Post  President Bush shifted his stance today on how much power a new national intelligence director should have.	0
0	Kerry Appeals to Haitian Immigrants in French (Reuters)  Reuters - Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry, condemned by some Republicans as "French looking," promised on Monday to help Haitian immigrants in Florida, saying: "Je vais aider les Haitiens."	1
0	Democrats Say Bush Lied on Guard Service  WASHINGTON - Democrats pounced on the latest revelations about President Bush's Air National Guard service Wednesday, saying newly released records show Bush shirked his duty and lied about it.    Bush's spokesmen said the records back up the president's assertion that he fulfilled all of his Vietnam-era military obligations and served honorably...	0
0	Howard puts his electoral faith in Australia #39;s trust  The Australian prime minister, John Howard, yesterday called a general election for October 9, beginning his campaign with the issue that sank Jos Mara Aznar in Spain and threatens the re-election of George Bush and Tony Blair.	3
0	General Who Supported Bush in New Kerry Ad (AP)  AP - A retired U.S. Air Force general who endorsed President Bush four years ago says in a new television ad by the Democratic Party that this year he will vote for John Kerry because the Democrat has "a real strategy to make America safer."	0 1
0	Palestinians consider life after Arafat  A decline in Yasser Arafat's health puts focus on future leadership.	2
0	Kerry Warns Draft Possible if Bush Wins  WASHINGTON - John Kerry said Friday there is a "great potential" for a new military draft to replace overextended U.S. troops in Iraq if President Bush wins a second term, despite Bush's repeated pledges to maintain the all-volunteer service...	0 1
1	Kerry Leads Bush 50 to 44 in Michigan, Gallup Poll Finds  Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry leads President George W. Bush by 6 percentage points among likely voters in Michigan, according to a Gallup poll conducted for Cable News Network and USA Today.	0 1
0	Bush to give major speech (AFP)  AFP - Concerns a loss of momentum after his debate with John Kerry, US President George W. Bush has abruptly scheduled a major speech for Wednesday in hopes of halting the erosion of his lead in the polls, The Washington Times reported.	0 1
1	Alexandra Pelosi Captures Campaign Process  NEW YORK Oct. 10, 2004 - From the moment she met John Kerry, filmmaker Alexandra Pelosi knew she wouldn #39;t be making  quot;Journeys with John.	1
0	Arafat is rushed to hospital near Paris for tests  Palestinians expressed sorrow and anxiety at the thought of a future without Yasser Arafat, wondering if his absence from the Palestinian territories would bring a bloody 	2
0	Sharon, Abbas tell Newsweek they may meet  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and Palestine Liberation Organization leader Mahmoud Abbas each told Newsweek in separate interviews published yesterday that they are prepared to meet each other.	4
0	Kerry Bashes Bush's Social Security Plan  ORLANDO, Fla. - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry on Wednesday called President Bush's proposal to privatize partially Social Security "a rip-off" that would create a windfall for financial and investment companies but end up cutting benefits for senior citizens...	0 1
1	Bush and Kerry battle over science  The leading international science journal Nature has focussed the US presidential election campaign on science by asking both President George Bush and Senator John Kerry for their views on the major issues.	0 1
0	Chance seen to pursue peace  PARIS -- He stood only 5 feet 2 inches but Yasser Arafat cast a long shadow on the world stage, and many leaders, diplomats, and analysts saw in his passing an opportunity to unlock the Israeli-Palestinian peace process.	2
0	With Polls Looming, Blair Set To Urge Labour Party To Look Beyond <b>...</b>  BRIGHTON, England (AFP) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair goes before his own Labour Party to encourage its rank and file to look beyond the Iraq war and aim for a third term in power in elections likely to be held next year.	3
0	Bush Snr Backs Call for Middle East Peace  Tony Blairs demand for President Bush to make peace in the Middle East a key priority of his second term has been heard loud and clear in Washington, George Bush senior said today.	0
0	Bush Denounces Ads by Outside Groups  CRAWFORD, Texas - President Bush denounced TV ads by outside groups attacking both John Kerry and himself on Monday and called for a halt to all such political efforts. "I think they're bad for the system," he said...	0 1
0	Sharon, Under Pressure, Snubs Gaza Referendum Call   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli leader Ariel Sharon rejected  calls from within his divided cabinet on Wednesday for a  referendum on leaving Gaza after winning parliament's support  to uproot settlements from land claimed by Palestinians.	4
0	Israel's FinMin Netanyahu Lifts Resignation Threat   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Finance Minister Benjamin  Netanyahu announced on Tuesday he was lifting his threat to  resign over Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's refusal to put a Gaza  pullout plan to a national referendum.	4
0	Bush to ask for help in Afghanistan and Iraq, sources say (Canadian Press)  Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - U.S. President George W. Bush will ask for Canadian help in Afghanistan and Iraq when he arrives on Parliament Hill on Tuesday and sources say he'll get it - eventually.	0
0	Edwards Says Bush Trying to Con Americans (AP)  AP - Answering President Bush's criticism of John Kerry, Sen. John Edwards said the president on Monday "made one last stand to con the American people" into believing he is the only one who can fight terrorism.	0 1
3	FACT CHECK  As they traded charges and countercharges on the economy, health care and other domestic issues, President Bush mischaracterized who received the tax cuts that have been the centerpiece 	0
0	Blair optimistic despite Ulster deadlock  The prime minister, Tony Blair, today told the Commons  quot;immense progress quot; had been made in the Northern Ireland peace process, despite the current deadlocked attempt to reach an agreement.	3
0	Blair under party #39;s Iraq spotlight  British Prime Minister Tony Blair is once again being dogged by events in Iraq as he faces the last conference of his Labour Party before next spring #39;s expected national elections.	3
0	Bush: Iraq Elections Must Take Place As Scheduled  consulting with Iraqi Interim President Ghazi al-Yawar and Jordan #39;s King Abdullah. President #39;s Bush #39;s message throughout 	0
1	Budget fight deals setback to Sharon  The government of Prime Minister Ariel Sharon was thrown into crisis last night after Israel #39;s parliament rejected the proposed 2005 budget and Sharon 	4
0	Bush campaign website takes a dive (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush's official re-election website was down and inaccessible for hours, in what campaign officials said could be the work of hackers.	0
0	Sharon Approves 1,000 Settlement Homes in W.Bank   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  has approved building tenders for 1,000 more homes in Jewish  settlements in the West Bank frozen earlier to avoid upsetting  the United States, political sources said on Tuesday.	4
0	Sharon #39;s dilemma  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon now finds himself in a difficult position following this week #39;s rejection by his own Likud party of his plan to bring the opposition Labour Party into the coalition government. Following ...	4
3	Oil surges as Bush nears win  SINGAPORE: Oil prices have spiked up above  $51 a barrel as increasing signs of an electoral victory for US President George W Bush raises the prospect of continued high demand in the world #39;s biggest energy consumer.	0
0	Bush gives hell to UN  NEW YORK -- US President George W. Bush yesterday scolded the United Nations for failing to join his crackdown on  quot;murderers.	0
0	Kerry, Bush Votes Could Affect State Races (AP)  AP - State Sen. Neil Schuerer is a small-town lawmaker not accustomed to rubbing shoulders with world leaders. But the Republican shared the stage with Dick Cheney during a recent campaign appearance in which he was given a few minutes to talk to the crowd before the start of the vice president's speech.	1
1	Bush Campaign Unleashes a New Assault on Kerry #39;s Health Care <b>...</b>  President Bush unleashed a new assault on Senator John Kerry #39;s health care proposals on Tuesday, signaling one of his main lines of attack when the two candidates 	0 1
0	Blair Heart Op Went Well, Says Brown  Prime Minister Tony Blair was recovering in hospital tonight after undergoing treatment for a recurring heart condition. Chancellor Gordon Brown said the 	3
0	Bush Tries to Help U.S. Firms Invest in Libya   WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Bush administration has asked  Congress to quickly lift a ban on U.S. Export-Import Bank loans  in Libya and said "timing is critical" to help American  companies invest in the oil-rich country, according to a letter  released on Tuesday.	0
0	British PM Rebuilds Cabinet After Key Ally Resigns   LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair was  forced to reshuffle his government ahead of a looming general  election after the resignation of senior minister David  Blunkett, who headed Britain's anti-terrorism campaign.	3
1	Bush Said to Be  #39;Fit for Duty #39; After Exam  President Bush was declared  quot;fit for duty quot; on Saturday by a team of doctors who gave him his annual physical exam. Bush, 58, visited the National Naval Medical Center in the Washington 	0
0	Brown and Bush set for clash over debt relief  George Bush and Gordon Brown are heading for a dramatic showdown at the G7 summit in Washington this week over plans to write off developing countries #39; debt.	0
0	House OKs Bill on 9/11 Recommendations  WASHINGTON - House Republican leaders on Friday easily pushed through sweeping new law enforcement powers as part of a Sept. 11 anti-terrorism package, but the House now must negotiate a truce with the Senate on those measures to get President Bush's signature before the elections...	0
0	Kerry Accuses Bush of Mismanaging Iraq War  WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. - Democrat John Kerry said Monday that President Bush sent troops into war without necessary equipment and accused the commander in chief of "arrogant boasting that he's done everything right in Iraq."  "Mr...	0 1
0	Bush Signs Bill to Keep Government Going  President Bush on Sunday signed a stopgap spending bill that keeps the government running while Congress sorts out remaining issues related to a more permanent federal spending package.	0
1	Blair hits the phones to quell talk of splits  Tony Blair has telephoned the editors of several national newspapers from Chequers to try to calm the furore over the battle for the succession.	3
0	We Have To Talk  It is hard to overstate the sense of shock across much of Europe at the popular mandate that Americans have given George W. Bush, even if the result itself was no great surprise.	0
3	Job Growth Expected to Show Bounce-Back   WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. employment likely bounced back  in August after disappointing gains in June and July, analysts  said on Wednesday, offering some consolation to President Bush  ahead of the November election.	0
1	TV Networks Break Rules for Bush-Kerry Debate   LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - U.S. television networks refused to  play by rules restricting camera angles and reaction shots  during the presidential debate and that may have given a boost  to John Kerry, analysts said on Friday.	1
1	US Presidential Candidates Spar Over Jobs  President Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry squared off over the economy Saturday in their parties #39; weekly radio addresses.	0 1
1	Bush, Kerry hit political battlegrounds  The presidential candidates are hitting big political battlegrounds again today, with President Bush on his second bus trip in Florida in four days and John Kerry visiting three contested states.	0 1
0	Blair to push for Mid East peace  BRITISH Prime Minster Tony Blair called for new efforts to revive the Middle East peace process today after the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat and just hours before he sets off to visit US President George W. Bush.	0 2 3
0	Isolated Sharon attempts to win over a party bitterly divided by <b>...</b>  In a speech continually interrupted by extreme right-wing hecklers, Ariel Sharon said yesterday that as a minister and a soldier who had fought in every Israeli war he had never taken a more difficult decision.	4
1	Battle rages on airwave war  Sen. John F. Kerry related, bio today plans to accuse Republicans of repeatedly using the tactics of fear and smear #39; #39; against opponents of President Bush related, bio, even 	0
0	Smooth Arafat transition could fuel hope for peace  For those who remember Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat primarily as a merciless terrorist leader who encouraged violent attacks against Israel, his death at age 75 will prompt no tears -- and may inspire a few cheers.	2
1	Bush Calls Canada  #39;an Honoured Ally #39;  George W. Bush wraps up his first official visit to an  quot;old friend quot; later this morning in Halifax. The US President and Prime Minister Paul Martin will fly to Atlantic Canada this morning, where Bush will give a 30-minute speech to Canadians.	0
0	US disagrees with settlement expansion  Bush administration officials said yesterday that the United States and Israel disagree over a key clause in last year #39;s  quot;road map quot; peace plan  an Israeli pledge to freeze Jewish settlements in the West Bank. 	0
1	Bush, Kerry clash sharply over Iraq  CORAL GABLES, Fla. - Sen. John Kerry, lagging in the polls, took the offensive Thursday against President Bush over foreign policy and the war on terror, accusing Bush of  quot;a colossal error of judgment quot; in 	0 1
0	Kerry Hints GOP May Suppress Black Votes  WASHINGTON - John Kerry suggested Saturday night that Republicans may try to keep black voters from casting their ballots to help President Bush win in November.   "We are not going to stand by and allow another million African American votes to go uncounted in this election," the Democratic presidential nominee told the Congressional Black Caucus...	0 1
0	CBS Producer on Thin Ice After Guard Story  NEW YORK - The fallout from CBS's doomed story about President Bush's National Guard service most endangers a woman few viewers know but who played a key role in two of the biggest television stories of the year.    Mary Mapes, a veteran producer at CBS News, reported most of the National Guard story, including obtaining the documents CBS now says it can't authenticate...	0
0	Some GOP Gay Rights Backers Torn Over Bush (AP)  AP - On the eve of the Republican convention, some GOP gay rights supporters frustrated by their party platform's hardline stance against same-sex unions say they are torn over whether to back President Bush in this fall's election.	0
0	Kerry Hints GOP May Suppress Black Votes (AP)  AP - John Kerry suggested Saturday night that Republicans may try to keep black voters from casting their ballots to help President Bush win in November.	0 1
1	Bush Rejects Bin Laden Tape, Hits Kerry  President Bush vowed on Friday the United States will not be intimidated by a pre-election warning from Osama Bin Laden and called Democrat John Kerry  quot;shameful quot; for 	0 1
1	Bush re-elected  TDN- If the people of NATO countries had voted in the presidential elections of the only superpower in the world, John Kerry would have probably been elected as US president.	1
0	Bush Mixing Diplomacy and Campaigning (AP)  AP - President Bush, straddling the worlds of diplomacy and re-election politics, is getting in another meeting with a foreign leader before hitting the road to Pennsylvania, a state at the top of his campaign wish list.	0
1	Swift Boat Commander Backs Kerry on Attacks Over Vietnam Record  A commander of a Navy boat alongside John Kerry in Vietnam broke a 35-year silence and defended the Democratic presidential nominee #39;s war record against attacks by other veterans.	1
1	Howard puts his electoral faith in Australia #39;s trust  The Australian prime minister, John Howard, yesterday called a general election for October 9, beginning his campaign with the issue that sank Jos Mara Aznar in Spain and threatens the re-election of George Bush and Tony Blair.	3
0	Israel eases travel restrictions  THE Israeli army has lifted some of the travel restrictions imposed on residents of West Bank towns for the funeral of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat.	2
1	Crawford, Texas Editor Defends Endorsing Kerry  The editor of the Crawford, Texas, weekly that bills itself as President Bush's hometown newspaper says he has no regrets about endorsing Bush's Democratic opponent John Kerry, even after a dozen business pulled their advertising from the publication.	0 1
1	Bush Nominates New US Health Chief  Environmental Protection Agency Secretary Michael Leavitt is President Bush #39;s choice to replace Tommy Thompson as the new US Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS).	0
0	Israel Cabinet Agrees to Free Jailed Palestinians   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's cabinet agreed on Sunday to  free dozens of Palestinian prisoners in a move meant to show  goodwill ahead of elections to replace Yasser Arafat, officials  said.	2
1	Abbas Escapes Gaza Shooting Unharmed  Bodyguards take away Mahmoud Abbas, former Palestinian Prime Minister and the successor of Yasser Arafat as PLO chief, after gunfire erupted at the tent set up for mourners to gather in memory of Arafat in Gaza city Sunday Nov. 14, 2004.	2
0	Roots of terrorism  #39;ignored #39;  LONDON: Pakistan #39;s President Pervez Musharraf, in London for talks yesterday with British Prime Minister Tony Blair, said the world is  quot;absolutely quot; less safe because it is failing to tackle the core causes of terrorism.	3
1	Bush, Kerry react strongly to bin Laden video tape  Both US President George W. Bush and Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry reacted strongly to a new video tape by Osama bin Laden on Friday and vowed to hunt down the terrorists.	0 1
0	Arafat Buried in Chaotic Scenes in West Bank   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat was buried on  Friday in chaotic scenes of grief and gunfire at the compound  where he spent his final years encircled by the Israeli army  and powerless to realize his dream of a Palestinian state.	2
0	Debates Over, Campaigns Turn to Turnout (AP)  AP - With the televised debates behind them, President Bush and Sen. John Kerry have little opportunity to shape further the presidential race except by waging an intense effort in the home stretch aimed at getting out the vote.	0 1
0	Bush #39;s Speech at UN Targets US Voters, World Opinion  US President George W. Bush, trying to soften his image overseas as a heavy-handed unilateralist, is using his annual address to the United Nations to offer up a brighter vision 	0
0	British troops in Iraq head north on risky mission (AFP)  AFP - A battle group of British troops rolled out of southern Iraq on a US-requested mission to deadlier areas near Baghdad, in a major political gamble for British Prime Minister Tony Blair.	3
1	Stand Up to Putin  Vladimir Putin, the aspiring dictator of Russia, has forced President Bush to reveal how committed he really is to the cause of democracy around the world.	0
0	Palestinian leadership hinges on Arafat fortune: Israel  Israeli Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom says any debate among Palestinians as to who will lead in the absence of the ailing Yasser Arafat is related to Mr Arafat #39;s personal fortune.	2
1	Sharon emerges victorious after internal opposition  Jerusalem: Despite several defeats on the battlefield, Ariel Sharon, the former general turned Israeli prime minister, has finally won the war to implement his Gaza pullout plan after neutralising his internal enemies.	4
0	Protesters twice disrupt Blair #39;s speech at Labor #39;s conference  Protesters have twice disrupted British Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s speech at his ruling Labor #39;s annual conference in Brighton, southern England, as thousands of pro-hunt campaigners 	3
1	Arafat #39;s funeral marked by gunfire, tears  Tens of thousands of mourners, some of them spraying automatic rifle fire into the air, swept aside more than 1,000 Palestinian security personnel as well as the Palestinian Authority #39;s meticulous plans for a somber funeral ceremony as they bade farewell 	2
1	Ghandi #39;s grandson visits Yasser Arafat  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, left, stands with Arun Ghandi, the grandson of Mohandas Ghandhi, at Arafat #39;s compound in Ramallah, the West Bank, on Thursday.	2
0	Bush, Kerry Slam Failures of Leadership (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush and Democratic Sen. John Kerry accused each other on Wednesday of fundamental failures of leadership and vision in Iraq and the war on terror, and claimed the world would be more dangerous with their opponent in the White House.	0 1
1	Kerry Makes Iraq The Issue  By Dick Meyer. By Dotty Lynch. By Tom Fenton. John Kerry attempted to refocus the election as a referendum on President Bushs mismanagement of the war in Iraq on Monday, in his most detailed address yet on national security.	1
1	Bush to revive intelligence reform bill  President George W. Bush has said he will work to revive a stalled intelligence reform bill that Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld helped block, according to top US lawmakers.	0
0	Focus: How to save our Tony from sartorial death by Burberry  We probably have the infernal Carole Caplin to thank for Tony Blair #39;s latest fashion faux pas in Italy last week. As the guest of Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi at his private villa 	3
1	Rumors reveal voter paranoia  WASHINGTON -- The Democrats are planning to truck in loads of Mexicans to vote for Sen. John Kerry in New Mexico. In Cincinnati, the police are arresting young black men so they won #39;t be around to vote for Kerry on Election Day.	1
0	Israel to offer intelligence, humanitarian aid to Russia  JERUSALEM : Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon was expected to offer intelligence and humanitarian assistance to Russia after the Beslan hostage tragedy in talks with visiting Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov.	4
0	Arafat illness spurs struggle for influence   PARIS -- As he lay in a French military hospital fighting for his life early today, Yasser Arafat was at the center of a struggle over who would replace him as Palestinian leader and a controversy over his longtime desire to be buried in Jerusalem.	2
0	Cleric Rushes to See Arafat; Burial Plans Proceed   PARIS (Reuters) - A top Muslim cleric rushed to Yasser  Arafat's hospital bedside on Wednesday, insisting the veteran  Palestinian leader was still alive even as aides arranged for  his burial and prepared for a transfer of power.	2
3	Senate Approves  $143B Corporate Tax Measure  The move sends President Bush a 650-page measure that reduces taxes for domestic manufacturers, builders and even Hollywood studios and doles out scores of tax breaks for interests groups.	0
0	Thousands Hit NYC Streets; Cheney Arrives  NEW YORK - Tens of thousands of demonstrators marched past the Madison Square Garden site of the Republican National Convention on Sunday, chanting, blowing whistles and carrying anti-war banners as delegates gathered to nominate President Bush for a second term.    On the eve of the convention, the demonstrators packed the street from sidewalk to sidewalk for 20 blocks as they slowly filed past...	0
1	No retreat on Iraq, Bush tells the UN  WASHINGTON Under continuing fire for his Iraq policies, President George W. Bush defended his approach Tuesday in firm and unapologetic tones, telling international dignitaries at the United Nations that the proper response to difficulty is not to 	0
1	Let Israel, Palestine find their own peace  If Yasser Arafat #39;s death does improve the prospects of peace between Israel and the Palestinians, here #39;s what the United States should do about it: Nothing.	2
1	Bush Names Counsel Gonzales First Hispanic Attorney General  President George W. Bush named White House counsel Alberto Gonzales as the first Hispanic US attorney general, elevating his top lawyer to help lead the nation #39;s war on terrorism.	0
1	Palestinians, Israelis meet to plan for Arafat #39;s absence  Senior Palestinian and Israeli leaders held separate meetings Sunday to plan a path forward in the absence of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, who was being examined in a French hospital for an unknown ailment.	2
0	World leaders mourn death of Arafat  World leaders on Thursday expressed their condolences over the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, who died earlier in the day at a French military hospital outside Paris 	2
0	Kerry Says Bush Is Arrogant and Failed on Iraq (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush arrogantly ignored the advice of his top generals about the need for more equipment to fight the war in Iraq, Democrat John Kerry said on Monday.	0 1
1	Bush, Kerry hit the campaign trail after hard-fought debate  WASHINGTON : US President George W. Bush and Democratic rival John Kerry hit the campaign trail running, courting voters in battleground states after their hard-fought second debate left the race for the White House in a dead heat.	0 1
0	U.S. Military Deaths in Iraq Pass 1,000  BAGHDAD, Iraq - A spate of attacks including a suicide car bombing pushed the number of U.S. military deaths in the Iraq campaign past 1,000, with the majority inflicted by an insurgency that bloomed after President Bush declared major combat over...	0
0	Ohio Still Counting Provisional Ballots (AP)  AP - Thanks to John Kerry's concession speech, Ohio's election workers don't exactly have the eyes of the nation upon them, but their job of checking and counting the state's provisional ballots is as difficult and time-consuming as ever.	1
0	Confusion Over Arafat, Palestinians Prepare Burial (Reuters)  Reuters - Palestinians looked to their leadership to lift confusion over Yasser Arafat's fate in a French hospital on Wednesday as preparations gathered pace to bury the icon of the fight for a state. Arafat, 75, suffered a brain hemorrhage on Tuesday at the hospital where he was flown from the West Bank on Oct. 29 and had lain in a coma. Officials insisted in public that he was alive, though aides said privately that he was dead.	2
0	Cheney tempers criticism of Kerry  Dick Cheney backs away from comments that warned of another terror attack if John Kerry is elected president.	1
1	Palestinian prime minister says cause of Arafat #39;s death will be <b>...</b>  The Palestinian prime minister promised Friday to make public the cause of Yasser Arafat #39;s death, as Palestinian leaders dispatched an emissary to Paris to pick up his medical records.	2
0	No Sign of Deal on Bill Overhauling Intelligence  Democrats urged President Bush to press conservative Republican congressmen to drop their opposition to legislation overhauling the intelligence system.	0
0	Wavering Voters Anti-Iraq, Wary of Kerry  WASHINGTON - In an election where most voters have already chosen sides, the presidency could be decided by a small slice of America in the mushy middle - wavering voters who are more likely than others to question President Bush's honesty and think the war in Iraq was a mistake.    An Associated Press study of 1,329 "persuadable" voters, conducted by Knowledge Networks in advance of the presidential debates, suggests these people are deeply conflicted about change in the White House...	0
1	SHORT LIST OF REPLACEMENTS  December 12, 2004 -- President Bush #39;s pick of Bernard Kerik for homeland security chief was unconventional - a street-smart top cop who dropped out of high school -nd no one like him appears to be on the short list of replacements.	0
0	Israel plans for Arafat burial  The Israeli government has made plans for Yasser Arafat to be buried in the Gaza Strip, against the ailing leader #39;s reported wish for a grave in Jerusalem.	2
0	What The New Court Will Look Like (BusinessWeek Online)  BusinessWeek Online - With barely a pause for breath after his hard-fought Election Day victory, President George W. Bush is gearing up for his next big campaign: The fight for the future of the Supreme Court. In his second term, Bush could have the chance to replace as many as four of the nine justices on the nation's highest bench, including the ailing Chief Justice, William H. Rehnquist. No President since Richard M. Nixon has appointed four justices, and, like his, Bush's choices will shape the law and life of the nation for generations.	0
0	Bush Warns Syria, Iran Against Meddling in Iraq (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush Wednesday warned Iran and Syria not to meddle in Iraq ahead of elections scheduled for January 30 and voiced new hopes of forging peace between Israel and the Palestinians.	0
1	Card Will Stay On as Chief of Staff  The White House said Monday that President Bush had asked his chief of staff, Andrew H. Card Jr., to stay on in Mr. Bush #39;s second term and that Mr.	0
0	Bush Lauds Economy in Battleground States  NASHUA, N.H. - President Bush boasted Monday of unemployment "dropping every second" in New Hampshire, the lone Northeastern state he won in 2000 and one where an awakening economy could help him in November...	0
0	Poll: Campaigns Must Maintain Intensity  WASHINGTON - Voters are so deadlocked on their choice for president that the campaigns will need to focus on keeping the intensity of support high and turning them out on Election Day, according to pollsters who conducted a bipartisan survey.    The overall race between Democrat John Kerry and President Bush, a Republican, remains deadlocked...	0 1
1	Bush Selects a New Secretary of Energy  President Bush filled one of the last openings in his second-term cabinet on Friday by naming Samuel W. Bodman, the deputy treasury secretary and a former executive 	0
1	Kidnapped CARE Chief Implores Blair Not to Deploy Troops to <b>...</b>  Kidnapped British aid worker Margaret Hassan has made a tearful appeal to British Prime Minister Tony Blair to withdraw his country #39;s troops from Iraq and save her life.	3
0	Bush Sends Intelligence Bill to Congress (AP)  AP - President Bush presented Congress on Thursday with legislation to create a strong national intelligence director with authority to control the nonmilitary portions of the nation's intelligence budget.	0
0	Militant Chief Wounded in Israeli Strike in Gaza (Reuters)  Reuters - A militant leader survived an Israeli missile strike on his car in Gaza on Thursday in Israel's first assassination attempt in the Palestinian territories since Yasser Arafat died in a Paris hospital.	2
0	Israel Hunts for Militants After Twin Bus Bombings   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  ordered the army to hunt down Palestinian militants after 16  people were killed in back-to-back suicide bombings by the  militant Islamic Hamas group.	4
0	Arafat in intensive care  PARIS: Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is in a coma in critical condition, a senior Palestinian official says. Arafat has been in intensive care in a French military hospital outside Paris since Wednesday afternoon.	2
1	Shame on the Swift Boat Veterans for Bush  I came to know Lt. John Kerry during the spring of 1969. He and his swift boat crew assisted in inserting our Special Forces team and our Chinese Nung soldiers into operational sites in the Cau Mau Peninsula of South Vietnam.	1
1	Shadowy, Independent Political Groups Get Revenge  Sen. John Kerry and his campaign have spent much of the last week accusing President Bush #39;s campaign of illegally coordinating with a third-party group that has been running 	0 1
1	After 40 visits, Bush still courts Pennsylvania  If President Bush is to carry Pennsylvania on Nov. 2, it will take the help of the thousands of true believers who filled Hersheypark Stadium on a wet, chilly afternoon yesterday.	0
0	Abbas is Fatah candidate for Palestinian presidential polls  Jerusalem: The Fatah Party has approved the candidature of reformist leader Mahmoud Abbas for Palestinian presidential elections to choose a successor to Yasser Arafat amid expectations that jailed uprising leader Marwan Barghouti may enter the fray as an 	2
3	Update 5: Tokyo Stocks Up on Bush Re-Election  Tokyo stocks closed moderately higher Thursday as investors welcomed US President George W. Bush #39;s re-election to a second four-year term.	0
0	Arafat #39;s nephew to view medical file  Yasser Arafat #39;s nephew, who is the Palestinian representative to the United Nations, will arrive in Paris Friday to review Arafat #39;s medical file, Palestinian officials said Thursday.	2
0	Blair has successful heart operation  LONDON - British Prime Minister Tony Blair said he was  quot;absolutely fine quot; following an operation Friday to correct an irregular heartbeat.	3
0	Sharon Insists Gaza Pullout Will Go Ahead (AP)  AP - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said he will submit his Gaza withdrawal plan for parliamentary approval by early November, despite mounting opposition to his proposal to uproot thousands of Jewish settlers from their homes.	4
1	Globe is downplaying doubts about National Guard papers  AFTER READING the article about President Bush #39;s speech to members of the National Guard ( quot;As questions about his service persist, Bush addresses Guard, quot; Page A14, Sept.	0
0	Bush puts squeeze on UN #39;s Annan  The suggestion by Republican Senator Norman Coleman that United Nations #39; Secretary-General Kofi Annan should resign because of the UN #39;s oil-for-food scandal fits somewhere on the scale in between the absurd and the vicious.	0
1	Israeli cabinet approves compensation for Gaza settlers  TEL AVIV: The Israeli cabinet approved Sunday a bill to compensate settlers who are to be uprooted from their homes under Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Gaza pullout plan, an Israeli radio reported.	4
0	Blair takes first chance to press case for Middle East  THE re-election of President Bush was marked last night by Tony Blair as he made his strongest demand for action to revive the Middle East peace process.	0 3
1	Will Packers Help Kerry For President?  FORT WORTH, Texas -- If history and supersititons are replayed, John Kerry can thank the Green Bay Packers. During the past 17 presidential elections, the outcome of the most recent Washington Redskins home 	1
0	Democratic Leader Ready to Work With Bush (AP)  AP - Days after her party lost congressional seats and the White House race, California Rep. Nancy Pelosi struck a conciliatory tone, saying House Democrats "stand ready to work with" President Bush in his second term.	0
1	9:35 am: Kerry, Bush prepare for this week #39;s presidential debate  President George W. Bush #39;s campaign, setting the stage for the first presidential debate later this week on foreign policy, rolled out a new television ad Monday highlighting Democratic Sen.	0 1
0	PM goes in for heart op buoyed by poll win  PRIME Minister Tony Blair went into hospital for heart treatment today buoyed by a Labour victory in the Hartlepool by-election. The Prime Minister told well-wishers that he was  quot;fine quot; as he left Downing Street 	3
0	Sharon Abandons Mideast Peace 'Road Map'  Israel will not follow the U.S.-backed "road map" peace plan and could remain in much of the West Bank for an extended period after it withdraws from the Gaza Strip, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said in a newspaper interview published Wednesday.	4
0	Sharon Invites Labour to Join Coalition  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon asked the dovish Labour Party to join his ruling coalition today, a move that greatly bolsters his chances for carrying out plans to withdraw from the Gaza Strip next year.	4
1	October is unkind to Bush  Troubling headlines, coupled with his opponent, Sen. John Kerry, performing well in the first two debates with Bush, may have turned a Bush advantage of mid-September into an October clinch.	0 1
1	Divided Electorate Expresses Anxiety and Concern  The nation is girding for tomorrow #39;s presidential election, worried about the integrity of the voting system, divided over the legitimacy of President Bush #39;s election four 	0
1	Bush Says World Is Watching Ukraine #39;s Election Dispute  President Bush on Friday used his first comments about the disputed presidential election in Ukraine to warn authorities that the world is watching, but he struck a 	0
0	Israeli Parliament Backs Sharon Gaza Pullout Plan   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's parliament ratified Prime  Minister Ariel Sharon's Gaza withdrawal plan on Tuesday, a  pivotal step toward the first evacuation of settlers from  occupied territory Palestinians want for a state.	4
3	Bush signs  $136b tax relief bill  President George W. Bush signed a  $136 billion corporate tax relief bill yesterday that could provide substantial savings for some of Massachusetts' biggest manufacturers, life sciences companies, and even some fishermen.	0
1	Bush, Cheney attack on Kerry remarks on reducing terrorism  US President George W. Bush andVice President Dick Cheney on Monday hammered away at a statement Senator John Kerry made that he will reduce terrorism to a level where it #39;s not the focus of people #39;s lives.	0 1
0	Edwards: Democrats Target Bush Criticism (AP)  AP - The Democrats are trying to target their criticism of President Bush in a way that shows voters they've been hurt by administration policies on the economy and Iraq, vice presidential candidate John Edwards said in an Associated Press interview Friday.	0
0	Democrats Urge Kerry to Turn Up Intensity of Campaign  Leading Democrats have urged John Kerry's aides to concentrate on challenging President Bush on domestic issues.	0 1
0	Arab world mourns a defender of right  HERO or villain, statesman or terrorist - Yasser Arafat proved as divisive in death as he was in life. Leaders around the world yesterday saluted his devotion to the Palestinian cause, but George Bush said 	2
0	Domestic Issues on The Front Burner  President Bush has turned his attention to domestic policy, seeking to leave historic stamps on the graduated tax code, the health care system and Social Security, all hallmarks of Democratic rule.	0
0	Sugar Beet Farmers Think Twice About Bush (AP)  AP - Sugar beet farmers in a rural Minnesota district that turned out solidly for President Bush in 2000 are having second thoughts about his re-election now that the administration is supporting a trade agreement they see as a threat.	0
3	UPDATE 4-Oil eases in post-US election lull  Oil prices eased on Thursday, trimming gains from a  $1 rally the previous day following President George W. Bush #39;s US.election victory.	0
0	All Political Roads Lead to Florida's I-4 Corridor (Reuters)  Reuters - Every day, an army of campaigners fans out across central Florida's "I-4 corridor" in search of suburban moms, transplanted Puerto Ricans, teenagers and any other potential voter wavering between John Kerry and George W. Bush.	0 1
0	Bush Says Iran Must Verify It Won #39;t Seek Nuclear Arms (Update1)  President George W. Bush said Iran must prove that it won #39;t seek a nuclear weapon after the Tehran government said it suspended enrichment of uranium.	0
0	CBS Says Was Misled About Bush Documents  NEW YORK - CBS apologized Monday and said it was misled about the authenticity of documents used to support a "60 Minutes" story that questioned President Bush's Vietnam War-era National Guard service, after several experts denounced them as fakes.   "We should not have used them," CBS News President Andrew Heyward said...	0
1	Bush overcomes Osama for Turner Prize  London: An exhibit featuring a film about US President George W Bush #39;s home town in Texas won the Turner Prize on Monday, Britain #39;s most prestigious art award, pipping other entries, including a recreation of Osama Bin Laden #39;s house as a video game.	0
1	Edwards #39; Table Manners  CLEVELANDDemocrats who wanted John Kerry to select John Edwards as his running mate always cited the 90 minutes that will come Tuesday night as one of the most important reasons.	1
0	Cause of Arafat #39;s death uncertain, nephew says  PARIS Yasser Arafat #39;s death remained a mystery Monday when his nephew said he could not rule out that the Palestinian leader had been poisoned.	2
0	Poll: Presidential Race Movement Limited  WASHINGTON - Voters are so deadlocked on their choice for president that the campaigns will need to focus on keeping the intensity of support high and turning them out on Election Day, according to pollsters who conducted a bipartisan survey.    The overall race between Democrat John Kerry and President Bush, a Republican, remains deadlocked...	0 1
0	Bashir blames Bush, Howard for charges  A DEFIANT Abu Bakar Bashir yesterday blamed US President George W. Bush and his Australian  quot;slave quot;, Prime Minister John Howard, for charges he faces over Indonesia #39;s deadly Bali and Marriott bombings.	0
1	Bush, Kerry duel over state of American healthcare  Downingtown, Pa. - President Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry shifted back to domestic issues on Thursday, sparring long distance over the state of healthcare in America and their competing plans to reform it.	0 1
1	Bush, Kerry start final week of campaign  Democrat John Kerry is appealing to voters Tuesday to elect a president - namely, him -ho will  quot;trust you with the truth, quot; and quickened the pace of a campaign now in its final week.	1
0	Arafat  #39;never closer #39; to expulsion: Israel  JERUSALEM: Yasser Arafat #39;s expulsion from his West Bank headquarters has  quot;never been closer quot;, Israeli Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom has said.	2
0	U.S. Servicemen React to Bush Guard Memos (AP)  AP - Some current and retired members of the National Guard and other military services say they aren't bothered by newly revealed memos that indicate President Bush got preferential treatment in the Air National Guard during the Vietnam War, while others say they are troubling.	0
0	Blair, in Sudan, Urges a Broad Peace Agreement  Prime Minister Tony Blair of Britain warned Sudan on Wednesday that the international community would not rest until violence was ended in Western Darfur and a comprehensive 	3
3	Make inheritance tax fairer, urges thinktank  Tony Blair and Gordon Brown will today be urged to risk the wrath of wealthier voters by reforming the tax laws on inheritance so as to close loopholes on gifts that allow the better-off to escape the Treasury #39;s grip.	3
0	Brother says mystery shrouds Arafats death  The family of late Palestinian president Yasser Arafat, who died in Paris last week, has decided to postpone demanding his medical records from the French authorities and 	2
1	Bush camp hits back after Kerry wipes out poll lead  Rattled by the poor performance of George W Bush in the first US presidential debate, top Republicans yesterday attacked his Democratic rival, claiming that John Kerry would give 	1
1	Veteran backs Kerry on Vietnam  A VIETNAM veteran who took part in the mission that led to John Kerry being awarded a Silver Star has broken a 35-year silence to attack critics of the Democrat #39;s war record.	1
0	Sharon Faces Pro-Settler Wrath Over Gaza Pullout   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon,  unmoved by tens of thousands of people rallying against his  Gaza pullout plan, faced a vote Monday by a traditional  political ally over whether to desert his minority government.	4
3	Bush vows to cut deficit  President Bush pledged yesterday to work with Congress to reduce the government #39;s huge budget deficit as a key step in assuring the world that his administration supports a strong dollar.	0
1	Debates for Dummies  In what some political insiders are calling an attempt to lower expectations in the days leading up to the first presidential debate, the White House today announced that President George W. Bush has an IQ of 67.	0
3	Bush shields shrimp industry  The Bush administration yesterday said Chinese and Vietnamese shrimp are sold at unfairly low prices in the United States, siding with US fishermen as they try to fend off overseas competition.	0
0	Blair spokesman denies snap election report  Downing Street has brushed aside reports that British Prime Minister Tony Blair has ordered a snap general election for February. The BBC reported Sunday a spokesman for Blair 	3
0	Palestinians Flying to Arafat's Side (AP)  AP - With Yasser Arafat fighting for his life in a French hospital, his top lieutenants will fly to Paris for consultations with his doctors, a senior official said Sunday, as Palestinian leaders worked to set up contingency plans in the event of the 75-year-old leader's death.	2
1	 #39;Four more Bush cabinet members to leave #39;  Washington: The White House will announce the resignations of four members of US President George W. Bush #39;s Cabinet late on Monday, said spokesman Scott McClellan, who declined to say who would be leaving.	0
0	Arafat Seriously Ill but in Stable Condition  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat was said to be seriously ill but in stable condition Thursday as a team of international doctors prepared to move him to a Ramallah hospital from the battered headquarters compound where he has been confined for more than two years.	2
1	Kerry, Bush Campaign Now in Final Week  Democratic presidential candidate Sen. John Kerry addresses a crowd of supporters during a campaign rally in Green Bay, Wis., Monday night, Oct. 25, 2004.	1
0	Clinton to Campaign with Kerry in Pennsylvania (Reuters)  Reuters - Former President Bill Clinton, who is recovering from heart bypass surgery, will campaign with Democratic Sen. John Kerry next week in the critical battleground state of Pennsylvania.	1
1	Clinton joins Kerry in Philly -- gets a rousing reception  Philadelphia -- They arrived by bus from inner city neighborhoods, by train from the suburbs, by foot from the soaring office buildings in the city #39;s business district.	1
0	Blair aiming to heal party wounds  Prime Minister Tony Blair will urge Labour to unite behind a radical third term agenda as he bids to heal party wounds over Iraq. The premier will be speaking after sustaining an expected defeat from conference delegates over rail re-nationalisation.	3
3	Congress extends President #39;s tax cuts  The House and Senate last night overwhelmingly voted to extend three tax cuts aimed at the middle class along with a bevy of business-tax breaks, sending President Bush a 	0
0	Bush, Kerry Looking for Edge in Final Debate  President Bush and Sen. John Kerry are likely to reach into their arsenals of statistics to bolster arguments about economic and domestic issues during the final presidential debate Wednesday night.	0 1
1	Kerry: Bush will privatize social security  Sen. John Kerry cited a report Sunday that claims President George Bush would seek to privatize Social Security in a second administration.	0 1
0	Kerry Hints GOP May Suppress Black Votes  WASHINGTON - John Kerry suggested Saturday night that Republicans may try to keep black voters from casting their ballots to help President Bush win in November.   "We are not going to stand by and allow another million African American votes to go uncounted in this election," the Democratic presidential nominee told the Congressional Black Caucus...	0 1
0	Cheney Unleashes Stinging Attack on Kerry (AP)  AP - Vice President Dick Cheney unleashed a stinging attack on Sen. John Kerry Wednesday night, ridiculing him as a politician who has made a career out of changing his mind. "More wrong, more weak and more wobbly than any other national figure," agreed Sen. Zell Miller, a Democratic keynoter at the Republican National Convention.	1
0	Bush Tries to Help Break N.Irish Peace Deadlock (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush tried to help break a deadlock in the Northern Ireland peace process on Friday, telephoning Protestant leader Ian Paisley as negotiations ground on in London and Belfast.	0
1	Kerry #39;s Poll Position The campaign argues that he #39;s not really <b>...</b>  PALM BEACH, Fla.John Kerry #39;s campaign professes to be unconcerned about the multiple national polls that have shown a small but discernible downward movement for the Democratic nominee since the third presidential debate.	1
1	House passes intelligence changes; Senate OK likely today  In a decisive victory for President Bush and a bittersweet triumph for the families of Sept. 11 victims, the House of Representatives on Tuesday approved a sweeping overhaul of the nations intelligence agencies.	0
0	Bush calls out the wolves on Kerry (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush derided his rival John Kerry as clueless in the fight against terror and drove the point home in a powerful commercial featuring a pack of wolves ready to pounce.	0 1
0	Abbas Calls on Palestinians to Drop Armed Struggle   GAZA (Reuters) - Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas called on  Tuesday for his people to pursue negotiations instead of  violence in the struggle for a state, marking out a change of  strategy for peace with Israel after Yasser Arafat's death.	2
1	Israel OKs burying Arafat in Gaza  CLAMART, FRANCE - When Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat dies, he can be buried in the Gaza Strip, Israel has decided. Israeli Defence Minister Shaul Mofax briefed the cabinet on Sunday about security preparations for the Arafat #39;s funeral.	2
0	Arafats demand medical records  THE nephew of late Palestinian President Yasser Arafat will request from France the medical records documenting the cause of the leader #39;s death, a senior Palestinian official said today.	2
0	Bush Immigration Plan Meets GOP Opposition (washingtonpost.com)  washingtonpost.com - President Bush's plan to liberalize the nation's immigration laws to allow millions of undocumented workers the opportunity for legal status appears to be on a collision course with newly aroused sentiment among House Republicans pushing for a crackdown on illegal immigration.	0
2	Redskins defeat spurs Kerry hopes for victory  While the official result of the US election won #39;t be known until Tuesday night, at the earliest, John Kerry #39;s campaign may already feel they know the result, thanks to a weekend football game.	1
0	Kerry Is Widely Favored Abroad  From Canada to Mexico, from London and Paris to Jakarta and Beijing, President Bush is widely unpopular as a candidate for reelection, according to surveys and interviews conducted in 20 countries.	0 1
1	Voting Nirvana (E! Online)  E! Online - John Kerry has a way of bringing people together--at least   alt-rock gods, anyway.	1
0	Israel allows Arafat to leave his compound for medical treatment  Israel gave Yasser Arafat permission Monday to briefly leave his compound to receive medical treatment in the West Bank city of Ramallah, heightening concerns the Palestinian leader is seriously ill.	2
3	Lawmakers agree to new ban on Internet taxes  WASHINGTON, Nov 19 (AFP) - The House of Representatives on Friday approved a ban on taxing Internet access and online sales, which US President George W. Bush is expected to sign, a sponsor of the bill said.	0
1	UK PM To Undergo Heart Surgery  London, Oct. 1 (NNN): British Prime Minister Tony Blair on Friday will undergo a minor surgery to correct heart palpitations but will be fully functioning and back at work next week, according to officials here.	3
0	Mexico Looking for U.S. Migration Accord (AP)  AP - Mexico is holding out hope that Latin America will get more attention during President Bush's second term and obtain changes in what a senior Cabinet minister calls "absurd" U.S. immigration policies.	0
0	Arafat #39;s Health Record Submitted to Palestinian Authority  The health records of Yasser Arafat, who died at Percy Military hospital near Paris last month, have been submitted to Palestinian authorities.	2
1	Kerry #39;s gay ploy backfires  The third Bush-Kerry debate may not change the outcome of the presidential election in November. But it may well be remembered as a milestone in the struggle for gay equality and acceptance.	1
0	Rove the Republican 'brain' earns Democrat fear and loathing (AFP)  AFP - Karl Rove, the Republican most feared by Democrats and the reputed mastermind of President George W. Bush's election success, is the subject of a new film which depicts him as a modern-day Machiavelli.	0
0	Guard Supervisor Wrote to Bush's Father  WASHINGTON - The latest records to surface from President Bush's service in the Texas Air National Guard show that one commander took an unusual interest in the congressman's son during his basic training.    The officer in charge of the unit where Bush took his basic training wrote to then-Rep...	0
0	Police Defuse Bomb in Italy After Blair's Visit (Reuters)  Reuters - Italian police defused a bomb early on Wednesday morning near the Sardinian holiday villa of Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi just hours after a visit by British Premier Tony Blair.	3
0	Bush says he will work with allies  President Bush told a Thursday news conference he would continue to lead the United States in promoting freedom and democracy in the Middle East.	0
1	Bush urges world support for Iraq  NEW YORK - US President George W. Bush yesterday exhorted world leaders to support Iraq as it attempts the transition to democracy.	0
1	Graphic Designer Fired After Heckling Bush  MARTINSBURG, W.Va. - A man who heckled President Bush at a political rally was fired from his job at an advertising and design company...	0
1	Sharon allows Arafat to be flown abroad for treatment  JERUSALEM -- Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon spoke with his Palestinian counterpart today and agreed in principle to permit the ailing Yasser Arafat to be flown abroad for medical treatment, an Israeli official said.	2 4
1	Arafat #39;s Health Reported to Have Turned Sharply Worse  Yasir Arafat #39;s uncertain health took a sharp turn for the worse on Wednesday night with an ambulance and medical teams summoned to his West Bank compound amid unconfirmed 	2
1	Ridge Resigns as Homeland Security Chief  Description: Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge resigns, a move that was not unexpected. At least seven of President Bush #39;s Cabinet officials will have announced their departure for the second term, with the possibility of more to come.	0
1	Israel holds out prospect of Gaza coordination  Palestinian officials said might visit the West Bank next week for the first time since 2003. White House, with President George W. Bush hosting Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon nine times in the Oval Office.	0 4
0	Palestinian officials say Arafat #39;s condition has deteriorated <b>...</b>  Yasser Arafat #39;s condition has deteriorated significantly over the past day, and doctors treating him at a Paris hospital remain unsure what has caused the 75-year-old Palestinian leader #39;s illness, Palestinian officials said early Thursday.	2
0	Missing Weapons Become Focus of Race  Democratic nominee John F. Kerry accused President Bush of evading responsibility, and Bush said Kerry was making unsubstantiated charges.	0 1
0	Ex-Guardsman: I Contacted Kerry Campaign  AUSTIN, Texas - A retired Texas National Guard official mentioned as a possible source for disputed documents about President Bush's service in the Guard said he passed along information to a former senator working with John Kerry's campaign.    Also, a White House official said Saturday that Bush has reviewed disputed documents that purport to show he refused orders to take a physical examination in 1972 and did not recall having seen them previously...	0 1
1	Second American hostage murder claimed as Bush appeals for help in <b>...</b>  BAGHDAD : A group linked to suspected Al-Qaeda operative Abu Mussab al-Zarqawi claimed to have beheaded a second US hostage in Iraq, as US President George W. Bush defended the war in Iraq and asked for more foreign help in the country.	0
0	Arafat's navy without a sea  Existence of the Palestinian Naval Police represents the struggle over PA security forces.	2
0	Edwards Criticizes Bush, Cheney With Smile (AP)  AP - Democratic vice presidential candidate John Edwards has sharpened his criticism of President Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney over the past week, but his style has remained the same. He couches his criticism with charm.	0
3	Chinese leader wants stable climate for yuan reform  SANTIAGO : Chinese President Hu Jintao, meeting US leader George W. Bush during an Asia-Pacific summit, said he plans to loosen the yuan #39;s decade-old peg to the dollar, but only under the right conditions.	0
1	Debate Blueprint  The candidates #39; standings in trust to handle various issues lay out a blueprint of sorts for the debate. The economy is one clear battlefield: While Kerry has a five-point lead in trust to handle job creation 	1
1	Sharon appears to have majority for parliament vote on Gaza <b>...</b>  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has locked up enough support to win a scheduled parliamentary vote on his Gaza withdrawal plan, but is deeply concerned about growing fissures within the ruling Likud Party, aides said Thursday.	4
1	Yasser Arafat in deeper coma  PARIS: Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is gravely ill but alive and there is no question of switching off life-support equipment, Foreign Minister Nabil Shaath said on Tuesday, dismissing reports of his death.	2
1	Israeli Forces Won #39;t Evacuate Gaza Under Fire, #39; Sharon Says  Israeli military forces must act to prevent terrorism in the Gaza Strip so a withdrawal from the Palestinian territory doesn #39;t take place under fire, #39; #39; Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said.	4
0	Sharon vows to pursue Gaza offensive  JEBALIYA REFUGEE CAMP, Gaza Strip - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon vowed on Sunday to expand a huge offensive into Gaza that has killed 50 Palestinians until militants stop firing rockets into Israel.	4
1	Bush Campaign Says Bremer Didn #39;t Agree with Commanders on Troop <b>...</b>  The Bush campaign is conceding that President Bush #39;s top civilian official in Iraq didn #39;t agree with military commanders there, when it came to the question of how many US troops were needed.	0
1	Bush Gets Back in Gear  The President lifted his game, and challenger Kerry, despite some fudges and fuzziness, also scored points. The series is tied 1-1.	0 1
0	Baffled in Loss, Democrats Seek Road Forward  Democrats said President Bush's defeat of Senator John Kerry by three million votes left the party facing its most difficult time in at least 20 years.	0 1
1	Bush Says Kerry Misleads Americans  American President George W Bush has accused rival John Kerry of misleading Americans, trying to turn the tables on the Democrat who argues that the commander in chief has not been candid with the nation about Iraq and the economy.	0 1
1	OUR OPINION: The beginning of the trend?  A Los Angeles Times poll out Thursday revealed just why John Kerry and the Democratic National Committee has called on George W. Bush to demand that the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth ads, which raise questions about the Democratic presidential candidate #39;s 	0 1
1	Britain #39;s Blair prepares to face party  With his fate tied to the chaos in Iraq, Prime Minister Tony Blair faces his ruling Labour Party next week, hoping to calm anger over the war and shore up his government ahead of national elections.	3
1	Sharon presents plan for Gaza withdrawal  Speaking to members of his Likud party, a determined Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon presented a timetable Tuesday for legislation that would lead to the withdrawal of the country #39;s troops and settlers from Gaza.	4
0	Arafats widow obtains his medical files  Yasser Arafat #39;s widow, Suha, received copies of the medical files of her late husband on Friday, but she hasnt decided yet on whether to release the information publicly or not, her lawyer said.	2
0	Dems Face Policy Battle Without Matsui (AP)  AP - Stunned by the death of California Rep. Bob Matsui, Democrats head into the biggest legislative battle of President Bush's second term without their top Social Security expert.	0
0	Kerry: Allawi Abets Bush in Putting on 'Best Face' (Reuters)  Reuters - Democratic White House challenger John Kerry said on Thursday interim Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi had abetted President Bush in putting the "best face" on an Iraq policy in disarray.	0 1
0	New Senate Dems Leader Seeks Cooperation (AP)  AP - Newly elected Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid prodded President Bush and Republicans on Tuesday to join him in working across party lines over the next two years and said, "I would always rather dance than fight."	0
0	UK Conservatives Set Out Strategy Amid Poll Blues   BOURNEMOUTH, England (Reuters) - Britain's struggling  Conservative Party began to showcase its strategy for unseating  Tony Blair on Monday, just days after the prime minister shook  up the political landscape by setting a date for his exit.	3
1	3 ghosts of Bush #39;s recent past  The East Room is the largest in the White House, and it serves as a stage for some of the mansion #39;s most scripted events: diplomatic receptions, state funerals, prime-time news conferences.	0
0	Rice to Move From Behind the Scenes to Stage Front  President Bush is expected to nominate Condoleezza Rice as secretary of state today at 12:30 p.m. ET.	0
0	Hatred and hope in Israel  For most Israelis, Yasser Arafat's death opens up new hope for an end to the violence.	2
1	Kerry wins key media backing  JOHN Kerry has secured the endorsement of the US #39;s most influential newspaper, The New York Times, as the US presidential election campaign enters its final two weeks with the candidates neck and neck.	1
0	Ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat to be flown to Paris for treatment (Canadian Press)  Canadian Press - RAMALLAH, West Bank (AP) - Ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat will be flown to Paris for treatment, doctors said Thursday.	2
1	Bush criticizes anti-Kerry ad  The president calls it and other independent ads bad for the system, but Democrats say it #39;s too little, too late. WASHINGTON - President Bush on Monday criticized a commercial that accused John Kerry of inflating 	0 1
0	Bush seeks help on Korea stand-off  SANTIAGO: US President George W Bush sought help yesterday from Chinese President Hu Jintao and other key allies at an Asia-Pacific summit on getting North Korea to return to stalled talks over its nuclear weapons programme.	0
0	Israel drops threat to limit Muslims at shrine  JERUSALEM -- Israel will not limit the number of Muslim worshipers at a hotly disputed Jerusalem site during the holy month of Ramadan, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon decided yesterday, backing away from a threat to restrict access.	4
0	Notes, Quotes From 2004 Campaign in Maine (AP)  AP - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry could end up dividing Maine's four electoral votes.	0 1
0	Democrats go on attack as surging crude prices raise profile of energy crunch in US (AFP)  AFP - Democrats charged on the offensive as crude oil futures soared over 50 dollars a barrel handing White House hopeful John Kerry what experts said was a chance to sell consumers on his energy policy in the tight US presidential race.	1
0	Sharon Says Gaza Pullout Still Planned (AP)  AP - Settler leaders turned up the rhetoric Friday against Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, calling his plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip and a small part of the West Bank a "Nazi act" and warning it could lead to civil war.	4
0	Palestinian MPs Walk Out to Press Arafat on Reform   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - The Palestinian parliament  suspended work Wednesday to press President Yasser Arafat into  ratifying an anti-corruption reform package and get a grip on  spiraling unrest and disorder.	2
0	Bush Issues Thanksgiving Proclamation (AP)  AP - President Bush on Thursday said Thanksgiving is a day when Americans are grateful for their families and friends, the many gifts of America and freedom.	0
1	John Kerry for President  Senator John Kerry goes toward the election with a base that is built more on opposition to George W. Bush than loyalty to his own candidacy.	0 1
0	Blair pledges over Bigley captors  Tony Blair says the government would respond "immediately" if Ken Bigley's captors make contact.	3
1	Final campaign day for Bush, Kerry  President Bush and Sen. John Kerry will spend the last day of the campaign before the presidential election visiting states that could be the keys to their success or failure.	0 1
1	Obsessed with his own survival, Arafat couldn #39;t deliver his people <b>...</b>  In a milieu where assassination is the normal vehicle for succession and alliances shift as rapidly as sand grains in the tidal zone, Arafat remained the premier spokesman for the Palestinian people for 35 years and died in bed at age 75.	2
1	Sharon presents timetable for pullout  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on Tuesday presented a detailed timetable for his planned pullout of troops and settlers from the Gaza Strip to his Likud party.	4
1	Bush #39;s mission not accomplished  US President George Bush #39;s proclamation last year that the mission in Iraq was accomplished has drawn criticism from Democratic challenger, Sen. John Kerry.	1
0	Israel: Arafat #39;s Days Are Numbered  Meanwhile, seven Palestinians were killed and 27 wounded in clashes with Israeli troops in the West Bank and Gaza Strip, and dozens of prominent Israeli hardliners called on Israeli troops to disobey orders and refuse to remove settlers from Gaza and the 	2
0	PALESTINIANS HOLD TALKS  PALESTINIAN Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia visited the Gaza Strip yesterday for talks with rival groups aimed at preserving calm in the absence of Mr Yasser Arafat.	2
1	Bush visiting wounded troops  President George W. Bush is paying a bedside visit to soldiers wounded in Iraq as American forces fight fierce battles in Fallujah to seize insurgent strongholds from Sunni militants.	0
1	Blair Heart Op Went Well, Says Brown  Prime Minister Tony Blair was recovering in hospital tonight after undergoing treatment for a recurring heart condition. Chancellor Gordon Brown said the 	3
0	Abbas says intifada was mistake  Mahmoud Abbas, the Palestinian leader campaigning to succeed Yasser Arafat in elections next month, said the four-year-old armed uprising against Israel was a mistake and must end.	2
1	Bush Ties Attack in Saudi Arabia to Iraqi Elections  President Bush tied yesterday #39;s deadly assault on a US consulate in Saudi Arabia to the upcoming elections in neighboring Iraq, depicting it as part of a broader campaign by Islamic extremists to drive Americans out of the Middle East.	0
1	Sharon set to end 15-month boycott of Palestinian leadership  JERUSALEM (AFP) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon was set to end his 15-month boycott of the Palestinian leadership after expressing a willingness to meet new PLO chief and presidential favourite Mahmud Abbas.	4
0	A debate that avoided answering the vital questions on Iraq  At least it was a wartime debate last Thursday night between President George W. Bush and John Kerry. But it didn #39;t provide much clarity about what either candidate would do as a wartime 	0 1
1	Palestinians rap Arafat #39;s wife  Anxious Palestinians turned their anger on Yasser Arafat #39;s wife, Suha, after she made an emotional outburst early yesterday, accusing her of keeping information about the health 	2
0	Bush, Kerry Clash on Iraq in Labor Day Rallies (Reuters)  Reuters - Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry launched one of his harshest broadsides against the Iraq war on Monday, sparking an angry response from President Bush, as the war overshadowed their attempts to focus on the economy.	0 1
1	Redskins #39; loss may be Kerry #39;s gain  John Kerry supporters got a welcome omen Sunday in the Green Bay Packers #39; 28-14 win over the Washington Redskins. According to NFL and political lore, if the Redskins win the last home game before Election 	1
0	Blair in Hospital for Heart Op  By James Lyons, John Deane and John-Paul Ford Rojas, PA News. Prime Minister Tony Blair was being treated in hospital for a recurring heart condition today.	3
0	Sharon will press ahead with disengagement plan  Despite opposition from settlers and his own Likud party, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is determined to press ahead with his disengagement plan, says Daniel Ayalon, Israel #39;s ambassador to the United States.	4
0	Howard #39;s double victory sends cheer to Bush and Blair  An Australian government is close to having complete legislative control for the first time in nearly three decades today, after voters delivered a positive verdict on John Howard #39;s support for the war in Iraq.	0
0	Powell Wins Israeli Vow to Ensure Palestinian Vote   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Reviving a long-dormant U.S.  peacemaking role, Secretary of State Colin Powell won an  Israeli pledge on Monday to allow Palestinians freedom of  movement to enable them to hold an election for Yasser Arafat's  successor.	2
3	Crude Oil Little Changed After Yesterday #39;s Election-Led Rally  Crude oil was little changed after rallying more than 2 percent yesterday when US President George W. Bush #39;s re-election signaled the government probably will continue its policy of buying oil for a national reserve.	0
0	Likud to Labor: Remember, the goal is retreat  Likud Party negotiators acting on behalf of Prime Minister Ariel Sharon expressed frustration Wednesday over stalled coalition talks with Labor, urging the 	4
0	Bush stands up for strong dollar  President George W Bush reaffirms his commitment to a strong US dollar and pledges to halve the budget deficit.	0
0	Arafat health drama: a symbol of Israels imprisonment of the <b>...</b>  The serious deterioration in the health of Yasser Arafat, President of the Palestinian National Authority, has brought to the attention of the world something consciously concealed by the western 	2
0	UN, Blair Issue Warnings Over Violence in Sudan (Reuters)  Reuters - British Prime Minister Tony Blair warned Sudan on Wednesday violence must end in Darfur and the United Nations said it might not be able to cope if conditions there fail to improve.	3
1	Bush says that if Kerry  #39;had his way, #39; Saddam would still be in <b>...</b>  In a harsh new attack on rival John Kerry, President Bush said Friday that if the Democratic presidential candidate  quot;had his way, quot; Saddam Hussein #39;s regime would be running Iraq and threatening the safety of other nations.	0 1
1	Brother of British hostage in Iraq slams PM Blair  LONDON : The brother of Kenneth Bigley, a British engineer held hostage in Iraq for 12 days, slammed Prime Minister Tony Blair as a weak politician who did not have sufficient credibility to negotiate properly.	3
0	China Lays Into  #39;Bush Doctrine #39; Ahead of US Poll  On the eve of the US election, China laid into what it called the  quot;Bush doctrine, quot; said the Iraq war has destroyed the global anti-terror coalition and blamed arrogance for the problems dogging the United States worldwide.	0
0	Israeli Lawmakers Start New Session (AP)  AP - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, who has alienated his right-wing Likud party with plans to withdraw from Gaza, begins a new legislative session fighting for his government's survival.	4
0	Bush Hopes Allawi Can Reassure U.S. Voters  WASHINGTON - Iraq's visiting prime minister, Ayad Allawi, says he shares a hopeful view with President Bush that things are getting better in Allawi's tumultuous nation, a conviction the president is putting on full display to persuade doubting U.S. voters...	0
0	For Arafat, His Life Personified His Dream  For virtually his entire adult life, Yasser Arafat had one dream, and he pursued it with such energy and zeal -- some would say fanaticism -- that he came to personify the dream itself.	2
1	Kerry Improves Chances with Help of Former Presidents  With only one week left until the US presidential elections, former Democratic presidents Bill Clinton and Jimmy Carter are joining the campaign trail in support of this year #39;s Democratic candidate, Senator John F. Kerry.	1
1	Canada can #39;t cover US flu-vaccine needs  While President Bush promised Americans that Canadian help was on the way to deal with the US flu-vaccine shortage, US health officials say that #39;s unlikely.	0
1	Bush heralds intelligence reform  President Bush said Saturday his newly enacted changes in the nation #39;s intelligence community will  quot;improve America #39;s ability to find, track and stop dangerous terrorists 	0
1	Expanding Halliburton probe confirms Bush administration is most <b>...</b>  On the eve of the 2004 presidential election, allegations about the corrupt relationship between the Bush administration and Halliburton Corp.	0
1	As US Debt Ceiling Is Reached, Bush Administration Seeks to Raise <b>...</b>  Less than a day after President Bush implied that Senator John Kerry lacked  quot;fiscal sanity, quot; the Bush administration said on Thursday that the federal government 	0
0	Bush Says Importing Drugs Makes Sense (AP)  AP - President Bush said Wednesday that pressure is building in Congress to allow lower-priced drugs to be imported from Canada and elsewhere but that it's still unclear whether it would be safe.	0
1	Police, Gun Control Advocates Express Concern Over Lack of US <b>...</b>  Monday at midnight, a decade-long federal ban against the sale of certain semi-automatic assault weapons will expire. That is, if Congress doesn #39;t present a bill for President Bush to sign authorizing an extension of the law.	0
1	Annan Faults Bush Over Iraq War  UN Secretary General Kofi Annan took on Tuesday, September 21, a fresh, though an implicit, jab at US President George W. Bush in a clear sign that world opinion was still far from making peace with the war in Iraq.	0
0	Blair and Chirac pledge unity  Tony Blair and Jacques Chirac today promised to work together on restoring stability in the Middle East while drawing a line under their past differences over the war in Iraq.	3
1	Militant rivals show unity behind Arafat, call for united <b>...</b>  BEIRUT, Lebanon The militant group Hamas is calling for unity among Palestinian leaders and says it #39;s setting aside differences with an ailing Yasser Arafat.	2
0	After Arafat  In his press conference last Thursday, President Bush said people who don #39;t believe in the applicability of democracy to the Arab world cannot really believe in a two-state solution to the Palestinian conflict with Israel.	0 2
1	NYPD Commissioner Picked for Homeland Post  Description: NPR #39;s Mike Pesca talks with NPR #39;s Alex Chadwick about President Bush #39;s nomination of former New York Police Commissioner Bernard Kerik to be the new head of the Department of Homeland Security.	0
1	Arafat okay say Tunisian doctors  RAMALLAH: A team of Tunisian doctors said yesterday that Yasser Arafat is  quot;OK quot; after examining the Palestinian leader. The doctors examined Arafat, whom aides said is recovering from the flu, at his headquarters in the West Bank town of Ramallah.	2
0	Israeli cabinet to decide on Sharon plan  Israel #39;s cabinet will today decide on a bill that would set out how to implement prime minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to withdraw Israeli settlers from the Gaza Strip.	4
0	Sick Arafat Leaves for Treatment in Paris  RAMALLAH, West Bank - Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat left the West Bank early Friday in a Jordanian military helicopter on his way to receive treatment in Paris for an ailment that has left him haggard and weak.	2
0	Mass. Republicans Eye Kerry's Senate Seat (AP)  AP - Massachusetts Republicans, while supportive of President Bush's re-election, are mindful of the opportunity created should John Kerry beat him in November's election: the state's first Senate vacancy in two decades and a chance to break the Democratic monopoly on its 12-member delegation in Congress.	0 1
1	Bush: World watching Ukraine  #39;very carefully #39;  As officials meet in Ukraine to hammer out a solution to what opposition leaders say was a fraudulent election, the  quot;world is  quot;watching very carefully, quot; President Bush said Friday.	0
0	Bush, Kerry Sharpen Attacks Over Iraq  ALLENTOWN, Pa. - President Bush and Democratic Sen...	0
1	Bush and Kerry Step Up Fight Over US Security  President Bush and Democratic Sen. John Kerry stepped up a fierce campaign fight over US security on Friday, with Kerry accusing Bush of irresponsible 	0 1
3	A Clash of Goals in Bush's Efforts on the Income Tax  President Bush has vowed to lead a bipartisan effort to overhaul the personal income tax and make it "simpler, fairer and pro-growth."	0
0	Peres demands early Israeli elections  Israel #39;s opposition leader, Shimon Peres, today called for early elections that would effectively rule his party out of joining a coalition to prop up the prime minister, Ariel Sharon.	4
1	Kerry hits domestic issues;  DAYTON, Ohio - Sen. John Kerry, after hammering President Bush over terrorist Osama bin Laden, returned to domestic issues Sunday, criticizing cuts in after-school programs, health care coverage and jobs lost in the last four years.	0 1
1	Likely Voters Narrowly Prefer Bush to Pick Justices  Likely voters narrowly prefer President Bush over Democratic nominee John F. Kerry to make appointments to the US Supreme Court, according to the latest Washington Post tracking poll.	0
1	Terrorists hope to defeat Bush through Iraq violence  Leaders and supporters of the anti-US insurgency say their attacks in recent weeks have a clear objective: The greater the violence, the greater the chances that President Bush 	0
1	Bush, Kerry clash over Iraq in first debate  President Bush and Sen. John Kerry clashed at length over the war in Iraq Thursday night with Bush maintaining that Iraq is an integral battleground 	0 1
0	Bush Criticizes Kerry on Health Care  DOWNINGTOWN, Pa. (AP) -- President Bush criticized Sen. John Kerry's plans for health care and medical liability reform on Thursday, saying the result would be even higher costs and more federal involvement.	0 1
0	Sharon to let Arafat return  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said yesterday that he would never let Yasser Arafat be buried in Jerusalem but would honor a commitment to allow him to return to the West Bank when he finishes medical treatment in France.	2 4
1	Bush, Kerry Spar Over Missing Explosives  President Bush addresses supporters during a rally at the Silverdome in Pontiac, Mich., Wednesday, Oct. 27, 2004. (AP Photo/Carlos Osorio).	0
0	Bush defends action against Iraq  President Bush backs his policy on Iraq, despite confirmation that Saddam Hussein did not have WMD.	0
0	Israel kills key Hamas bomb maker in air strike  Israel has killed the top bomb maker of the Hamas Islamic militant group in a Gaza Strip air strike, days before a key parliamentary vote on Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to quit the occupied territory.	4
1	Clinton makes campaign appearance for Kerry  Bill Clinton says it #39;s the kind of reception that does his heart good. He was welcomed by an enthusiastic crowd to an outdoor rally for John Kerry in Philadelphia today -- Clinton #39;s first 	1
0	Bush Cabinet Quote Box (AP)  AP - Reactions Tuesday to the resignations of Attorney General John Ashcroft and Commerce Secretary Don Evans:	0
0	Blair Appears to Cringe at 'Poodle' Query (AP)  AP - It was the last question Prime Minister Tony Blair wanted asked, and he seemed to cringe as President Bush answered it.	0 3
0	Taxi chase foils West Bank bomb plot  Israeli security forces say they have thwarted a suicide bombing planned by the armed offshoot of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s political movement.	2
1	End of the Fted Arafat!   quot;Yasser Arafat, who died at the age of 75, in France on Thursday, was the standard-bearer of Palestinian nationalism for nearly half-a-century who could not see his dream of an independent state of Palestine become a reality.	2
1	Networks to Ignore Debate Camera Rules (AP)  AP - With the first presidential debate Thursday, television networks plan to ignore an attempt by the Bush and Kerry campaigns to stage-manage the event by dictating which camera shots they can or cannot use.	1
0	Israel Plans to Bury Arafat in Gaza Strip (AP)  AP - Defense Minister Shaul Mofaz told the Israeli Cabinet on Sunday that security officials have completed preparations for Yasser Arafat to be buried in the Gaza Strip, meeting participants said.	2
3	Behind Candidates #39; Domestic Plans, an Ideological Gulf  On social and economic policy, President Bush and Senator John Kerry present a philosophical contrast that is one of the starkest in modern presidential campaigns.	0 1
0	Bush signs law pushing human rights, humanitarian aid in North Korea (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush signed a law to promote human rights in nuclear-armed North Korea and provide humanitarian aid to citizens and refugees of the Stalinist state, as well as making them eligible for asylum in the United States.	0
3	EU Lifts Sanctions After U.S. Signs Bill   BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union will suspend  sanctions on  $4 billion worth of U.S. goods, the bloc's  executive said Monday, three days after President Bush signed a  bill repealing illegal export tax subsidies.	0
0	Kerry: Bush Lets Groups Do 'Dirty Work'  BOSTON - John Kerry fought back Thursday against campaign allegations that he exaggerated his combat record in Vietnam, accusing President Bush of using a Republican front group "to do his dirty work" and challenging Bush to debate their wartime service records.   "Well, if he wants to have a debate about our service in Vietnam, here is my answer: Bring it on," said the Democratic presidential candidate, reviving an old war and campaign slogan amid strong urging from party leaders for him to respond to two-week-old GOP assertions...	0 1
0	Israel fumes at Straw #39;s floral tribute to Arafat  British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw laid a wreath at the grave of Yasser Arafat in Ramallah on Thursday, initiating a new diplomatic rite certain to vex many Israelis.	2
3	Bush supports strong US dollar  US President George W Bush #39;s administration supported a  quot;strong (US) dollar quot; while trusting the market to set its value, Treasury Department spokesman Tony Fratto said today.	0
1	Kerry Talks Economics in Rural Ohio  Description: Sen. John Kerry takes a campaign trip into rural Ohio. There, Kerry stressed economic issues in the traditionally Republican territory.	1
1	Bush, Kerry Trade Increasingly Harsh Words  Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry speaks at a rally Thursday, Oct. 28, 2004, in Madison, Wis. (AP Photo/Morry Gash). SAGINAW, Mich.	1
0	Arafat buried in midst of chaotic scene  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat was buried Friday near his headquarters in Ramallah amid chaotic, emotional outbursts by thousands of grieving 	2
1	Sharon to hold tense meeting with Jewish settlers ahead of planned <b>...</b>  After more than a year of avoiding Jewish settlers, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has decided to directly confront his former supporters in a meeting about his contentious plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip and part of the West Bank.	4
1	Bush Leads, Uncertainty Reigns  By David Paul Kuhn. By Dick Meyer. By Dotty Lynch. By Bob Schieffer. (CBS) In a CBS News/New York Times poll out Sunday, President Bush has the support of 49 percent of likely voters to 46 percent for John Kerry.	0 1
1	Bush called on to push intel reform  WASHINGTON - It will take pressure by President Bush on the Republican-controlled Congress to ensure passage of bottled-up legislation to overhaul intelligence agencies, the chairman of the Sept.	0
3	Markets surge on oil drop, election  Wall Street bounded higher for the second straight day yesterday as investors reveled in sharply falling oil prices and the probusiness agenda of the second Bush administration.	0
0	Sharon Eyes Palestinian Cooperation in Gaza Pullout  Description: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon says he will coordinate Israel #39;s planned withdrawal from Gaza with the new Palestinian leadership, provided it takes responsibility for fighting terrorism.	4
0	Britain's Blair Looks to Poll After Iraq Apology (Reuters)  Reuters - Iraq will not be the decisive factor for Britons in the next election, Tony Blair said on Wednesday, as his party pondered the prime minister's conditional apology over the war.	3
1	In Address to Guard, Kerry Says Bush Isn #39;t Telling Truth on Iraq  Senator John Kerry said at a National Guard conference on Thursday that President Bush was living in  quot;a fantasy world of spin quot; and that the president had deceived 	0 1
0	Kerry Questions Bush's Judgment on Iraq  NEW YORK - Sen. John Kerry said Monday that mistakes by President Bush in invading Iraq could lead to unending war and that no responsible commander in chief would have waged the war knowing Saddam Hussein didn't possess weapons of mass destruction and wasn't an imminent threat to the United States...	0 1
0	Abducted CNN Producer Released in Gaza  Palestinians marked the fourth anniversary of their uprising Tuesday amid signs that the extremist Hamas group is preparing a political challenge to Yasser Arafat 	2
0	Sharon threatens to kill Arafat  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon this week made a clear threat to assassinate Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat in an interview to mark the Jewish New Year holiday.	2 4
0	Schwarzenegger Lauds Bush on Terror Fight  NEW YORK - California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger drew on his childhood in Soviet-occupied Austria to praise President Bush's war on terror...	0
0	Australia #39;s Howard Says Bush Win a Victory for Terrorism Fight  Australian Prime Minister John Howard said the re-election of close ally US President George W. Bush was a victory for the fight against terrorism.	0
1	Arafat To Be Examined By Doctors  The government of Israel has given permission for Tunisian doctors to check on the health of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, according to public radio.	2
0	Bush Urges World to Unite With Iraq  UNITED NATIONS - President Bush, defending his decision to invade Iraq, urged a vast assembly of world leaders Tuesday to stand united with the country's struggling government and said the proper response to spreading violence "is not to retreat, it is to prevail."   The country's prime minister, Ayad Allawi, offered an upbeat assessment after Bush's speech to the General Assembly of the United Nations, saying, "We are winning, we are making progress in Iraq, we are defeating terrorists," even as insurgents claimed they had killed a second American hostage in two days.    Of the brutal slayings, Bush said, "We will not allow these thugs and terrorists to decide your fate and to decide our fate."   Yet in a sign of continuing world unease with the situation, U.N...	0
1	Routine operation but more evidence of heart trouble  Tony Blair will undergo a catheter ablation operation which will correct his heart #39;s abnormal rhythm - a condition the Prime Minister has suffered from in the past.	3
3	UPDATE 1-Bush win means C $ likely to remain high - analysts  Canada #39;s dollar will stay around 80 US cents with George W. Bush back in the White House, analysts said on Wednesday, because he is likely to favor a weaker greenback 	0
0	Officials Question Plan to Split Up CIA  WASHINGTON - Officials reacted warily to a proposal by key Republican senators to transfer the nation's major intelligence gathering from the CIA and the Pentagon to control by a new director.    The warmest response, in fact, came from the camp of Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry...	1
1	Powell seeks meeting with Palestinian leaders  Secretary of State Colin Powell says he hopes to meet Palestinian leaders soon as part of a harder US push for peace in the region following the death of President Yasser Arafat.	2
0	'American Taliban' Seeks Commuted Sentence  SAN FRANCISCO - John Walker Lindh asked President Bush on Tuesday to commute his 20-year prison sentence for aiding the Taliban.    His lawyer, James Brosnahan, said that Lindh was fighting alongside the Taliban in a civil war against the Northern Alliance, that he is not a terrorist and that he never fought against U.S...	0
1	Edwards rips Bush for lost Iraq explosives  John Edwards yesterday said President Bush #39;s administration is  quot;reckless and irresponsible quot; for failing to secure a huge weapons site in Iraq.	0
3	 quot;US economy growth to slow down next year quot;  Washington, Dec. 18. (PTI):The growth rate of United States will slow down a little bit next year though the general economic conditions  quot;look very sound, quot; Bush #39;s economic advisers have warned.	0
0	Bush, Kerry Clash Over Latest Jobs Report (AP)  AP - President Bush hailed a slight decline in unemployment Friday as reason for his re-election, evidence the "economy is strong and getting stronger." Not so, said Sen. John Kerry, countering that the administration's term will end with a net loss of jobs.	0 1
0	Sales Up for Books on U.S. Electorate (AP)  AP - President Bush's re-election disappointed many in the publishing industry, a blue-state business where liberals have long predominated, but it has boosted sales for a few anti-Bush books, notably Thomas Frank's "What's the Matter With Kansas?"	0
0	Chen congratulates Bush, hints at better relations  President Chen Shui-bian () yesterday congratulated US Pres-ident George W. Bush on his re-election and pledged to seek closer cooperation with the Bush administration in promoting regional peace and stability.	0
0	The opportunities and dangers of the post-Arafat era  Yasser Arafat #39;s increasingly imminent passing from the scene points to the end of a long and complex era that is best left for historians to assess.	2
1	Bush to revisit suggestions by commission  President Bush vowed Sunday to work with Congress to revive a bill to enact major recommendations of the Sept. 11 commission, as Republican lawmakers struggled to explain why 	0
3	Hesitant world markets hang on for a US election result  FRANKFURT The dollar firmed on Wednesday, but stock markets were hesitant in Asia and Europe as uncertainty surfaced about the outcome of the US presidential election, despite initial indications that George W. Bush was leading John Kerry in the race for 	0 1
0	Arafat flying to Paris for treatment  RAMALLAH, West Bank -- A medical team was flying Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat to France early today for emergency treatment in the clearest sign yet that he is suffering from a severe but still unconfirmed illness that Palestinian officials said yesterday could be life-threatening.	2
0	Wasghington to be criticized at UN climate change summit in Buenos <b>...</b>  Over 1500 experts and politicians from 189 countries discuss global warming scenario after Russia ratified the Kyoto Protocol. Bush is the main target of delegates for his anti-ecological policy.	0
3	EU to lift trade sanctions against US amid lingering doubts  BRUSSELS : The EU commission acted to ease trade tensions with the United States, saying it would lift sanctions after US President George W. Bush approved a repeal of illegal corporate tax breaks.	0
1	Republicans Nominate Bush for Second Term  The Republican Party nominated President Bush for a second four-year term in the White House on Tuesday with a ringing call for his re-election 	0
1	Tunisian Doctors Examine Arafat, Aides Blame Flu  Six Tunisian doctors arrived in the West Bank on Saturday to examine Yasser Arafat, but aides dismissed Israeli media reports that the Palestinian president #39;s health had deteriorated and said he had flu.	2
0	Kerry: Bush Wanted Debate 'Life Lines'  NEW YORK - Why did it take so long for the Bush and Kerry campaigns to agree on a debate schedule? Sen. John Kerry had the answer for television's Regis Philbin, who has hosted the quiz show "Who Wants to be a Millionaire?"  "The big hang-up was George Bush wanted to get life lines, you know, so he could call somebody," the Democratic candidate for president quipped Tuesday while appearing on "Live With Regis and Kelly."   Contestants on the multiple-choice quiz show could contact a knowledgeable friend for help if they were unsure of an answer...	0 1
1	Arafat may be suffering from leukemia  Palestinian officials have admitted that leukemia specialists have examined frail Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, to find out whether he has the blood cancer.	2
0	Officer From Another Swift Boat Breaks Silence and Defends Kerry  The Vietnam veteran broke a 35-year silence to back Senator John Kerry's version of events from their mission together.	1
1	Iraq, Jobs on Agenda for Bush-Kerry Debate  President Bush seeks to rebound from his poor showing last week when he faces Sen. John Kerry on Friday night in a second debate that is sure 	0 1
1	Congress Sends Bush  $800B Debt-Limit Hike  WASHINGTON Nov 18, 2004 - Congress sent President Bush an  $800 billion boost in the federal borrowing limit on Thursday, spotlighting how the budget has lurched out of control in recent years and how hard it will be to afford future initiatives.	0
1	US: Republicans call on CBS to retract Bush air guard story  Republicans have called for a congressional investigation and retraction of CBS television #39;s report concerning President George W. Bush #39;s Air National Guard service.	0
1	Songwriter takes on Bush and wins  President Bush #39;s campaign spokeswoman Nicolle Devenish has confirmed that a song used at campaign rallies has been withdrawn. The track  #39;Still the One #39; written by John Hall and Johanna D. Hall was a number 5 hit in 1976 for the band Orleans.	0
0	UN Ambassador John Danforth resigns  John Danforth, the US ambassador to the United Nations, will leave his post in January after less than seven months on the job. In a letter of resignation sent to President Bush on November 	0
1	Palestinians Urge US to Keep Deadline  The Palestinian prime minister urged the United States on Friday to stick to its original 2005 deadline for Palestinian statehood, arguing that President Bush #39;s recent proposal 	0
1	Battered Blair pushes domestic agenda  LONDONRarely has a politician looked as beleaguered as Tony Blair, yet still poised for victory. Branded a liar by a majority of voters, detested by many in his Labour party and dogged by rumours of his 	3
0	Opposition parties begin talks for coalition Israeli Government  The opposition Labour Party in Israel has begun coalition talks with the Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Likud Party. Labour leader Shimon Peres says negotiations to establish a coalition government could be completed within a few days.	4
0	Bangladesh announces 3-day mourning for Arafat  The Bangladesh government on Thursday announced a three-day national mourning in memory of Palestine President Yasser Arafat, who died this morning.	2
1	Ridge  #39;willingly took on one of the toughest jobs #39;  Tom Ridge was sworn in as the nation #39;s first homeland security adviser less than a month after the horror of Sept. 11. Asked to serve by President Bush, he left the governor #39;s 	0
1	Uncharted territory  On the long road of a hostile and often backward-looking presidential campaign, President Bush and Sen. John Kerry have sputtered more than sped and neither has satisfied a majority of voters.	0 1
0	CBS Insists Anti-Bush Memos Accurate (Reuters)  Reuters - Slammed by all sides, from high-ranking Republicans to rival networks, CBS News vowed on Wednesday to answer questions about the authenticity of documents it aired in a story challenging President Bush's military service during the Vietnam War.	0
0	Kerry: Bush Economic Policies Hurt U.S. (AP)  AP - Sen. John Kerry on Saturday looked to frame the next presidential debate by accusing President Bush of making a series of bad economic choices that are making it harder for average Americans to get by.	0 1
1	Bush Nominates Gutierrez to Head Commerce  Description: President Bush nominates Carlos Gutierrez as Commerce secretary. The CEO and chairman of Kellogg #39;s is considered one of the country #39;s most prominent Hispanic executives.	0
0	Bush Rejects Bin Laden Tape, Hits Kerry (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush vowed on Friday the United States will not be intimidated by a pre-election warning from Osama Bin Laden and called Democrat John Kerry "shameful" for accusing him of bungling the search for the al Qaeda leader.	0 1
0	Bush Pushes MLB to Address Steroid Issue (AP)  AP - President Bush called on Major League Baseball on Wednesday to take "strong steps" to confront the use of steroids and other illegal performance-enhancing substances by players.	0
1	Palestinians Meet Amid Reports of Arafat #39;s Declining Health  Senior Palestinian officials convened meetings in the West Bank today in response to conflicting reports over the declining health of Palestinian leader Yasir Arafat, who has been in a 	2
0	Bush and Blair Put Mideast and U.S.-Europe Ties Atop Joint Agenda  Both leaders said they were deeply committed to seeing a Palestinian state and shoring up the frayed relationship between the U.S. and Europe.	0
1	Two Israeli ministers sacked after pullout vote  JERUSALEM: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon sacked cabinet minister Uzi Landau and deputy internal security minister Michael Ratzon y after they voted against his Gaza pullout plan.	4
1	Bush Visits With Soldiers Wounded in Iraq  President Bush arrives in the White House, Sunday, Nov. 7, 2004, in Washington. The White House expressed confidence Sunday that President Bush #39;s judicial nominees will get a fair hearing in the Senate, despite comments from Sen.	0
1	W rips attack ads  WASHINGTON - President Bush praised Sen. John Kerry #39;s war record yesterday and called for a halt to ads attacking his Vietnam service - along with spots by other third-party groups.	0 1
0	Arafat #39;s Condition Improving, Aides Say  From his hospital bed, Yasser Arafat swiftly condemned a suicide bombing in Tel Aviv on Monday - a sign the ailing Palestinian leader wants to convey the impression he is still in charge despite deteriorating health.	2
0	Nader to Hit Swing States; Kerry Improves  BOSTON - With polls showing a narrowing gap between President Bush and Sen. John Kerry, independent candidate Ralph Nader said Sunday that he planned to continue campaigning in key battleground states in the final month of the presidential election...	0 1
1	Israel Approves Plan to Compensate Jewish Settlers  Israel #39;s security cabinet today approved a compensation plan that would pay roughly  $200,000 to  $300,000 to each Jewish family that leaves the Gaza Strip under Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s withdrawal proposal.	4
0	Sharon and Abbas Ready for Peace Talks  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and Palestinian Liberation Organization (PLO) leader Mahmoud Abbas announced in an interview published in the US magazine, Newsweek, that they are ready for peace talks.	4
0	Arafat #39;s nephew calls medical file inconclusive  PARIS -- Palestinian Authority President Yasser Arafat #39;s medical records show no definite diagnosis explaining his death, his nephew said Monday.	2
1	Sharon Abandons US-Backed Roadmap  JERUSALEM , Sep 15 (MASNET  amp; News Agencies) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said the US-backed roadmap for peace with the Palestinians would not lead Israel anywhere for the time being, in a published interview, reports Agence France-Presse (AFP).	4
1	Arafat arrives in Paris for treatment  French doctors won #39;t know what #39;s ailing Yasser Arafat before Monday, a hospital spokesman said Friday, hours after the Palestinian leader arrived here for treatment of a blood disorder that #39;s left him weak and unable to eat.	2
3	BUBBA #39;S ILLNESS BAD NEWS FOR JOHN  web sites) #39;s heart prob lem will make it even harder for John Kerry (news - web sites) to recover from his dramatic slippage in the polls, nervous New York Democrats said over the weekend.	1
0	Bush Vows Aid for Colombia's Drug Fight  Under a security web of warplanes, battleships and 15,000 troops, President Bush praised Colombia's battle against drugs and Marxist guerrillas Monday and pledged to keep U.S. aid flowing so "this courageous nation can win its war against narcoterrorists."	0
1	Bush, Martin pledge to improve trade relations but no promises on <b>...</b>  OTTAWA (CP) - George W. Bush said he understands Canadian ranchers #39; frustrations but the president suggested the lumbering US bureaucracy has to sign off before the border can re-open to Canadian cattle.	0
1	Parties plead for sanctions to end Sudan slaughter  Tony Blair is being urged to demand immediate and punitive sanctions against the Sudanese government in an attempt to halt the slaughter, ethnic cleansing and rape in the Darfur region.	3
0	UK minister visits Arafat grave  UK Foreign Secretary Jack Straw has laid a wreath at the grave of former Palestinian Leader Yasser Arafat. Mr Straw is meeting Palestinian leaders at their headquarters in the occupied West Bank, following talks in Israel.	2
0	Doubts Persist About Election Results (AP)  AP - As the Electoral College prepares to certify President Bush's re-election on Monday, concerns persist about the integrity of the nation's voting system  #151; particularly in Ohio, where details continue to emerge of technology failures, voter confusion and overcrowded polling stations in minority and poor neighborhoods.	0
1	Memos Show Bush Suspended From Flying  WASHINGTON Sept. 9, 2004 - The White House released memos Wednesday night saying that George W. Bush was suspended from flying fighter jets for failing to meet standards of the Texas Air National Guard.	0
1	Cabinet shake-up fuels Bush agenda  Powell and others depart, showing the president is moving fast to make good on his campaign promises. By Deb Price / The Detroit News.	0
0	Bush Has a 5-Point Lead In Latest Poll  The president stays ahead, despite surging enthusiasm for Kerry among Democrats.	0 1
1	Above the Cut: A nation pitted against itself  George W. Bush ran for president in 2000 as a  quot;compassionate conservative. quot; He promised to be a uniter, not a divider. Four years later, we know he has been neither compassionate nor conservative 	0
0	'American Taliban' Seeks Commuted Sentence  SAN FRANCISCO - John Walker Lindh asked President Bush on Tuesday to commute his 20-year prison sentence for aiding the Taliban.    His lawyer, James Brosnahan, said that Lindh was fighting alongside the Taliban in a civil war against the Northern Alliance, that he is not a terrorist and that he never fought against U.S...	0
0	Kerry Campaign Explains Bob Kerrey Mixup (AP)  AP - John Kerry, Bob Kerrey. It's easy to get confused.	1
0	Around World, Praise and Resignation for Bush Win  It was a race in which the rest of the world claimed an enormous stake. And as the American presidential vote count today tilted and then tumbled toward President Bush, leaders 	0
1	Decapitation Of British Hostage Shown On Internet  An Islamist website has posted a video showing the beheading of Kenneth Bigley, a British man taken hostage in Iraq. The man is seen pleading to British Prime Minister Tony Blair.	3
1	NASA #39;s O #39;Keefe to Resign; Ex-Missile Defense Chief Tops List of <b>...</b>  NASA Administrator Sean O #39;Keefe will resign this week, and the retired director of the Pentagon #39;s Missile Defense Agency tops a list of five men that President Bush is considering 	0
0	Bush May See Cabinet Exodus if Re-Elected (AP)  AP - Nearly all the senior officials who came to office with President Bush still are on the job. But a big exodus and a Cabinet reshuffling seem likely if he wins a second term.	0
0	Gaza Militants Kill 4 Israelis, Barghouthi Withdraws   GAZA (Reuters) - Palestinian militants blew up an Israeli  army post on the Gaza-Egypt border on Sunday, killing at least  four Israeli troops in the deadliest attack since Yasser  Arafat's death a month ago kindled new hopes of peace.	2
1	Helping you heal the election wounds  I know youre hurting deep inside, I know youve been downright miserable since President Bush won the election, and Id like to lead you down the path to recovery.	0
0	Bush Suffers Setback in Detainee Trials (AP)  AP - The Bush administration's plan for prosecuting foreign enemy combatants was sidetracked Monday by a federal judge's ruling, the latest in a string of legal defeats for the government.	0
0	Bush vows to  #39;reach out to our friends #39;  HALIFAX, Nova Scotia A  quot;new term in office is an important opportunity to reach out to our friends, quot; President George W. Bush said on an overnight trip to Canada, but he remained uncompromising about the US-led invasion of Iraq and his insistence that the 	0
1	Bush, Kerry sharpen Iraq duel  President George W. Bush and Sen. John F. Kerry continued their battle over Iraq Tuesday during campaign appearances in Wisconsin.	0 1
0	Palestinian heads to visit Arafat  Yasser Arafat's top officials plan to travel to Paris to assess the exact condition of their ailing leader.	2
1	Team Kerry closing in on Bush  An ABC News poll of October 5 posed the question: Who, in your opinion, won the vice-presidential debate? Of 509 registered voters who made up the sample survey, 43 per cent plumped for Cheney against 35 per cent for Edwards.	1
1	Deciding What #39;s Salient About Gonzales  What #39;s the most important thing about White House counsel Alberto R. Gonzales, who President Bush nominated yesterday to replace Attorney General John D. Ashcroft?	0
1	Bush Has Double-Digit Lead on Kerry - Newsweek Poll  President Bush emerged from the Republican National Convention with an 11-point lead over Democrat John Kerry, according to a Newsweek poll released on Saturday, the second straight survey showing him ahead by double digits.	0 1
0	Bomb Found in Town Near Berlusconi Villa (AP)  AP - Police defused a bomb in a town near Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi's villa on the island of Sardinia on Wednesday shortly after British Prime Minister Tony Blair finished a visit there with the Italian leader.	3
3	Bush Pledges Strong-Dollar Policy  President Bush pledged Wednesday to work with Congress to reduce the government #39;s huge budget deficit as a key step in assuring the world that his administration supports a strong dollar.	0
0	France Not Immune to Radical Islam Threats (AP)  AP - France is seen by many Americans as a reluctant ally, at best, in President Bush's war on terror. But a new hostage crisis has made clear that the Gallic nation, with western Europe's largest Muslim population, is not immune to threats from radical Islam.	0
0	PM downplays Weisglass remarks on road map freeze  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s office insisted Thursday that the diplomatic furor caused by senior adviser Dov Weisglass #39;s comments, that the disengagement plan was designed to freeze the road map peace process, is over.	4
0	Confusion Over Arafat, Palestinians Prepare Burial   PARIS (Reuters) - Palestinians looked to their leadership  to lift confusion over Yasser Arafat's fate in a French  hospital on Wednesday as preparations gathered pace to bury the  icon of the fight for a state. Arafat, 75, suffered a brain  hemorrhage on Tuesday at the hospital where he was flown from  the West Bank on Oct. 29 and had lain in a coma. Officials  insisted in public that he was alive, though aides said  privately that he was dead.	2
0	Mashal in Cairo for talks on disengagement  Hamas leader Khaled Mashal arrived unexpectedly in Cairo late Saturday night for talks with Egyptian officials on Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s disengagement plan.	4
1	Analysis: Kerry #39;s new focus  In the wake of the disastrous Republican Convention and 10 points behind, John Kerry is beginning to shift the issues of his campaign.	1
0	Britain could become world leader in stem cell research (AFP)  AFP - Prime Minister Tony Blair said that Britain could become the world leader in the controversial field of stem cell research.	3
0	Yasser Arafat in deeper coma  PARIS: Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is gravely ill but alive and there is no question of switching off life-support equipment, Foreign Minister Nabil Shaath said on Tuesday, dismissing reports of his death.	2
1	Bush faces obstacles in creating private Social Security plan  President Bush has made his ambitious proposal to revamp Social Security a priority for his second term. This is the first part of an occasional series exploring the retirement 	0
0	WORLD IN BRIEF  GAZA CITY -- Mohammed Dahlan, once seen as a possible successor to Yasser Arafat, said Tuesday that he would not run in the Jan. 9 elections and instead endorsed the interim president of the Palestine Liberation Organization, Mahmoud Abbas.	2
0	Blair back after Africa troop vow  Tony Blair arrives back in Britain from Africa after saying the continent should be the top priority for a new EU battle force.	3
0	Doctors rush to Arafat #39;s bedside, veteran leader in  #39;critical <b>...</b>  RAMALLAH, West Bank : Doctors were rushed to the bedside of ailing Yasser Arafat at his West Bank headquarters as a top official said the 75-year-old Palestinian leader was in a critical condition.	2
0	Bush and Kerry Exchange Sharp Attacks on Iraq (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush slammed Democratic rival John Kerry on Tuesday for shifting his views on Iraq out of political expediency, and Kerry fired back that Bush was using "distortions" to hide a deteriorating situation there.	0 1
0	Ailing Arafat given OK to exit compound  JERUSALEM -- Israel gave Yasser Arafat permission yesterday to briefly leave his compound to receive medical treatment in the West Bank city of Ramallah, heightening concerns the Palestinian leader is seriously ill.	2
0	Israel's Sharon Survives Two No-Confidence Votes   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon survived  two no-confidence votes in Israel's parliament on Monday,  clinging to power as he seeks to push through a disputed plan  for withdrawal from some occupied territory.	4
1	William Safire Sharon #39;s Showdown With Likud  The political tectonic plates under the Middle East may have at last begun to shift. Some Arab leaders, facing four more years of George W. Bush, seem to have understood the policy message he sent from Canada 	0
0	Going for broke  Next week Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon will submit the disengagement plan his cabinet passed on 6 June to the Knesset. The Israeli parliament will be asked to approve the government #39;s  quot;intention quot; to 	4
1	Four more years: An opportunity for Bush, a slap to Democrats  President Bush will begin his second term with an advantage he did not bring to his first: a mandate. Unlike in 2000, Bush won a popular-vote victory - a convincing one, unencumbered by judicial involvement.	0
0	A Debate on Iraq and the Home Front  President Bush and Democratic challenger Sen. John F. Kerry tangled again over Iraq and other issues in a series of pointed exchanges during their second debate Friday night.	0
0	Four Palestinians Killed in Violence After Arafat Dies   GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli soldiers killed four Palestinians  in violent confrontations that erupted following the death of  Palestinian President Yasser Arafat in a French hospital on  Thursday, Palestinians medics said.	2
1	Plea By Hostage Aid Worker  (CBS/AP) The kidnapped director of CARE International in Iraq appeared on a videotape broadcast Friday, weeping and pleading with British Prime Minister Tony Blair to withdraw troops from Iraq  quot;and not bring them to Baghdad quot; because  quot;this might be my last 	3
1	Blair Rules Out Iraq Civilian Death Toll Probe  British Prime Minister Tony Blair rejected a call Wednesday for an independent inquiry into the civilian death toll in the US-led war in Iraq.	3
1	Bush Stepping Up Attacks as Kerry Weighs Response  HILLICOTHE, Ohio, Sept. 10 - As President Bush on Friday leveled one of his strongest attacks on Senator John Kerry #39;s position on Iraq, Kerry advisers said they had agreed on the need to ratchet up their campaign 	0 1
1	Bush, Kerry Make Final Push for Votes  President Bush and Democratic Sen. John Kerry make a final push through a handful of crucial swing states on Monday in a last-ditch hunt for 	0 1
0	Guest columnist Disengagement from Gaza can be catalyst for peace  Recent events in the Middle East have the potential to positively impact the region. Lost amongst all of the coverage of Yasser Arafat #39;s passing was a historic 67-45 vote by Israel #39;s parliament 	2
1	A bruised Bush team does damage repair  WASHINGTON With major polls showing that Americans see Senator John Kerry as the clear victor over President George W. Bush in their first debate, the president #39;s aides worked Sunday to repair the damage, fiercely attacking the Democratic challenger for 	0 1
0	Bush voted "Movie Villain of the Year" (Reuters)  Reuters - President George W. Bush may see himself as defender of democracy and compassionate conservatism but film fans have voted him "Movie Villain of the Year".	0
1	Bush mends fences with Canada to abridge differences  Ottawa - George W Bush, US President, is on his first official visit to Canada with a view to mending fences with his neighbor. He faced anti-US President protesters, who scuffled with police outside parliament in Ottawa.	0
1	Sharon Invites Labor Party Into Coalition  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon speaks to reporters after casting his ballot at the Likud party meeting in Tel Aviv, Israel, Thursday, Dec. 9, 2004.	4
0	Bush Tours Fla., Kerry Faults Bush on Oil  CORAL GABLES, Fla. - On the eve of the first presidential debate, President Bush toured hurricane-battered Florida for the fifth time in six weeks on Wednesday, while rival John Kerry blamed Bush for sky-high oil prices...	0 1
1	Abbas calls for end to armed resistance  Jerusalem -- The front-runner in next month #39;s election to succeed Yasser Arafat as Palestinian leader said in an interview published Tuesday that the violence employed by Palestinians in their 4-year-old armed uprising was a mistake and that opposition to 	2
0	Israel's Shas Party to Vote Against Gaza Pullout   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - The spiritual leader of Israel's  influential Shas party ordered its 11 lawmakers on Saturday to  vote against a Gaza Strip pullout but Prime Minister Ariel  Sharon was still expected to win parliamentary approval.	4
1	In presidential race, tonight #39;s debate could tip balance  Voters get their last chance to compare President Bush and Sen. John F. Kerry side-by-side tonight as the presidential candidates discuss the economy, health care, and 	0
1	Kerry: Cheney Should Admit Iraq Mistakes  TIPTON, Iowa Oct. 5, 2004 - John Kerry said Tuesday that Vice President Dick Cheney should acknowledge mistakes made in Iraq, pointing to remarks by the former head of the US occupation that more troops had been needed in the aftermath of war.	1
1	Fears over Arafat #39;s health  Arafat #39;s wife, Suha, flew from Paris as scores of officials descended on the sand-bagged compound in Ramallah. Medical sources say Arafat, 75, suffered spells of unconsciousness and appeared disorientated.	2
0	Still not ready for prime time  I woke up early to watch Yasser Arafat #39;s funeral on television. I didn #39;t mind losing the shuteye. In fact, it was my pleasure.	2
1	Ten Candidates to Run in Palestinian Election  Ten candidates will run in the Palestinian Authority #39;s presidential election to replace Yasser Arafat, officials said on Thursday after finalizing the list of contenders for the Jan. 9 race.	2
1	Politics producing a partisan delirium  A driver aimed his Cadillac at Rep. Katherine Harris in Sarasota to exercise his  quot;political expression. quot;. A Lake Worth man attacked his girlfriend after she told him she was leaving him - and voting for John Kerry.	1
1	Kerry Sees  #39;Disaster #39; for Middle Class  Democratic Presidential candidate Sen. John Kerry, D-Mass., speaks at an early vote kickoff rally in Pembroke Pines, Fla. Ohio Sunday, Oct. 17, 2004.	1
0	Bush, Kerry Pause to Trade Barbs on Iraq  SPRING GREEN, Wis. - President Bush and rival Sen...	0
0	Sharon Demands Syria Curb Militants Before Talks  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon rejected reported peace overtures by Syria on Wednesday, saying it had to crack down on Islamic militant groups under its control before negotiations that stalled in 2000 could resume.	4
0	Leaders: N. Ireland Talks End in Failure  LEEDS CASTLE, England - A high-stakes effort to revive a Catholic-Protestant government for Northern Ireland has ended in failure, but hope remains of an eventual breakthrough, the prime ministers of Britain and Ireland said Saturday.    Britain's Tony Blair and Ireland's Bertie Ahern had tried for three days to broker an agreement between Sinn Fein, the Irish Republican Army-linked party, and the Democratic Unionists, who represent most of the province's British Protestant majority...	3
1	Kerry Comments on Vice President Cheney #39;s Daughter Resonate on US <b>...</b>  With the US presidential election just a few weeks away, much political discussion centers on questions of national security and economic affairs.	1
1	Kerry #39;s looking for American failure -- and he #39;s it  Before John Kerry, the only alumni of Swiss finishing schools I #39;d ever met (in my younger days) were a certain type of lively English girl, a couple of minor princesses from 	1
0	Sharon Says Palestinians Have Unique Chance   HERZLIYA, Israel (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel  Sharon said on Thursday he saw a unique chance for peace with  new Palestinian leaders and was ready to coordinate his Gaza  withdrawal plan as a step to a broader deal.	4
0	Middle East ; Erekat: Palestinians, Israelis agreed on election <b>...</b>  Middle East News, Palestinian negotiations minister, Saeb Erekat, said on Wednesday that the Israelis and the Palestinians reached an agreement on the upcoming elections to choose a successor to the late Palestinian President Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Kerry: Allawi's Take on Iraq Unrealistic (AP)  AP - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry said Thursday that Iraq's Ayad Allawi was sent before Congress to put the "best face" on a Bush administration policy that has gone wrong.	1
0	Martin says Bush assured him no plans for space-based weapons (Canadian Press)  Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - The prime minister says he's been assured by President George W. Bush that the U.S. missile defence plan does not necessarily involve the weaponization of space.	0
0	Bush Calls for Verifying Iran Nuke Claims  President Bush said Monday that he hopes Iran's claim that it has suspended uranium enrichment and has no nuclear weapons ambitions is true, but "there must be verification."	0
0	Milwaukee Contemplates Billing Campaigns (AP)  AP - City officials are considering billing the campaigns of President Bush and Sen. John Kerry for more than  #36;200,000 to cover police department costs for visits by the candidates, their running mates and spouses.	0 1
1	CBS producer called Kerry adviser  A campaign adviser for John Kerry told CNN he spoke with retired Texas National Guard officer Bill Burkett -- the man who CBS said provided them with disputed documents -- days before the  quot;60 Minutes quot; piece aired and after a call from a 	1
0	Rehnquist More Likely to Step Aside Now (AP)  AP - President Bush's re-election makes it more likely Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist will retire soon. And Republican gains in the Senate mean the president has more flexibility to nominate another strong conservative to fill that vacancy and other federal judgeships.	0
1	Blair says no troops decision yet  Tony Blair has forecast an upsurge in violence in Iraq ahead of planned January elections but says he has not yet decided on a US request for back-up from UK troops.	3
0	Polls Suggest a Double-Digit Bush Lead  AKRON, Ohio - President Bush and John Kerry battled over the economy and jobs in a small corner of the campaign's most fiercely contested state Saturday as polls showed a post-convention surge for the Republican in the White House.    Late Saturday, Teresa Heinz Kerry, the wife of the Democratic presidential candidate, was taken to a hospital in Mason City, Iowa, after complaining of an upset stomach, a spokeswoman said...	0 1
0	Bush Blames 'Junk Lawsuits' for Job Woes  President Bush and rival John Kerry on Tuesday offered different ways to boost the sluggish job market, the president calling for legal reforms to help workers and businesses while his Democratic opponent proposed ending tax breaks for companies that send jobs overseas.    Kerry, moving aggressively in the face of polls showing his candidacy lagging, used the latest forecast of a record budget deficit to bolster his contention that Bush is leading the country in the wrong direction...	0 1
1	Bush Is Determined #39; to See Iraq Elections in January (Update1)  President George W. Bush said he is determined #39; #39; to see Iraq hold elections Jan. 30 even as rebel attacks escalate, and any delay would send a wrong signal.	0
1	John Walker Lindh Asks for Reduction in 20-Year Jail Term  Lawyers for John Walker Lindh, the 23- year-old Californian serving a 20-year sentence for helping the Taliban in Afghanistan, will ask President George W. Bush to reduce Lindh #39;s sentence.	0
0	Bush and Kerry Put on a Lively Show (AP)  AP - Friday's rematch between President Bush and John Kerry proved to be a livelier affair, and a more revealing show, than their first debate.	0 1
0	EU: Israel Must Know There is No Power Vacuum in Palestinian <b>...</b>  The European Union said Tuesday the Palestinian government remained fully in power, though President Yasser Arafat lies in a Paris hospital suffering from a serious, but undisclosed illness.	2
0	Arafat #39;s death  #39;unnatural #39;: nephew  RAMALLAH: Yasser Arafat #39;s nephew has stoked speculation the Palestinian leader was poisoned, suggesting he died an unnatural death.	2
0	Palestinian strike gains strength  Hundreds more Palestinian prisoners join a hunger strike, as Yasser Arafat calls a one-day solidarity fast.	2
0	UN seeks quick move to Palestinian state  Nations of the world honored Yasser Arafat as a head of state Thursday, with many joining the deceased leader #39;s call for a quick transition to a Palestinian state living in peace with its neighbors.	2
0	Bush #39;s new #39; style proves a hard sell  US President George W. Bush charmed Canadians yesterday with his kind words for people in Atlantic Canada who opened their hearts and homes to Americans after 9/11.	0
0	Sharon to Present Gaza Pullout Plan Oct. 25  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon told his fractious parliament on Monday that he will bring his Gaza pullout plan to the house for debate on Oct. 25 and will ask approval for 	4
1	US now on record saying Kofi Annan should remain UN chief  UNITED NATIONS The United States has gone on record saying UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan should remain on the job, a week after President Bush pointedly chose not to voice such support.	0
0	Sharon Ends West Bank Construction Freeze (AP)  AP - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has approved construction of 1,000 more homes in Jewish settlements in the West Bank, officials said Tuesday, violating a U.S.-backed peace plan that calls for a building freeze.	4
0	Bush Mocks Kerry's Leadership Credentials (AP)  AP - President Bush mocked John Kerry's fitness to be commander in chief Wednesday, saying the way to bring U.S. troops home from Iraq "is not to wilt or waver." Kerry suggested to a campaign crowd that Bush might bring back the military draft and said in an Associated Press interview that the president was "living in a make-believe world."	0 1
1	Debate adds spice to campaign trail  Democrat John Kerry and President Bush delivered fresh criticisms Friday as they emerged from a campaign debate that, for the first time in weeks, put Bush as much on the political defensive as Kerry.	0 1
0	The Democrats' real problem (U.S. News   World Report)  U.S. News   World Report - What a difference a couple of weeks make. Polling during and just after the Republican National Convention, Time and Newsweek have George W. Bush ahead of John Kerry 52 to 41 percent. Post-convention polls show Bush ahead 52 to 45 percent (CNN/ USA Today /Gallup), 49 to 42 percent (CBS), 47 to 43 percent (Fox News), and 52 to 43 percent (ABC/ Washington Post ). Post-convention polls in battleground states show similar results. ...	0 1
0	Blair to undergo operation to fix irregular heartbeat (AFP)  AFP - British Prime Minister Tony Blair said he would enter the hospital for an operation to correct an irregular heartbeat that was first diagnosed a year ago and has recurred in the last two months.	3
1	Bush, Kerry intensify clash over Iraq after debate  US President George W. Bush and Democratic presidential nominee Senator John Kerry stepped up attacks over each other on Iraq on Friday, one day after their first face-to-face debate that many Americans thought Kerry won.	0 1
3	For Some, It Meant Relief and More  There was celebration on Wall Street and Main Street -- and K Street, too -- as President Bush won reelection and Republicans increased their majorities in both houses of Congress.	0
0	Blair: Labor will not buckle  Tony Blair has said his Labor party will not cave in despite poor poll ratings, backbench revolts, and protests over hunting and the Iraq war.	3
1	Security is once again candidates #39; topic No. 1  In their third debate, President Bush and Sen. John Kerry took up right where they left off last week: accusing each other of being unable to keep the nation safe.	0 1
1	The man who forged Palestinian identity  Arafat #39;s funeral is to be held Friday in Cairo. He will be buried at his West Bank headquarters on Saturday. By Ben Lynfield  Correspondent of The Christian Science Monitor.	2
0	Bush Says He'll Seek to Revive Intelligence Bill House Blocked  President Bush vowed to work with Congress to revive a bill to enact major recommendations of the Sept. 11 panel.	0
0	U.S. president moves on from Halifax after working visit to Canada (Canadian Press)  Canadian Press - HALIFAX (CP) - U.S. President George W. Bush thanked Atlantic Canadians on Wednesday for helping thousands of stranded Americans who were stranded three years ago following deadly terrorist attacks on his country.	0
1	Arafat Hovers Between Life, Death in Coma  Yasser Arafat was hovering between life and death #39; #39; in a coma Friday, no worse but also no better than he was a day earlier, according to Palestinian and French officials.	2
0	Palestinians, Israelis fall into turmoil  JERUSALEM -- Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel sacked a key coalition partner yesterday, and Marwan Barghouthi, the jailed uprising leader, decided to run for president of the Palestinian Authority next month, plunging Israeli and Palestinian politics into disarray.	4
0	Bush Hopes Terror Message Resonates in N.J. (AP)  AP - George W. Bush is telling voters in New Jersey  #151; a state that hasn't backed a Republican presidential candidate since 1988  #151; that his battle plan for fighting terrorists is better than Democrat John Kerry's.	0 1
1	On the Bush memos  The big story today: CBS News has apologized for airing a story about President Bush #39;s Air National Guard service based on some now discredited memos.	0
0	CONTROVERSIAL MOVE TO LET AMERICANS HIT REBEL POSTS HARDER  In a step fraught with risks for Prime Minister Tony Blair, Britain agreed yesterday to send 850 of its soldiers from relatively peaceful southern Iraq to a volatile area near Baghdad 	3
0	Bush returns to UN to ask for help in Iraq as bloodshed threatens <b>...</b>  UNITED NATIONS (CP) - An unapologetic President George W. Bush, who threw the United Nations into angry upheaval last year by attacking Iraq without its approval, returned Tuesday to ask for more help in the chaotic country.	0
1	Campaigns Continue to Focus on Kerry #39;s War Record  here was no Texas showdown at high noon, although there were dueling letters at the gate to President Bush #39;s Crawford ranch today, as the battle over what John Kerry did in the Vietnam war 	0 1
0	Bush to Mark 9/11 at Church, South Lawn  WASHINGTON - President Bush typically closes his campaign speeches by saying "none us will ever forget" the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks...	0
0	Presidential Second Terms Can Be Painful (AP)  AP - An upbeat President Bush set forth an aggressive agenda for the next four years, but he also must deal with the realities his predecessors faced  #151; second terms tend to be disappointments, often marred by scandals, infighting and lackluster performances.	0
0	Kerry Vows Zealous U.S. Terror Hunt, Recalls Vietnam (Reuters)  Reuters - Democratic presidential nominee and Vietnam War veteran John Kerry tried to burnish his national security credentials on Saturday by vowing to hunt down terrorists with the same energy he used to pursue the Viet Cong.	1
3	Cheney Pushes for Permanent Tax Cuts  Vice President Dick Cheney said Wednesday that it is critical to make President Bush's tax cuts permanent during his second term, while achieving broader reforms in the tax code and bolstering Social Security.	0
0	Bush Tough-Guy Scuffle Plays Poorly in Chile   SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - While President Bush may have  boosted his tough-guy image at home in a brief scuffle with  local police during a summit in Chile, orderly Chileans were  less impressed that he got physically involved and flouted  security rules.	0
1	Bush leads Kerry by 7 points  President Bush widened his lead over John Kerry after a combative Republican National Convention deepened questions about the Democratic candidate #39;s leadership, especially on terrorism.	0 1
0	Nearly a Month Later, Ohio Fight Goes On (AP)  AP - Nearly a month after John Kerry conceded Ohio to President Bush, complaints and challenges about the balloting are mounting as activists including the Rev. Jesse Jackson demand closer scrutiny to ensure the votes are being counted on the up-and-up.	0 1
0	Palestinians Pledge Vote to Replace Arafat   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat's successors  promised a swift election to replace him on Saturday as  Palestinians flocked to his tomb to pay last respects to the  ex-guerrilla who symbolized their hopes of a state.	2
1	Cheney: Kerry Took Poll on Bin Laden Tape  Vice President Dick Cheney said Sunday that Sen. John Kerry #39;s first response to Osama bin Laden #39;s new videotape was to take a poll to find out what he should say about it.	1
0	Sharon to Hold Tense Meeting With Settlers  JERUSALEM - After more than a year of avoiding Jewish settlers, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has decided to directly confront his former supporters in a meeting about his contentious plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip and part of the West Bank.    Sharon invited settler leaders to meet with him in Jerusalem on Sunday, just a week before he presents his "disengagement" plan to parliament...	4
2	Bush Wants Strong Steps Against Steroids   WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Bush wants Major League  Baseball management and players to take strong steps to combat  steroids and believes progress is being made, his spokesman  said on Wednesday.	0
3	EU to lift trade sanctions against US amid lingering doubts  BRUSSELS : The EU commission acted to ease trade tensions with the United States, saying it would lift sanctions after US President George W. Bush approved a repeal of illegal corporate tax breaks.	0
0	Egypt to Host Military Funeral for Arafat   CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt, where Yasser Arafat began his  political life and where biographers say he was born, on  Thursday prepared a funeral for the Palestinian president, who  was declared dead in Paris in the early morning.	2
1	Cabinet Changes in Homeland Security  President Bush introduced Former Police Commissioner and military man Bernard Kerik as his choice to be the next cabinet member in charge of Homeland Security on Friday.	0
1	Schwarzenegger to stump for Bush in crucial Ohio next week <b>...</b>  SAN FRANCISCO, Oct 20 (AFP) - California #39;s movie star governor, Arnold Schwarzenegger, will campaign for US President George W. Bush in the crucial battleground state of Ohio late next week, a report said Wednesday.	0
0	Bullets, Tears, Hopes of Peace After Arafat's Death   LONDON (Reuters) - Firing bullets into the air and weeping,  thousands of people streamed into Palestinian streets to mourn  Yasser Arafat on Thursday while world leaders praised him as a  symbol of his people's struggle for statehood.	2
0	U.S. Intelligence Shows Pessimism on Iraq's Future  A National Intelligence Estimate prepared for President Bush in late July spells out a dark assessment of prospects for Iraq.	0
1	Reuters Poll: Bush, Kerry in White House Dead Heat  President Bush and Democratic Sen. John Kerry remain tied in the race for the White House two weeks before the Nov. 2 election, according to a Reuters/Zogby poll released on Tuesday.	0 1
0	Bush Courts Pa. Swing Voters on Economy (AP)  AP - President Bush wooed suburban swing voters Thursday with hopeful words about the economy, contending his administration is making progress for American workers and portraying rival John Kerry as a tax-and-spend Democrat.	0 1
1	Kerry says al Qaeda benefits from Bush #39;s gun ban stance  Washington -- Sen. John Kerry charged Friday that President Bush was helping terrorists and caving in to the National Rifle Association by not pushing to extend the 10-year-old federal assault weapons ban that expires at 12:01 am Monday.	0 1
0	AP Poll: Kerry Holds Small Lead Over Bush  WASHINGTON - Sen. John Kerry has taken a slim lead over President Bush, according to an Associated Press poll that shows the president's support tumbling on personal qualities, the war in Iraq and the commander in chief's bedrock campaign issue - national security...	0 1
0	Milosevic Wants Clinton to Testify by Christmas   AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Slobodan Milosevic called on judges  to subpoena former U.S. President Bill Clinton and British  Prime Minister Tony Blair on Thursday, saying he would like  them to testify at his war crimes trial by Christmas.	3
0	Ex-Guardsman: I Contacted Kerry Campaign  AUSTIN, Texas - A retired Texas National Guard official mentioned as a possible source for disputed documents about President Bush's service in the Guard said he passed along information to a former senator working with John Kerry's campaign.    Also, a White House official said Saturday that Bush has reviewed disputed documents that purport to show he refused orders to take a physical examination in 1972 and did not recall having seen them previously...	0 1
0	Bush Focuses on Anti-Terror Message  WASHINGTON - President Bush focused on the task of protecting the country, signing legislation Monday to fund the Department of Homeland Security and heralding his battle plan for fighting terrorists as better than rival Sen. John Kerry's...	0 1
0	House Defies Bush on Mexican Trucks (Reuters)  Reuters - The U.S. House of Representatives defied the White House on Wednesday by easily backing a measure that supporters say will make Mexican trucks operating on U.S. roads safer.	0
0	GOP Gets House to Nix Draft Bill 402-2  WASHINGTON - House Republicans sought to quash a persistent Internet rumor that President Bush wants to reinstate the draft if he is re-elected, engineering an overwhelming vote Tuesday killing legislation that would do just that.    Republicans accused Democrats of feeding the rumor mill to scare young voters and their parents into voting against Bush...	0
1	Kerry:  #39;I Won #39;t Say Mission Accomplished #39;  (CNSNews.com) - Sen. John F. Kerry plans to hold a town hall meeting in Wisconsin on Monday, where he #39;ll discuss his plan to  quot;build a stronger America after four years of wrong choices by George W. Bush.	0 1
0	Arafat in Coma, Row Brews Over Burial Site   PARIS (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat lay in a coma "between life  and death" on Friday as a row brewed between Israelis and  Palestinians over a likely burial site.	2
1	Bush, Kerry Brawl Over Bin Laden  (CBS) The bare-knuckles battle between President Bush and Democrat John Kerry neared an end on Saturday with both men maneuvering for political advantage from Osama bin Laden #39;s surprise message to the American people.	0 1
0	Palestinians  #39;ready to work #39; with any US administration  PARIS, Nov 3 (AFP) - The Palestinian Authority is ready to work with whoever emerges as the winner of the US presidential race as long as he is prepared to push forward the Middle East peace process, a senior adviser to Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat 	2
0	Mugabe Says Bush and Blair Think They're God (Reuters)  Reuters - Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe accused President Bush and British Prime Minister Tony Blair on Wednesday of acting like God in riding roughshod over international law in Iraq and elsewhere.	0 3
0	Parliament yells  quot;Death to America quot;  Once again, Iran has sent out a clear signal that it intends to become a nuclear power, presenting President George W. Bush or his successor with the next major foreign policy dilemma.	0
0	Britain's Blair Faces Heart Op But Vows to Lead On   LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair said  he would go into hospital on Friday to correct recurrent heart  palpitations, but he vowed to serve a full third term in office  if he wins an election expected next year.	3
1	Israel OKs compensation for Gaza settlers  JERUSALEM -- The Israeli Cabinet on Sunday approved legislation to pay compensation to settlers uprooted by Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Gaza withdrawal plan.	4
0	Senior British cabinet minister David Blunkett resigns in fallout <b>...</b>  Britain #39;s top law-enforcement officer, a key member of Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s cabinet, resigned on Wednesday after acknowledging that his department had fast-tracked a visa for his former lover #39;s nanny.	3
1	Candidates #39; final appeal to sway a divided electorate  Washington -- President Bush and Sen. John Kerry are closing their contest for the White House in just about the same place it began, each depicting the other as a dangerous risk and fiercely battling for 	0 1
0	More Anti-Bush Protests Mark New York Convention (Reuters)  Reuters - An "unemployment" line of thousands snaked through New York on Wednesday to mark jobs lost under President Bush in a quiet protest a day after street scuffles and the arrest of more than 1,000 demonstrators.	0
0	Lackluster Afghan Poll Campaign in Final Stages  Afghanistan #39;s first presidential election is just over a week away, but campaigning and enthusiasm have been muted for an event described by President Bush as one of his major achievements.	0
0	Area #39;s Palestinians Mourn Loss of a Symbol  No one would call Sami Parbhoo a slavish follower of Yasser Arafat #39;s. Over the years, the 32-year-old Takoma Park resident has freely criticized the Palestinian leader #39;s rule.	2
0	Bush signs law pushing human rights, humanitarian aid in North Korea (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush signed a law to promote human rights in nuclear-armed North Korea and provide humanitarian aid to citizens and refugees of the Stalinist state, as well as making them eligible for asylum in the United States.	0
0	Gaza Violence Dents Hopes of Middle East Peace (Reuters)  Reuters - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said on Monday that any peace talks with Palestinian leaders depended on whether they could rein in militants, who killed five Israeli soldiers in Gaza in an attack on Sunday.	4
0	Sharon Says Gaza Evacuation Set for 2005 (AP)  AP - Israel's evacuation of the Gaza Strip will begin next summer and will take about 12 weeks, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Wednesday, reversing an earlier decision to speed up the pullout.	4
0	What Butler saw : John Kerry, combat hero and anti-war icon (AFP)  AFP - A keenly awaited documentary premiered in Toronto which is either the first bio-pic of the 44th US president, John Kerry, or a glowing portrait which came too late for a doomed campaign.	1
3	Weak US jobs data delivers blow for Bush  President Bush #39;s re-election hopes suffered a blow yesterday with news that the economy created just 96,000 new jobs in September, considerably fewer than expected.	0
1	Bush, Kerry duke it out in battleground states  Locked in a pitched battle for a too-close-to-call election, the leading presidential candidates are accusing each other of being unfit to lead Americans.	1
0	John Kerry Explains War Funding Vote  WASHINGTON - On the eve of a foreign policy debate with President Bush, Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry said in an interview that his explanation of why he voted in favor of additional funding for the war in Iraq before voting against it was "one of those inarticulate moments" in the campaign.    Kerry ultimately voted against providing  $87 billion for military operations and aid in Iraq and Afghanistan...	0 1
0	Arafat #39;s security chief escapes blast  A Palestinian security chief related to Yasser Arafat escaped a suspected assassination attempt late on Tuesday when a car bomb blew up outside his headquarters in Gaza City, witnesses said.	2
0	Republicans Call for Annan #39;s Resignation; UN Members Stand By Him  Posted December 2, 2004 - President Bush said he is looking forward to a full accounting and disclosure of the facts about the allegations of corruption surrounding the United Nations oil-for-food program.	0
1	Bush, Republicans Outpoll Kerry, Democrats on TV   LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Although the election is not until  November, President Bush and his Republican party have bested  John Kerry and the Democrats as far as U.S. television ratings  are concerned, research showed on Friday	0 1
0	'Sorry' Is the Hardest Word for Blair on Iraq (Reuters)  Reuters - Tony Blair's ministers have said it, his political opponents are baying for it but the British prime minister refuses to utter it.	3
0	Bush Vows to Reach Out to Democrats (AP)  AP - President Bush is striking twin themes for a second term, vowing to fight hard for his political agenda while reaching across the aisle to Democrats.	0
0	Clarification of adviser #39;s statement  THE GLOBE #39;S Oct. 13 editorial ( quot;Unguarded on Gaza quot;) about comments by Ariel Sharon #39;s adviser, Dov Weisglass, drastically misrepresented his interview with the Israeli daily Haaretz.	4
0	Blair spokesman denies snap election report  Downing Street has brushed aside reports that British Prime Minister Tony Blair has ordered a snap general election for February. The BBC reported Sunday a spokesman for Blair 	3
3	Copyright 2004 Houston Chronicle Washington Bureau  WASHINGTON - President Bush on Monday turned to an outsider to bolster his economic team, nominating Kellogg Co. chief executive and Cuban-born Carlos Gutierrez as the next commerce secretary.	0
0	Five 9/11 Widows to Endorse Kerry (AP)  AP - Five outspoken Sept. 11 widows on Tuesday will publicly endorse John Kerry for president, The Associated Press has learned, throwing their weight behind the Democratic challenger in a heated campaign debate over who is best suited to defend the nation from another terrorist attack.	1
1	Dems, GOP Claim Lead Going Into 2nd Debate  ENGLEWOOD, Colo. Oct. 7, 2004 - President Bush needs to do a lot more than improve his body language for Friday night #39;s second debate, says Democrat John Edwards.	0
0	'Batman' Ends Buckingham Palace Ledge Protest   LONDON (Reuters) - A campaigner dressed as Batman, from a  fathers' rights group that pelted Prime Minister Tony Blair  with flour-filled condoms, caused a major security breach on  Monday by scaling the front wall of Buckingham Palace.	3
1	Where is clarity on Iraq?  The young John Kerry showed it testifying about Vietnam. Today, he should draw on what he learned then. As a young Vietnam veteran, John Kerry testified before Congress 33 years ago about the insanity of continuing 	1
0	Reuters Poll: Bush Keeps Three-Point Lead on Kerry (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush holds a slim three-point lead over Democratic rival John Kerry one week before the Nov. 2 presidential election, according to a Reuters/Zogby poll released on Tuesday.	0 1
1	Israeli right-wingers continue to oppose pullout plan  Israeli right-wingers on Wednesday continued to oppose Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s disengagement plan after the Knesset #39;s (parliament) approval.	4
0	Bush tells Putin of democracy concerns (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush told Russian President Vladimir Putin in person for the first time that he worried about "overcentralization of power" in the Kremlin, said a senior US official.	0
1	Bush: Tort reform is vital  President Bush demanded yesterday congressional action on legislation to rein in class-action, asbestos and medical-malpractice lawsuits, telling a White House economic conference that he would make changing the civil tort system a  quot;priority issue.	0
0	Egypt to Host Military Funeral for Arafat   CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt, where Yasser Arafat began his  political life and where biographers say he was born, will host  a military funeral for the Palestinian president on Friday  before he is buried in the West Bank, officials said.	2
0	Kerry Chides Bush on Assault Weapons Ban  WASHINGTON - Sen. John Kerry sought to make President Bush pay a political price Monday for the expiration of a partial assault weapons ban, but other Democrats reacted warily on an issue that has hurt the party in recent elections...	0 1
0	Sharon death threats spark probe  Israeli police examine death threats against Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, amid mounting opposition to his Gaza pullout plan.	4
1	Fog of war overtakes Election  #39;04  Big announcement about Bush and Vietnam coming up, she said. Big bounty for anyone who could prove the president fulfilled his National Guard duty three decades ago.	0
1	Israel OKs compensation for Gaza settlers  JERUSALEM -- The Israeli Cabinet on Sunday approved legislation to pay compensation to settlers uprooted by Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Gaza withdrawal plan.	4
0	Leaders Jostle to Shape Agenda for a New Term  President Bush #39;s electoral victory was greeted internationally on Wednesday with a mixture of praise, disappointment and pragmatic resignation as world leaders jostled 	0
0	Israel's Peres Urges Election After Sharon Weakened   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's opposition Labor Party  leader called Thursday for early elections, effectively calling  off talks to enter the government after Prime Minister Ariel  Sharon's Likud party barred him from any negotiations.	4
1	Final factor: who will turn out voters  As President Bush and Sen. John Kerry hurtle into the final two days of the presidential race, the campaign has in some ways 	0 1
1	Arafat #39;s poor health has MKs calling for Israeli policy changes  Palestinian Authority Chairman Yasser Arafat #39;s poor health had politicians from across the spectrum Thursday calling for a change in Israeli policy on negotiating with the Palestinians, particularly 	2
0	Progress in Africa Must Be Led By Africa, Says Blair  Opening a meeting of the British sponsored Commission for Africa in Addis Ababa UK Prime Minister, Tony Blair, told delegates that it was  quot;time to turn international attention into international action quot;.	3
1	Sharon to Coordinate Gaza Pullout with Palestinians  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said in an interview published Sunday he is ready to coordinate Israel #39;s planned withdrawal from the Gaza Strip to take advantage of new opportunities created by the death of Yasser Arafat.	2 4
1	Bush winds up campaign in key states  US President George W. Bush was winding up his reelection campaign Monday with a last-minute effort in six of the swing states that could shape the outcome of Tuesday #39;s presidential elections.	0
0	The mantra is: security, security, security  ALONE in the White House, its easy to imagine George W Bush and Tony Blair sending out their aides, closing the door and exploding with laughter.	3
1	Kerry Should Admit His Mistake, RNC Says  Maybe it #39;s time for John Kerry to admit some mistakes of his own, the Republican National Committee suggested in a daily memo to broadcasters.	1
0	Sharon faces two no-confidence motions  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, who has alienated his right-wing Likud party with plans to withdraw from Gaza, begins a new legislative session yesterday fighting for his government #39;s survival.	4
0	Rove: Specter Vows Fairness for Nominees (AP)  AP - The White House expressed confidence Sunday that President Bush's judicial nominees will get a fair hearing in the Senate, despite comments from Republican Sen. Arlen Specter that anti-abortion judges were unlikely to be confirmed by the newly elected Senate.	0
0	Sick Arafat to Head for France, Cancer Suspected   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat, badly  weakened by what doctors believe may be leukemia, was to fly to  Paris for treatment on Friday, leaving his besieged West Bank  headquarters for the first time in more than two years.	2
0	Bomb Defused in Sardinia After Berlusoni and Blair Visited  OME, Aug. 18  The police defused a bomb today in Porto Rotondo, Sardinia, the same town where Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi had entertained British Prime Minister Tony Blair and his wife Cherie ...	3
1	Blair faces demands to apologize over Iraq war  Britain #39;s opposition parties on Wednesday demanded that Prime Minister Tony Blair apologize for the way his government handled intelligence on Iraqi weapons of mass destruction.	3
1	Presidential campaign focuses on security  The presidential campaign stayed tightly focused on national security issues Tuesday as George W. Bush and John Kerry sparred over Iraq for the second straight 	0 1
1	Israeli cabinet approves compensation for Gaza settlers  JERUSALEM : The Israeli cabinet approved a bill to compensate settlers who are to be uprooted from their homes under Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Gaza pullout plan, public radio reported.	4
0	Bush Declares Genocide in Sudan's Darfur (Reuters)  Reuters - The United States declared on Thursday that the violence in Sudan's Darfur region amounted to genocide and urged the world to back an expanded African peacekeeping force to halt the bloodshed.	0
1	Bush, Kerry tied in battleground states  President George Bush and Sen. John Kerry are tied, at 49 percent support among likely voters in 12 battleground states, USA Today reports.	1
0	Ex-Bush Official on Cybersecurity Returns (AP)  AP - Howard Schmidt, a highly regarded technology executive who was former special adviser to President Bush for cybersecurity, is returning to work with the Homeland Security Department on efforts to protect the nation's computer networks.	0
0	News Analysis: Challenges awaiting Israel, US and Arabs  RAMALLAH, West Bank Yasser Arafat was both the symbol of the Palestinian aspiration to a viable, independent state and the prime obstacle to its realization.	2
1	Bush promises more aid for Colombia.  United States president George Bush pledged Monday continued support for the Colombian government in its fight against drug barons and Marxist oriented guerrillas that have ravaged the country for decades.	0
0	Palestinians March for Arafat in Ramallah  Demonstrations held in the West Bank and Gaza Strip after the death of Yasser Arafat, the symbol of the Palestinian struggle, continued today.	2
0	Blair in Northern Ireland bargaining  Tony Blair is preparing to urge unionists and republicans to agree to a deal that would transform Northern Ireland #39;s deadlocked peace process.	3
0	Blair Gives Qualified Iraq Apology to Woo Party   BRIGHTON, England (Reuters) - Tony Blair offered his Labour  party on Tuesday a partial apology for waging war in Iraq -- a  desperate attempt to pull supporters back behind him ahead of  an election next year.	3
0	Arafat 'Very, Very Sick' -- Palestinian Minister   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian President  Yasser Arafat is "very, very sick," a Palestinian cabinet  minister told Reuters on Wednesday.	2
1	CBS probe may focus on news culture  NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- The CBS News investigation into its coverage of President Bush #39;s National Guard duty may shed light on how its culture contributed to the fiasco.	0
0	Israel to Let Jerusalem Palestinians Vote in Poll   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Palestinian residents of Jerusalem  will be allowed to take part in presidential elections to  choose a successor to Yasser Arafat, Palestinian and Israeli  officials said on Tuesday, ending weeks of uncertainty.	2
0	Yasser Arafat continues medical tests in Paris  Former Palestinian prime minister Mahmud Abbas has urged all Palestinian forces to unite, while pledging allegiance to ailing leader Yasser Arafat who is undergoing emergency tests in Paris.	2
0	Bush Reform Call Seen Part of Consumption Tax Move (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush's call for a simpler tax code could mark the next step in a gradual move toward a system that places more of a tax burden on consumption and less on savings, analysts say, a direction critics think would put a bigger burden on working Americans.	0
0	Bush, Kerry Continue War, Economy Debate  WASHINGTON - The presidential candidates are hitting big battleground states again today. President Bush will be on his second bus trip in Florida in four days...	0
0	Bush Promotes Social Security Plan (AP)  AP - President Bush made a fresh push Saturday for a new Social Security plan in which Americans would be allowed to channel a small portion of their income into "personal savings accounts," warning that inaction could end the retirement system.	0
0	Kerry Challenges Bush Record on Issues (AP)  AP - Sen. John Kerry accused President Bush on Wednesday of presiding over an "excuse presidency," challenging Bush's credibility on jobs, the record national deficit and the war in Iraq.	0 1
0	Bush Envoy Defends U.N. Against Schwarzenegger   UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - President Bush's ambassador to  the United Nations defended the world body on Wednesday, after  California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger said the United States,  not the U.N., was best for democracy.	0
1	Bush backpedals too late from Swift Boaters  A flop. Now a flip. President Bush watched silently as a member of his campaign committee and one of his biggest financial supporters created a smear machine known as the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth.	0
0	Palestinians Pour Out Grief Over Arafat's Death (Reuters)  Reuters - Palestinians streamed into the streets of the West Bank and Gaza Strip on Thursday in an outpouring of grief over the death of Yasser Arafat, the enduring symbol of their nationalist cause.	2
0	Black Watch pays price for backing Fallujah offensive  Tony Blair faced calls from Labour MPs last night to pull British troops out of Iraq #39;s notorious  quot;Triangle of Death quot; after another Black Watch soldier was killed and two more were injured.	3
1	Kerry Links Iraq War Cost, Domestic Woes  WASHINGTON Sept. 19, 2004 - Democrat John Kerry links the cost of the Iraq war to problems at home and vows in a new television ad to both  quot;defend America and fight for the middle class.	1
1	Conservatives Block Intel Bill  (CBS/AP) In a defeat for President Bush, rebellious House Republicans aligned with the Pentagon derailed legislation to overhaul the nation #39;s intelligence agencies along lines recommended by the Sept.	0
0	Arafat in coma as concerns increase over burial  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat remained in a coma Saturday at a French military hospital as concerns heightened over possibilities for his burial and the future of Palestinian leadership.	2
0	Arafat in pain but expected to recover-Shaath  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is in pain because of an intestine problem but his doctors expect him to be feeling much better in a few days, the Palestinian Authority #39;s foreign minister said today.	2
0	Israeli Coalition on Verge of Collapse Over Budget   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's  coalition reeled toward collapse on Wednesday over a budget  vote likely to force him to remake his government or call  elections that would imperil his Gaza withdrawal plan.	4
0	Kerry Launches Second Attack on Bush  Hitting President Bush on the issues of jobs and the war in Iraq, Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry is moving aggressively in the face of polls showing his candidacy lagging.    Campaigning in North Carolina, a state hurt by job losses, Kerry says he would end tax breaks for companies that outsource overseas...	0 1
1	Putin urges voters to back Bush  Russian President Valdimir Putin says terrorist attacks in Iraq are aimed at preventing the re-election of US President George W. Bush and 	0
1	President Bush to survey hurricane damage  President Bush will head to Florida tomorrow to survey hurricane damage, and hes urging Congress to approve two billion dollars for  quot;urgent needs quot; stemming from hurricanes Charley and Frances.	0
1	Bush and Kerry Campaign Hard in Swing States  President Bush and Senator John Kerry campaigned today in Pennsylvania and Iowa, respectively, two vital swing states, where they emphasized jobs, health care and other 	0 1
1	Iraqi leader joins Bush in touting successes but disagrees on more <b>...</b>  One that #39;s winning the peace and one that isn #39;t. A country that will hold democratic elections in January and another that can #39;t possibly succeed without some big changes.	0
1	CBS Faces New Charges Over Discredited Bush Report (Reuters)  Reuters - CBS News faced new charges of journalistic impropriety on Tuesday, a day after the network said it regretted using questionable documents in a report challenging President Bush's military service.	0
0	Bush Nominates His Top Counsel for Justice Post  President Bush said that Alberto R.Gonzales had been "a calm and steady voice at times of crisis" as his White House counsel.	0
0	Bush and Kerry on the Issues: Taxes (AP)  AP - Three times a week, The Associated Press picks an issue and asks Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry and Republican President Bush a question about it. Today's question and responses:	0 1
0	2004 Presidential Endorsements (AP)  AP - Newspaper endorsements in the 2004 presidential campaign between President Bush, a Republican, and Sen. John Kerry, a Democrat.	0 1
0	Bush Hits Kerry in Debate Rebound Bid (AP)  AP - President Bush blistered Sen. John Kerry on Wednesday as an apostle of "retreat in Iraq" and tax-and-spend liberalism at home. The administration is "out of touch with reality" Democratic running mate John Edwards countered in a campaign growing more caustic by the day.	0 1
1	Bush's Convention Tops Kerry's in Primetime Polling (Reuters)  Reuters - The country may be more or less evenly divided along partisan lines when it comes to the presidential race, but the Republican Party prevailed in the Nielsen polling of this summer's nominating conventions.	0
1	Bush Voted Year's Top Film Villian (AP)  AP - With U.S. voters soon to pass their verdict on President George W. Bush, readers of a British magazine have rated him the year's top screen villain.	0
0	Bush Denounces Ads by Outside Groups  CRAWFORD, Texas - President Bush on Monday denounced campaign commercials aired by outside groups, including an ad that accuses John Kerry of lying about his combat record in Vietnam.   "That ad and every other ad" run by such groups have no place in the campaign, Bush said when asked about the commercial sponsored by Swift Boat Veterans For Truth that has roiled the race for the White House...	0 1
0	Bush Wants Line-Item Veto to Be Revived (AP)  AP - Six years after the Supreme Court took away the president's ability to veto specific parts of legislation, President Bush is asking Congress to bring back the line-item veto to let him make precision strikes against projects and tax provisions he doesn't like.	0
0	Israel kills senior Hamas militant  Hamas has vowed to hit back hard for Israel #39;s assassination of the  quot;Father of the Qassam quot; rocket, a weapon symbolising Palestinian militants #39; defiance of Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and his plan to quit Gaza.	4
0	Senior Palestinian Officials to Visit Arafat  JERUSALEM, Nov. 7-- Senior Palestinian officials who have been running the government during leader Yasser Arafat #39;s hospitalization plan to travel to Paris early this week to assess his condition, Palestinian officials said Sunday night.	2
0	Best Defense: More Offense  In the debate, John Kerry was on the offensive on topics like tax cuts in wartime, prescription drug imports and the deficit.	1
1	Bush and Kerry turn to domestic policy  supporters at an Orlando high school.  quot;They #39;re working for drug companies. They #39;re working for oil companies ... leading logistics contractor for the US military in Iraq, is a favourite whipping horse for Democrats.	0 1
1	Good luck, Mr. President!  We now know who our president will be for the next four years. President Bush has been returned to the White House for another four years.	0
0	Gaze pullout row far from settled  TALKS between Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and settlers opposed to his Gaza pullout plan ended in acrimony yesterday amid warnings the country could face civil war.	4
1	Candidates retool plans for sprint to finish line  WASHINGTON - Not in a generation has a presidential election been so close for so long. Now, as President Bush seems to be pulling a bit ahead of Sen. John Kerry, every step, and misstep, could affect their frantic race to the finish.	0 1
0	Arafat's Health Reported to Have Turned Sharply Worse  Medical teams were summoned to Yasir Arafat's compound amid unconfirmed reports that he had collapsed and lost consciousness at least once.	2
1	Exit John Ashcroft  Having just emerged from a campaign season in which George W. Bush constantly reminded the public that he was a war president in the never-ending fight against terrorism, it felt a little peculiar to hear John Ashcroft resign as attorney general with the 	0
0	Bush Takes On Direct Role in Shaping Election Tactics  Mixed in with daily updates on security, the president receives a quick campaign overview from Karl Rove.	0
0	Israeli Cabinet Passes Gaza Bill Before Key Vote   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's cabinet  passed a bill on the nuts and bolts of pulling out of occupied  Gaza Sunday, a day before he seeks approval from Israel's  parliament for his withdrawal plan.	4
2	Gridiron prediction: Kerry  WASHINGTON _ Forget the polls, the football verdict is in and it goes to John Kerry. In every presidential election since 1936, the Washington Redskins #39; last home game before the election has accurately predicted the winner.	1
1	Bush honors 3 Iraq war figures with Medals of Freedom  WASHINGTON President George W. Bush on Tuesday presented the government #39;s highest civilian honor, the Medal of Freedom, to three men closely involved in the planning, execution and immediate aftermath of the Iraq war - and in some of the war #39;s biggest 	0
0	Sharon Humiliated In Historic Knesset Rebuff  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon this week resumed efforts to change the make-up of his ruling coalition in the wake of an embarrassing 53-44 defeat in a largely symbolic Knesset vote Monday.	4
1	Arafat #39;s decline leads to fears of new violence  A flurry of contradictory information on President Yasser Arafat #39;s illness was leaked on Thursday as the Palestinian leader at various times was said to be brain dead or in a coma, in a stable but serious condition, and then dead - until reports of his 	2
3	Snow Says Strong Dollar #39; Is in America #39;s Interest #39; (Update4)  The US supports a strong dollar, #39; #39; Treasury Secretary John Snow said, making his first remarks on the currency since George W. Bush was re-elected president on Nov. 2. We support 	0
1	US Presidential Nominees Head to Miami for Debate  The focus of the US presidential campaign is moving to Miami, Florida, the site of the first debate between President Bush and his Democratic opponent John Kerry.	0 1
3	Kerry sharpens economic rhetoric Buoyed by postdebate polls <b>...</b>  ORLANDO, Fla. - Bolstered by evidence the presidential race is turning his way, John Kerry yesterday outlined a new campaign phase - casting President Bush as a pal of the rich, himself as the friend of the middle class.	0 1
1	Kerry taken to task on terror remark  A recent remark by Democratic presidential contender John Kerry that he wants to reduce terrorism to  quot;a nuisance #39; #39; is the sign of  quot;an unacceptable mind-set, #39; #39; Vice President Dick Cheney said Friday.	1
0	North Korea likens Bush to Hitler  North Korea has described US President George W Bush as an  quot;imbecile quot; and a  quot;tyrant that puts Hitler in the shade quot;.	0
1	Iraq violence doesn #39;t compute with Bush #39;s optimism, say critics  Yet it #39;s clear chaos has escalated and violence is becoming more co-ordinated. Some experts are calling Iraq a potential  quot;super rogue state quot; and the next Lebanon.	0
0	Annan: Invasion of Iraq  #39;illegal #39;  Also, US intel report shows  #39;dark prospects #39; for Iraq, as Bush #39;s postwar policy takes other hits. In an interview with the BBC Wednesday, United Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan said the decision to launch 	0
0	Bush, Kerry Economic Budgets Exceed  $1T  WASHINGTON - President Bush and Democratic Sen. John Kerry have starkly different economic priorities with a common thread: price tags exceeding  $1 trillion that could pump already huge deficits skyward over the next decade...	0 1
1	Two columnists debate who was the victor on Friday  All over the country, media networks assert that John Kerry won the first presidential debate with a clear, decisive victory. The victor of the second debate is not quite so clear.	1
0	Arafat #39;s brother moved to Cairo for cancer therapy  Palestinian sources said on Tuesday that Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s younger brother Fatehy Arafat was transferred to a hospital in Cairo to be treated for intestines cancer.	2
3	Britons Must Save More, Pay More Tax for Pensions (Update1)  The UK must force people to work until age 70 or pay 57 billion pounds ( $102 billion) a year more in taxes to maintain income for retirees, a study commissioned by Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s government showed.	3
1	Theater of the Absurd: Will  #39;Down Under #39; Help Take Bush under?  LOS ANGELES -- It #39;s not the longest-running war in the world by any means -- there #39;s Sudan and there #39;s, well, it #39;s a substantial list.	0
1	US pushing Sharon to accept West Bank peace deal  Colin Powell, the outgoing US secretary of state, was due to arrive in Jerusalem last night at the start of a concerted international effort to revive Israeli-Palestinian peace talks after the death of Yasser Arafat.	2
3	China Widens Economic Role in Latin America  The expected arrival here on Friday of President Bush, who personifies for Latin Americans the economic and political power of Washington, is being greeted with an 	0
0	Detoxifying Yasser Arafat #39;s Disastrous Legacy  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, who died on November 11, has left the Middle East a more brutal, nasty, and toxic place. Arafat #39;s disastrous leadership exploded the once promising Arab-Israeli 	2
0	Sharon firm on pullout despite coalition crisis  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon pledged yesterday to see through his controversial plan to pull troops and settlers out of Gaza despite kicking his last remaining coalition partner out of government.	4
0	Campaigns Enlist Big Names to Set Debates' Details  The Bush and Kerry campaigns put forward their most formidable proxies to face-off over establishing the details of the debates.	1
1	100,000 protest against Bush  More than 100,000 people peacefully marched through the heart of Manhattan Sunday to protest against President Bush and his policies, highlighting the nation #39;s deep political 	0
0	Bush 'picks new attorney general'  White House legal counsel Alberto Gonzales is the president's choice for attorney general, sources say.	0
0	Federal Deficit Surges to Record  $413B  WASHINGTON - Democrats are blaming President Bush for the record 2004 federal deficit of  $413 billion, but Republicans say the figure shows that the economic and budget pictures are brightening.    The Treasury Department announced the figure Thursday, two weeks after the government's 2004 budget year ended and just 19 days from an Election Day in which Bush's economic and fiscal performance are pivotal issues...	0
0	Palestinians to Elect Arafat Successor on Jan. 9   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinians set Jan. 9 as  the date for presidential elections to replace Yasser Arafat on  Sunday while the United States hinted it may be ready to resume  Middle East peacemaking.	2
0	Arab world abuzz with Arafat poisoning theory  CAIRO, Nov 15 (AFP) - The Arab world is abuzz with suspicions that Yasser Arafat was poisoned, a theory fuelled by the lack of an official report on the cause of death of the veteran Palestinian leader despite a host of denials.	2
1	Arafat in Paris, tests begin  PARIS - Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat arrived Friday at a military hospital south of Paris to undergo treatment for a mysterious illness that has weakened him severely and added an unpredictable dynamic to Middle East politics.	2
1	Kerry: Bush Made Wrong Choices on Iraq  Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry says President Bush has made a series of wrong choices on Iraq and he vowed to take a new direction if elected in November.	0 1
0	Blair issues demands to Sudan on Darfur  KHARTOUM, Sudan - Sudan agrees to a joint withdrawal of government and rebel forces in Darfur and will accept a big increase in international ceasefire monitors, British Prime Minister Tony Blair said Wednesday after talks with the country #39;s president.	3
1	Goss Says He Will Be Non-Partisan #39; as CIA Director (Update1)  US Representative Porter Goss, President George W. Bush #39;s nominee to head the Central Intelligence Agency, said he wouldn #39;t allow political considerations to guide his management of the agency.	0
1	Stakes high heading into debates  The presidential debates present both opportunity and peril for the two top candidates, with Sen. John Kerry hoping a strong performance spurs a decisive rally and President Bush aiming to seal his re-election.	0 1
0	Bush joins efforts to forge Northern Ireland peace deal  US President George W Bush joined efforts to break a deadlock in the Northern Ireland peace process, telephoning Protestant leader Ian Paisley as negotiations ground on in London and Belfast.	0
0	Bush Must Reunite US, Heal Foreign Relations, Asian Media Say  The re-election of US President George W. Bush gives him an opportunity and a responsibility to reunite a deeply divided country and repair damaged international relations, Asian media editorials said.	0
0	Arafat says Palestinian state more likely with Netanyahu as PM  In interview with Financial Times, PA chief says, With Sharon its much harder. Claims contacts with Sharon still held through his son MK Omri Sharon.	2
0	Joy in Italy, Caution in France on Iraq Hostages  British hostage Kenneth Bigley appeared in a video tape aired on Wednesday, pleading with Prime Minister Tony Blair to meet the demands of his captors in Iraq to release Iraqi women prisoners.	3
0	EU Constitution crisis  PRIME Minister Tony Blair was today signing the Constitutional Treaty in Rome amid a growing crisis over the new Brussels Commission.	3
3	Tech Investors See Brighter Future  Investors cheered a final verdict on the outcome of the presidential race, leaving behind their fears of a 2000-style election and boosting markets, especially stocks perceived to benefit from a continued Bush administration.	0
0	Britons can vote on treaty in 2006  Tony Blair has given himself until the spring of 2006 to win round a sceptical British public to a new European constitution, which was signed amid pomp 	3
0	Bush Pulls Top Security Agent From Fracas  President Bush stepped into the middle of a confrontation and pulled his lead Secret Service agent away from Chilean security officials who barred his bodyguards from entering an elegant dinner for 21 world leaders Saturday night.	0
0	McCain, Giuliani Trumpet Bush Leadership  NEW YORK - Republicans belittled Democratic Sen. John Kerry as a shift-in-the-wind campaigner unworthy of the White House on Monday, opening their national convention four miles from Ground Zero of America's worst terrorist attack...	1
0	Bush Says Kerry 'Wrong Man' for Wartime Presidency (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush said on Thursday John Kerry lacked the conviction to lead during a war and borrowed his Democratic rival's own words to call him "the wrong man for the wrong job at the wrong time."	0 1
0	Terrorism, Iraq war mold Bush presidency (AFP)  AFP - If his 1986 decision to quit drinking was the turning point of US President George W. Bush's personal life, the September 11, 2001 terrorist strikes and their aftermath define his time in the White House.	0
0	Bush rips Kerry as aides downplay Iraq explosives flap (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush ripped Democratic White House hopeful John Kerry's  quot;strategy of pessimism and retreat quot; in Iraq, as aides sought to defuse questions about vanished explosives there.	0 1
1	Bush Plans to Name Gonzales New Attorney General  President Bush planned on Wednesday to nominate White House legal counsel Alberto Gonzales as his new attorney general as part of a reshuffle of Bush #39;s Cabinet for his second term, administration officials said.	0
0	Cheney: Weapons Report Justifies Iraq War  MIAMI - Vice President Dick Cheney asserted on Thursday that a report by the chief U.S. weapons inspector in Iraq, who found no evidence that Iraq produced weapons of mass destruction after 1991, justifies rather than undermines President Bush's decision to go to war...	0
0	Bush signs global anti-Semitism law (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush said he had signed into law a bill requiring the State Department to monitor global anti-Semitism and rate countries annually on their treatment of Jews.	0
1	Sharon Vows Parliament Vote on Gaza Plan on Oct. 25  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon vowed on Monday to put his Gaza withdrawal plan to a parliamentary vote on Oct. 25, despite persistent violence in the coastal strip 	4
0	9/11 Kin Vouch for Bush, Kerry in TV Ads (AP)  AP - Relatives of people who lost loved ones in the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks vouch for President Bush or Democrat John Kerry in new TV ads that try to persuade voters that just one of the two would best lead the country in a time or terrorism.	0 1
0	Blair's son makes the grade for Oxford (AFP)  AFP - British Prime Minister Tony Blair's son Nicholas made the grade in his final school exams and will follow in his father's footsteps to famed Oxford University, Blair's office announced.	3
1	UK hostage #39;s last appeal on Web  A video tape posted on the Internet on Sunday shows British hostage Kenneth Bigley making a last appeal to Prime Minister Tony Blair to meet the demands of the militants holding him in Iraq before being beheaded.	3
0	World reaction  US President Bush and French President Chirac are among the first to send condolences for the Palestinian leader's death.	0
0	Israeli Cabinet Passes Gaza Bill Before Key Vote   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's cabinet  passed a bill on the nuts and bolts of pulling out of occupied  Gaza Sunday, a day before he seeks approval from the Israeli  parliament for his withdrawal plan.	4
0	Wife Invokes Supreme Court to Tout Kerry (AP)  AP - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry would appoint Supreme Court justices who would safeguard a half-century of civil rights gains, his wife said Friday.	1
1	Kerry Talks Economics in Rural Ohio  Description: Sen. John Kerry takes a campaign trip into rural Ohio. There, Kerry stressed economic issues in the traditionally Republican territory.	1
1	A strident minority: anti-Bush US troops in Iraq  Though military personnel lean conservative, some vocally support Kerry - or at least a strategy for swift withdrawal. WASHINGTON - Inside dusty, barricaded camps around Iraq, groups of American troops in 	1
0	Bush, Kerry Clash on Iraq in Labor Day Rallies (Reuters)  Reuters - Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry launched one of his harshest broadsides against the Iraq war on Monday and drew an angry response from President Bush, in a clash that overshadowed their attempts to focus on the economy.	0 1
0	Kerry: Bush Policies Full of Bad Choices  DETROIT - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry attacked the Bush administration as the "excuse presidency" on Wednesday, charging that the president stood by while jobs disappeared and the middle class lost ground.   "This president has created more excuses than jobs...	1
0	Ex-Adviser Sees Rare Opportunity On Mideast Front     R   obert Malley , a former assistant to President    Bill Clinton  who rejects blaming only    Yasser Arafat  for the collapse of peace efforts four years ago, warns that a rare window of opportunity for engaging both sides "is not going to be eternally open."	2
0	Prez catches Canada off-guard with ballistic missile defence plan  HALIFAX: President Bush caught Canadian officials off guard in calling openly for joint action on a continental missile defence shield.	0
3	Congress Extends Popular Tax Breaks  AccountingWEB.com - September 24, 2004 - Congress extended three of President Bush #39;s most popular tax cuts by lopsided margins Thursday night.	0
0	'Opposition' to Blair third term  Tony Blair reportedly faces growing opposition within Labour to his plan to serve a full third term.	3
0	War on terror will be won in Iraq, vow Blair and Allawi (AFP)  AFP - British Prime Minister Tony Blair and his Iraqi counterpart Iyad Allawi vowed to crush terrorism in Iraq and looked ahead to the country staging successful elections in January.	3
1	Israel #39;s Sharon Fires Ministers, Shatters Coalition  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon waits for the voting of Israel #39;s 2005 budget at the Israeli parliament in Jerusalem, December 1, 2004.	4
0	Sharon vows to press on with pullout plan  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is vowing to press on with his plan to pull Israeli settlers and soldiers out of the Gaza Strip despite his party #39;s rejection of a partnership with the pro-withdrawal Labour Party. 	4
0	Satire Sequel Parodies U.S. Newsmakers  NEW YORK - From the creators of the political satire sensation "This Land" comes a sequel set to the tune of "Dixie." The online animation "Good To Be in DC!" features the presidential and vice presidential candidates along with Attorney General John Ashcroft, CBS News anchor Dan Rather, filmmaker Michael Moore, talk show host Rush Limbaugh and Jane Fonda.   "In This Land,' you had basically (President) Bush and (John) Kerry," said Evan Spiridellis, who co-produced the cartoons with his brother, Gregg...	0 1
1	Just a Handful of Elections Undecided  NEW MEXICO PRESIDENT: Bush held a slim lead with thousands of absentee votes still to be counted. The state #39;s governor and secretary of state are both Democrats.	0
1	Congress Sends Bush Tax Cut Bill, Victory  WASHINGTON Sept. 24, 2004 - Legislation extending three popular middle-class tax cuts for the rest of the decade sailed through Congress by lopsided votes in both the House and Senate, giving President Bush 	0
1	Bring It On? Make It Stop!  In a startlingly bad piece of political theater, John Kerry sent his supporter Max Cleland to hand-deliver a letter to President Bush at his ranch in Texas.	0 1
0	Both Bush and the United Nations need to change attitudes <b>...</b>  Two audiences listened to President Bush #39;s speech Tuesday at the opening of the UN General Assembly. Though he stood before the world #39;s diplomatic body, the American electorate mattered every bit as much to 	0
0	Reports Fuel Doubts on CBS Bush Story  NEW YORK - Two experts hired by CBS News to examine records of President Bush's Vietnam-era service in the Texas Air National Guard told ABC on Tuesday that they could not vouch for the documents' veracity.    Meanwhile, a former secretary in the guard said she believed the documents CBS used were fake, although they accurately reflected the thoughts of one of Bush's commanders...	0
0	Arafat to Be Flown for Treatment in France   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Gravely ill Palestinian  leader Yasser Arafat agreed on Thursday to be rushed to a  French hospital as fears grew for the icon of the struggle for  a Palestinian state.	2
1	Kerry Says Bush Not Telling  #39;The Truth #39; About Iraq  Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry accused President Bush on Thursday of  quot;living in a fantasy world of spin quot; and failing to tell the truth about growing chaos and violence in Iraq.	0 1
1	Bush to address National Guard Association  The Vietnam War continues to roil the 2004 presidential campaign - and there #39;s no sign the battle will end soon. Tuesday, President Bush travels to Las Vegas to address the National Guard Association, made 	0
0	Blair facing Iraq apology calls  Opposition parties demand Tony Blair apologises for the way he presented intelligence on Iraq's illegal weapons.	3
1	Kerry Says Bush Broke Promise on Oil  SPRING GREEN, Wis. Sept. 29, 2004 - Democratic Sen. John Kerry said Wednesday the  $50 per barrel price of oil reflects a broken promise of President Bush that will hurt average Americans.	0 1
1	Weapons Report Is A Catalyst For Barbs  fiery exchange between President Bush and John Kerry on Thursday, with Bush asserting the report showed that Saddam Hussein was a danger even in the absence of weapons of mass destruction and Kerry 	0 1
0	Kerry to blast Bush troop plans  John Kerry will tell veterans in Ohio that President Bush's troop withdrawal plans are misguided, aides say.	0 1
1	Deal by congressmen to overhaul intelligence system disintegrates  Congress failed yesterday in its attempt to get legislation implementing the Sept. 11 commission #39;s terror-fighting recommendations to President Bush, but Republican leaders said they would try to press the effort later this year.	0
0	Straw at Arafat tomb as Sharon cancels meeting  Jack Straw pledged Britain #39;s support today for the smooth running of elections to replace Yassir Arafat as he laid a wreath on the tomb of the late Palestinian leader.	2
0	Fresh Ulster bid by Blair-Ahern  LONDON: The British and Irish prime ministers, Tony Blair and Bertie Ahern, made a new push yesterday to secure a power-sharing deal between the two largest and most hard-line parties in Northern Ireland.	3
1	Poll watch: Bush picks up steam in Midwest  WASHINGTON, Oct 29 (AFP) - President George W. Bush appeared to be making a move on Democratic turf in the country #39;s heartland but his challenger John Kerry fought hard in other key swing states ahead of Tuesday #39;s election, polls showed Friday.	0 1
0	Kerry zooms in on Bush economic record (AFP)  AFP - Democrat John Kerry, seeking to refocus his White House battle against George W. Bush, zeroed in on the president's economic record he called a litany of fiscal failure and favoritism for the rich.	0 1
0	N. Korean Nukes After S. Korea Takes Charge of Talks  President Roh Moo-hyun and US President George W. Bush agreed to resolve the North Korean nuclear issue in a peaceful and diplomatic way within the framework of the six-party talks.	0
1	Britain #39;s Blair Faces Poll Amidst Iraq Hostage Crisis  The anguish of a British hostage in Iraq hangs over Prime Minister Tony Blair on Thursday as he faces the twin test of a local election and a debate by his Labour Party about the divisive war.	3
3	Defense Stocks Rise on Bush Election Win  Defense stocks soared to 52-week highs Wednesday morning as George W. Bush was poised to make a speech accepting re-election, a situation promising continued spending on overseas warfare.	0
1	No Mideast peace deal yet: Palestinian official  JERUSALEM - A senior Palestinian official called reports of a Mideast peace agreement premature, but said Israelis and Palestinians have agreed on the logistics of the upcoming elections to replace Yasser Arafat.	2
1	Bush, Kerry in Wisconsin week before V-Day  GREEN BAY, Wis. - President Bush and rival Sen. John Kerry on Tuesday both began their campaign day in Wisconsin, but on opposite ends of the battleground state.	0 1
1	Urges nations to aid Iraq, promote rights  President Bush stood before an annual gathering of world leaders yesterday and forcefully defended his decision to invade Iraq, urging all 	0
1	Bush and Kerry in a down-to-the-wire  President George W Bush and Democratic rival Senator John Kerry campaigned to the finish line for today #39;s national election, each claiming to be the strong, steady leader needed in a time of terrorism.	0 1
0	Israel Kills Top Hamas Militant Ahead of Gaza Vote   GAZA (Reuters) - Israel killed the top bomb and rocket  maker of the Hamas Islamic militant group in a Gaza air strike  on Thursday, days before a key parliamentary vote on Prime  Minister Ariel Sharon's plan to quit the occupied strip.	4
0	Arafat in coma, spokeswoman says, denying reports of brain death  Doctors fought to keep Yasser Arafat alive as anxious Palestinian officials looked for ways to prevent unrest if their 75-year-old leader, said to be in a coma Friday, dies.	2
0	Bush Wants  #36;3.1 Billion for Hurricane Aid (AP)  AP - President Bush asked Congress for an additional  #36;3.1 billion Tuesday to help Florida and other states recover from the battering they endured from recent hurricanes.	0
0	US diplomats take cautious line as they wait for news  WASHINGTON -- American Middle East diplomacy, nearly dormant during the final months of the presidential campaign, sprung into action yesterday as State Department and White House officials grappled with how the United States should respond in the event of the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat.	2
1	Mary Cheney, say something  The Bush and Kerry girls are on the campaign trail, telling family tales aimed at giving us a glimpse of the private men - the fathers -ighting for the White House.	1
1	Troop vote a blow to PM  British Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s attempts to focus his party #39;s annual conference on domestic issues received a setback yesterday when delegates backed moves to force a vote on a British troop pull-out of Iraq.	3
0	Shrinking Battlefield Changes Strategies  WASHINGTON - An electoral battlefield map half its original size is prompting President Bush and challenger John Kerry to alter their campaign strategies and reallocate resources in the home stretch to the Nov. 2 election...	0 1
0	Iran Rejects Kerry #39;s Nuclear Proposal  Iran has dismissed a proposal by US presidential candidate John Kerry, that Tehran be provided nuclear fuel if it agrees to give up its fuel-making capabilities.	1
0	Rivals debate leadership, value of moral certitude (Chicago Tribune)  Chicago Tribune - Whether Sen. John Kerry won the debate with President Bush Thursday night is an open question that voters will decide, but he almost certainly won a chance for a second look.	0 1
0	Bush APEC visit not glitch-free  SANTIAGO, Nov 21 (AFP) - During his first visit to Chile, US President George W. Bush rescued a bodyguard scuffling with local security and -- with a slip of the tongue -- moved Iraq #39;s newly announced elections from January to June.	0
1	CBS arranged for meeting with Lockhart  CBS arranged for a confidential source to talk with Joe Lockhart, a top aide to Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry, after the 	1
0	Bush Seeks Security Chief As Kerik Exits (AP)  AP - The White House renewed its search for a homeland security chief Saturday as the candidate President Bush thought ideal apologized for an immigration problem involving a family housekeeper that forced him to withdraw.	0
1	Tons of explosives gone missing: whose fault?  In a story headlined  quot;Bombshell for Bush, quot; The Independent calls news that nearly 380 tons of explosives went missing from an Iraqi weapons base after the war  quot;a massive pre-election embarrassment for the Bush administration.	0
1	Arafat #39;s Illness Could Force Bush to Focus on Middle East  Description: Although most of the second term plans articulated by President Bush have focused on domestic issues, a post-Arafat era could force President Bush to put Middle East peace back on the White House agenda.	0 2
1	Blair: I did not deceive over Iraq  LONDON, England -- British Prime Minister Tony Blair has rejected calls to apologize for the way his government presented intelligence on Iraq #39;s weapons programs before the war.	3
0	Unofficial Iowa Totals Show Bush Win (AP)  AP - President Bush defeated Democrat John Kerry in Iowa by roughly 10,000 votes  #151; or less than 1 percent of the 1.5 million ballots cast, according to unofficial election results.	0 1
0	Blair Calls for World to Unite  Prime Minister Tony Blair tried to bridge the trans-Atlantic rift over Iraq, urging a  quot;fractured, divided and uncertain quot; world to unite in the wake of President Bush #39;s election victory.	0 3
1	Soldier, Militant Die in Resurgence of Gaza Fighting  An Israeli soldier and a Palestinian militant were killed in Gaza Tuesday in a resurgence of violence that could threaten efforts to instil calm for a Palestinian election for a successor to Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Bush signs global anti-Semitism law (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush said he had signed into law a bill requiring the State Department to monitor global anti-Semitism and rate countries annually on their treatment of Jews.	0
1	CBS Says Dick Thornburgh, Louis Boccardi to Investigate Report  CBS News said it hired former Pennsylvania Governor Dick Thornburgh and retired Associated Press Chief Executive Officer Louis Boccardi to review its report about President George W. Bush #39;s National Guard service.	0
0	Bush Fights Emotion, Scowls in Debate (AP)  AP - President Bush smirked and winked and chuckled to himself. He jumped from his stool, chopped at the air and interrupted the debate moderator. As he fought to keep his emotions in check in a testy, personal debate with Sen. John Kerry, the president asserted, "That answer almost made me scowl."	0 1
1	Document Experts Say They Warned CBS of Doubts  A document expert retained by CBS News for the disputed  quot;60 Minutes quot; story on President Bush #39;s National Guard record said yesterday that she had warned the program that the memos involved  quot;had 	0
0	Palestinians Anxious Over Arafat's Health (AP)  AP - Palestinians expressed sorrow and anxious at the thought of a future without Yasser Arafat, wondering if his departure would bring a bloody power struggle, a rise of militancy or peace talks with Israel.	2
1	Bush acknowledges toll war taking on military  Camp Pendleton -- On a gray wintry morning at this huge Southern California Marine base, President Bush offered an unusually sober assessment Tuesday of the war in Iraq, acknowledging that the insurgency is getting worse, that newly trained Iraqi soldiers 	0
1	UPDATE 1-Bush says no payroll tax hike for Social Security  President George W. Bush on Thursday ruled out raising payroll taxes to help pay for Social Security reform, a transition experts have estimated will cost  $1 trillion to  $2 trillion.	0
1	Claims Arafat died of AIDS  A FORMER speech writer for George W. Bush has claimed Yasser Arafat died of AIDS. Former presidential aide David Frum, famous for coining the phrase  quot;axis of evil quot;, says the world has shown 	0 2
0	Bush: No apology, no retreat on Iraq  UNITED NATIONS - President Bush unapologetically defended his decision to invade Iraq and asked skeptical world leaders on Tuesday to do more to help secure and rebuild the country.	0
1	Weakened Arafat Heads for France, Cancer Suspected  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, weakened by what doctors think may be leukemia, flew for treatment in France on Friday from the besieged West 	2
1	Bush, Kerry Trade National Security Barbs  President Bush rolls up his shelves as he is introduced at a campaign rally at the Richland Center High School, Tuesday, Oct. 26, 2004 in Richland Center, Wis.	0
0	In Gaza, It's Settler Against Settler  It has been a rough couple of months for Merav Cohen, a Jewish settler and mother of three who has broken ranks with her neighbors to support Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's plan to close the settlements, withdraw the troops and get out of the Gaza Strip.	4
0	Bush to Survey Storm Damage in Fla. Again (AP)  AP - President Bush is making his fourth trip to vote-rich Florida to see damage from the latest of four hurricanes to strike the state in six weeks.	0
1	Avoid conservatives: Avoid socially conservative speeches that <b>...</b>  Amid a tight election contest and reminders of Sept. 11, 2001, the Republican National Convention opens in New York with a script designed to portray President Bush as a warrior against terrorism and a centrist with a forward-looking domestic plan.	0
0	Palestinians Set Jan. 9 For Vote  Palestinian officials scheduled presidential elections for Jan. 9, 2005, pushing forward with steps to a secure a new leader following the death of Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Bush Ready to Accept GOP Nomination  NEW YORK - The four-day Republican National Convention comes to a close Thursday with a speech by President Bush that will touch off a two-month dash to the finish line in a nation that seems as closely divided now as it was four years ago.    Last night, Vice President Dick Cheney and convention keynoter Sen...	0
1	Research Flawed on Key AIDS Medicine  Weeks before President Bush announced a plan to protect African babies from AIDS, top US health officials were warned that research on the key drug was flawed and may have underreported thousands 	0
0	In Harshest Critique Yet, Kerry Attacks Bush Over War in Iraq  Senator John Kerry said he would not have invaded Iraq when President Bush did, and the president answered with a sharp rebuke.	0 1
0	Bush: Terrorists May Plan More Attacks (AP)  AP - Denying he has painted too rosy a picture of Iraq, President Bush said Thursday he would consider sending more troops if asked, but Iraq's interim leader firmly said they weren't needed. Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld suggested parts of Iraq might have to be excluded from elections in January.	0
0	Kerry Win Would Trigger Fierce Senate Race (AP)  AP - If John Kerry is elected president, Massachusetts would end up with its first Senate vacancy in 20 years, triggering a springtime special election that could determine the balance of power in Congress' upper chamber.	1
0	Putin says terror attacks in Iraq target Bush #39;s re-election bid  Russian President Vladimir Putin said Monday that terrorists are aiming to derail President Bush #39;s chances at re-election through their attacks in Iraq.	0
0	CVN Fog of War Glance (AP)  AP - Claims and counter-claims by Vietnam veterans about John Kerry's military record:	1
1	Under Scrutiny  Sept. 8, 2004 - Sen. John Kerry has faced a lot of questions for several weeks about the medals he won in the Vietnam War. For opponents of President Bush, it #39;s payback time.	0 1
0	Sharon seeks evacuation of Gaza settlements at one time  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon took a step further with his disengagement plan Monday, saying he wants to evacuate all Gaza Strip settlements at one time instead of the previously claimed four stages.	4
1	The odd couple: NYC and GOP convention  With his cowboy hat, oversized Bush button and slow, easy way of speaking, Wayne Turner is every inch the Texan. The self-described  quot;country boy quot; and  quot;drug store rancher quot; from 	0
0	Palestinian leaders fight Arafat circle for control  RAMALLAH, West Bank -- Open conflict erupted yesterday between Yasser Arafat's personal inner circle and his would-be political heirs over who should have access to the gravely ill Palestinian leader and who will control the financial and political power he wielded for decades.	2
0	Putin Says Terrorists in Iraq Hope Attacks Will Oust Bush  President Vladimir V. Putin said Monday that international terrorists in Iraq hoped their attacks would unseat President Bush in the election next month, and that such an outcome 	0
0	Budget row endangers Sharon #39;s coalition  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s shaky coalition faces collapse in a row over the 2005 Budget, raising the prospect of early elections that would endanger his plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip.	4
0	Israel's Top Court Upholds Dropping of Sharon Case   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  on Thursday won a final reprieve from criminal prosecution in a  bribery scandal that had threatened to topple him and derail  his plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip.	4
0	Miller to Honor Swift Boat Vets' Group (AP)  AP - For one night only, it'll be spitballs and Swift Boats together on the same stage  #151; a who's who of Sen. John Kerry bashing.	1
0	Baffling bulletins from the muqata  All morning they emerged from Yasser Arafat #39;s prison with assurances that the ageing revolutionary was not done for yet. Hanan Ashrawi, the former peace negotiator, revealed that  quot;the president quot; had managed to keep down a breakfast of cornflakes and milk.	2
0	Sharon Vows to Expand Gaza Raid, Toll Hits 55   GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon vowed  on Sunday to expand an offensive in Gaza that has killed 55  Palestinians until militants stop firing rockets into Israel.	4
0	Arafat Ailing, Palestinian PM Seeks Unity (AP)  AP - Seeking calm and unity, Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia asked militant factions to refrain from attacks inside Israel, an Israeli newspaper reported Sunday, as the Palestinians awaited word on their critically ill leader, Yasser Arafat.	2
0	AP Poll: Bush Holds Slight Lead on Kerry  WASHINGTON - President Bush opens the fall campaign with a slight lead over Democratic Sen. John Kerry, an Associated Press poll shows, as voters express growing confidence in the direction of the country and the performance of the incumbent...	0 1
0	Sharon Predicts  #39;Breakthrough #39; in Ties With Palestinians  Next year could bring a  quot;historic breakthrough quot; in Israel #39;s relations with the Palestinians, a buoyant Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel said today, insisting 	4
1	Kerry hits Bush for  #39;colossal failures of judgment #39; in Iraq  NEW YORK - John Kerry issued a scathing and pointed criticism Monday of President Bush #39;s Iraq policies, saying Bush had repeatedly misled the American public and had compiled  quot;a long litany of misjudgments with terrible consequences.	0 1
1	Bush Pledges New Aid for Colombia #39;s Struggle  President Bush pledged new aid on Monday for Colombia in a show of solidarity for a key ally, President Alvaro Uribe, in his campaign against Marxist guerrillas and drug trafficking.	0
1	Why Kerry is the choice  GEORGE W. BUSH campaigned as a  quot;compassionate conservative quot; and won the presidency by the narrowest of electoral margins.	1
0	Blair lands in US for Bush talks  Tony Blair arrives in the US to become the first foreign leader to meet George Bush since his re-election.	3
0	N.Korea Says Met U.S. Officials, No Nuclear Progress   SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea made clear on Saturday it  would not return to six-party talks on its nuclear programs  until President Bush assembled his new team and Washington  decided its policy toward Pyongyang.	0
1	CBS: We Were Duped  The man who gave CBS (search) documents that have fueled a firestorm of controversy over President Bush #39;s Vietnam-era Texas Air National Guard (search) service has admitted that he deliberately 	0
1	Kerry Sharply Criticizes Bush #39;s Record on the Economy  na tough-worded, focused attack, Senator John Kerry lashed out at the Bush administration today over tax policy, jobs, the economy and health care.	1
1	Bush beats bin Laden to win Turner prize  George W. Bush #39;s home town in Texas has beaten Osama bin Laden #39;s villa in Afghanistan to land one of the best-known and controversial art prizes.	0
0	Blair Congratulates Bush on Re-Election  Prime Minister Tony Blair renewed his pledge to work with President Bush on the war on terrorism and to revitalize the Middle East peace process Wednesday, expressing hope that the 	0 3
0	Defiant Sharon vows Gaza pullout  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has said he will complete his plan to disengage from Gaza next year, despite losing a key coalition partner.	4
1	Key events in Yasser Arafat #39;s life  * Aug. 4, 1929: Born in Cairo, Egypt, fifth child of Palestinian merchant Abdel Raouf al-Qudwa al-Husseini. * Jan. 1, 1965: Forms Fatah guerrilla movement, which would become the core group of the Palestine 	2
0	Hunt protesters hit Brighton  Pro-hunt demonstrators have dumped animal carcasses and women have gone topless amid noisy protests outside Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s Labour Party conference.	3
1	Bush Urges Nuclear Controls at APEC Summit  Description: President Bush calls for a halt in the nuclear programs of North Korea and Iran. Meeting with Pacific Rim leaders in Santiago, Chile, the president also urged Russia #39;s President Vladimir Putin to adhere to democratic principles.	0
1	Sharon is shaken by loss on budget vote  JERUSALEM Prime Minister Ariel Sharon lost an important budget vote Wednesday in Parliament that imperils his government but does not quite collapse it.	4
0	Palestinian Leader Yasser Arafat Dies at 75  Yasser Arafat, the leader for decades of a fight for Palestinian independence from Israel, has died at a military hospital in Paris, according to news reports.	2
0	Muslims Give Kerry Qualified Endorsement (AP)  AP - Major American Muslim groups gave what they called a "qualified endorsement" Thursday to Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry, urging Muslims to vote for him while calling his platform on civil rights inadequate.	1
0	Yassir Arafat leaving the West Bank last week  Yassir Arafat has been rushed to intensive care in a Paris military hospital after his condition seriously deteriorated, Palestinian officials said today.	2
0	Sharon Invites Labor Party Into Coalition  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon speaks to reporters after casting his ballot at the Likud party meeting in Tel Aviv, Israel, Thursday, Dec. 9, 2004.	4
0	Israelis, Palestinians at Odds Over U.S. Election   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - If Israeli settler Rachel Saperstein  could decide the outcome of the U.S. election, President Bush  would beat Democratic challenger John Kerry by a landslide.	0 1
0	Israel strikes before Gaza vote  ISRAEL killed two Islamic Jihad militants in the Gaza Strip yesterday as Ariel Sharon and his cabinet finalised a bill to withdraw from Gaza.	4
0	Harrowing footage shows Hassan pleading for her life  Margaret Hassan, the kidnapped British aid worker, appeared in a new and harrowing video yesterday, weeping and asking Tony Blair to save her life by halting the deployment of British 	3
1	Bush Says Kerry Has  #39;Election Amnesia #39;  President Bush said Sen. John Kerry had  quot;election amnesia quot; that caused him to shift his stance on Iraq, as the president sought to fire up his conservative base 	0 1
1	Doctors to consider sending ailing Palestinian president to <b>...</b>  Doctors attending to Yasser Arafat will decide in the next few hours whether to take the ailing Palestinian leader to a hospital. Our correspondent, Jane Hutcheon, says two teams of doctors from Egypt and 	2
1	Bush deploys dreaded L word against Kerry in bid to cut debate <b>...</b>  President George Bush criticized Senator John Kerry as a liberal trying to hide from his own record Thursday as the two men entered the last, post-debate lap of a close race for the White House.	0 1
1	Israeli Labour party could clinch coalition deal with Sharon  #39;in <b>...</b>  Israel #39;s opposition Labour party began talks with Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Likud party yesterday about joining its coalition - a partnership aimed at promoting a military withdrawal from Gaza.	4
1	WHouse praises Snow but silent on his future  The White House on Monday called Treasury Secretary John Snow an  quot;outstanding member quot; of President George W. Bush #39;s economic team but declined to say whether Bush wants him to stay on.	0
1	Hey, Bush, Kerry: Forget the zingers, try leveling with us  I confess. I #39;m one of those people scorned by political wonks and talk-radio types alike. In a world where everyone is so certain of their position, so sure that their candidate can cure what ails us, I #39;m the one on the fence.	0 1
0	Cahill, Rove Lead Presidential Campaigns (AP)  AP - Karl Rove is a smooth, jovial political operative with a Texas-honed reputation as a ruthless competitor and three George W. Bush victories under his belt. Mary Beth Cahill is a daughter of Boston's rough-and-tumble ward battles who just last year brought her no-nonsense organizational skills to Democratic opponent John Kerry's camp.	0 1
0	Gore Campaign Declined Bush Guard Story (AP)  AP - Former Vice President Al Gore's presidential campaign heard but did not pursue allegations about George W. Bush's Air National Guard service, similar to the information in discredited documents aired by CBS News this month, a former campaign official said Tuesday.	0
1	Arafat may find peace  THE approaching death of Yasser Arafat will throw most Palestinians into mourning but breathe new life into the failed Middle East peace process.	2
0	Daschle in Tough, Costly Election Fight (AP)  AP - In the nation's most dramatic  #151; and most expensive Senate race  #151; Minority Leader Tom Daschle of South Dakota is scrambling to maintain his political life in a state where Republicans say the Democrat is out of touch with people in a state that solidly supports President Bush.	0
0	Kerry Says Bush Plan Could Lead to Draft  There is a "great potential of a draft" to replenish U.S. forces in Iraq if President Bush wins a second term, Democratic challenger John Kerry said on a campaign stop in Iowa...	0 1
0	Bush declines to back beleaguered Annan  George Bush pointedly declined to support the United Nations secretary general yesterday after the head of a Senate committee investigating multibillion-dollar abuse of a 	0
1	Bush Picks Spellings to Lead Education Department  President Bush promoted Margaret Spellings, his domestic policy adviser, on Wednesday to serve as Education secretary. She will replace departing secretary Rod Paige if she wins Senate confirmation.	0
1	UK Can #39;t Hold Terror Suspects Indefinitely  British Prime Minister Tony Blair, left, takes the arm of Home Secretary David Blunkett, with his seeing eye dog, Sadie, in Sheffield, England, in this Thursday, Dec. 9 2004, file photo.	3
0	US Presidential rivals linked by World Series baseball ties (AFP)  AFP - One week before the US Presidential election, political rivals George W. Bush and John Kerry have a new reason to keep an eye on this up-for-grabs state -- baseball's 100th World Series.	0 1
0	Chirac ridicules  #39;special relationship #39; with US  Jacques Chirac has scorned Britain #39;s special relationship with America, saying Tony Blair had little to show for his support for the US in Iraq.	3
0	Abbas, Barghouthi Running Even in Palestinian Poll   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Former Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas  and jailed grassroots leader Marwan Barghouthi are  neck-and-neck in the Palestinian presidential election race to  replace Yasser Arafat, an opinion poll showed Monday.	2
3	Rather Quitting as CBS Anchor in Abrupt Move  The move came two months after Dan Rather acknowledged flaws in a report on President Bush's National Guard service.	0
0	Northern Ireland parties talk tough ahead of Blair-Ahern summit (AFP)  AFP - Northern Ireland's political leaders return to the negotiating table this week alongside Prime Minister Tony Blair and Irish counterpart Bertie Ahern, with hardline parties vowing to use  quot;no surrender quot; tactics that could scupper the peace effort.	3
0	Palestinian Committee Given Report on Arafat Death (Reuters)  Reuters - Yasser Arafat's nephew on Saturday handed a medical report to a Palestinian committee investigating the cause of the Palestinian leader's death at a French hospital on Nov. 11.	2
3	Bush Signs Into Law Debt Ceiling Increase (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush on Friday signed into law a measure authorizing an  #36;800 billion increase in the credit limit of the United States, the White House said.	0
0	Yasser Arafat #39;s health suddenly worsens  Yasser Arafat #39;s health appears to have suddenly deteriorated, and a team of doctors has rushed to the Palestinian president #39;s bedside.	2
0	Blair #39;s party urges a shift in focus from Iraq to domestic issues  BRIGHTON, England Top aides to British Prime Minister Tony Blair are urging his party not to let the war in Iraq derail their annual convention and election hopes.	3
1	Bush Expands Powers of CIA Chief  The head of the US Central Intelligence Agency will have broad new powers under a plan by President Bush to streamline intelligence gathering in an era of terrorist threats.	0
1	Palestinian officials: Arafat era is over  Palestinian officials close to Yasser Arafat, who is being treated for illness in Paris, told CNN Saturday they have reached the conclusion that the era of Arafat as Palestinian leader is over.	2
1	America #39;s big worry  US President George Bush and Sen. John Kerry gave Americans pretty much what the public expected in the first presidential debate.	1
0	Sharon Says Israel Could Coordinate Gaza Pullout   HERZLIYA, Israel (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  said Israel was ready to coordinate its Gaza withdrawal plan  with a future Palestinian government and said that could open  the way for a broader peace agreement.	4
1	Bush courts Wisconsin Democrats in farm visits  DUBUQUE, Iowa President George W. Bush took the last bus tour of his campaign through rural stretches of Wisconsin, urging Democrats to split with their party and rely on him to save their farms and keep the country secure.	0
1	Palestinian delegation cancels Arafat visit  A planned trip by Palestinian leaders to visit ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat at a French hospital has been postponed, Palestinian officials confirmed Monday.	2
0	Caricom, Bush and Arafat  By rickey singh. SOME of our Caribbean Community Heads of Government as well as the Community Secretariat may well have reflected, in their condolence messages, the admiration of the peoples of the Caribbean 	0 2
1	Who Is Alberto Gonzales?  Alberto Gonzales, President Bush #39;s White House general counsel during his first term, is President Bush #39;s choice to replace John Ashcroft as attorney general, sources say.	0
0	Congress Members Seek Officer's Dismissal (AP)  AP - A group of congressional Democrats is asking President Bush to dismiss a senior military intelligence officer who made church speeches that included inflammatory religious remarks while discussing the war on terrorism.	0
1	Bush Adviser Lays Under Air Force One  McGUIRE AIR FORCE BASE, N.J. - Karl Rove laid himself on the line Monday for his boss, the president of the United States.  That is, he laid himself under the wheels of Air Force One. Reason: Unclear, but it seems to have been an inside joke between Rove and President Bush. 	0
3	Jobs, tax cuts key issues for Bush  President Bush says himself there #39;s still work to be done to keep the economy growing. But when the Republicans gather next week in New York for their national convention, much of 	0
1	UK hostage Bigley murdered in Iraq  A video grab shows Britain #39;s Prime Minister Tony Blair making a statement from his countryside residence Chequers in Buckinghamshire, southern England October 8, 2004.	3
1	Kerry Lashes Out at Republican Convention Criticism  Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry spoke at a late night rally Thursday, timed to begin right after President Bush #39;s address marking the end of the Republican National Convention.	0 1
0	Bush Defends Iraq War in Second Debate  ST. LOUIS - In a debate rematch Friday, President Bush defended his invasion of Iraq and said "I wasn't happy when we found there weren't weapons" that prompted his administration to go to war against Saddam Hussein...	0
0	Kerry says he will use Bush debate to counter Republican distortion (AFP)  AFP - Democratic presidential hopeful John Kerry admitted that the Bush campaign has run a successful campaign portraying him as indecisive but said he would use a looming presidential debate to set the record straight.	0 1
1	Kerry Slams Cost of Iraq War  Images: President Bush, walking and waving; Kerry speaking; factory workers; Kerry with a mother and her son; an elderly couple. Video: A new advertisement by the Kerry-Edwards campaign is the first ad in 	0 1
1	Blair and Musharraf meet to discuss war on terror  Prime Minister Tony Blair and Pakistan #39;s President Gen. Pervez Musharraf meet Monday for talks set to be dominated by the fight against terrorism and the search for peace in the Middle East.	3
0	Palestinians Want U.S. to Help With Vote (AP)  AP - Palestinian leaders pressed the United States on Sunday to persuade Israel to remove troops from urban areas in a step aimed at ensuring smooth elections for replacing the late leader Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Bush, Kerry Teams Work on Debate Agreement  NEW YORK - Negotiators for President Bush and Sen. John Kerry are working on a final agreement for the presidential debates that both sides hope will give them an edge in the final weeks of the campaign...	0 1
1	Bush and Kerry woo Florida voters  US presidential contenders George W Bush and John Kerry are fighting to win over voters in Florida, the US state which narrowly decided the 2000 polls.	0 1
0	Britons Prefer Kerry to Bush for World Safety  A large majority of Britons think a US election victory for John Kerry is the best outcome for global security, according to a poll in a Sunday newspaper.	0 1
3	Bush Econ Team to Undergo Gradual Changes   WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Bush, who swiftly  reshuffled his foreign policy team on Tuesday, is planning a  more gradual overhaul of his top economic staff, people close  to the White House said.	0
0	N. Korea, Iran: Twin Nuke Troubles  (CBS/AP) President Bush is insisting Iran will not develop a nuclear weapon on his watch. North Korea is insisting it is well on its way to doing so.	0
0	Official: FARC Sought Bush Assassination  Colombia's main rebel group asked followers to mount an assassination attempt against President Bush during his visit to Colombia last week, Defense Minister Jorge Uribe said. There was no evidence Saturday that rebels even tried to organize such an attack.	0
0	Control of US Senate hinges on handful of hard-fought contests (AFP)  AFP - A handful of nail-biter contests could flip control of the US Senate to the Democrats in the November 2 election, while the House of Representatives is expected to remain firmly in the grasp of George W. Bush's Republican Party.	0
2	Redskins Lose, So Kerry Should Win  John Kerry (website - news - bio) supporters have a welcome omen for their candidate: The Green Bay Packers defeated the Washington Redskins (website - news) on Sunday.	1
0	Arafat favored successor makes bid for peace  ISN SECURITY WATCH (15/12/04) - Palestinian Liberation Organization (PLO) leader Mahmoud Abbas - the favored candidate to succeed late Palestinian Authority president Yassir Arafat, has made a bid for peace with Israel, calling on Palestinian militant 	2
0	Click refresh for updates  Tony Blair faces MPs today for the first time since the launch of the US-led assault on Falluja and the death of four members of the Black Watch just south of Baghdad.	3
0	The Terror Threat Continues  Despite some success, President Bush must continue to confront extremists 	0
1	Arafat #39;s widow given medical files  The widow of the late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat has picked up his medical records from the Paris hospital where he died November 11, and was reviewing the information, her lawyers said.	2
0	Bush, Hu discuss North Korea, Taiwan (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush and Chinese President Hu Jintao discussed Beijing's exchange rate policy, Taiwan, and efforts to defuse the North Korean nuclear crisis, the White House said.	0
0	Militants vow to avenge Arafat death  Militants convinced Israel poisoned Yasser Arafat have vowed revenge attacks on the Jewish state and warned the new Palestinian leadership against any compromise as Arafat was brought home for burial.	2
1	Parliament Speaker Rues Sharon Policy  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, right, surrounded by an unprecedented number of bodyguards walks inside the Knesset, Israel #39;s parliament, in Jerusalem Wednesday Oct. 20, 2004.	4
0	Fox Hunt Protests to Give Blair Election Headache   LONDON (Reuters) - Fox hunters furious at a ban on their  ancient pursuit vowed on Friday to harass Prime Minister Tony  Blair's government with a civil disobedience campaign in the  run-up to next year's expected British election.	3
1	Courting the Small-Business Owner  John Kerry woos them, but perhaps not enough. George W. Bush does too, and even Laura Bush. Even so, small-business owners rarely make headlines as a political target group even 	0
0	Report: Bush Spent Nearly  #36;46M in July (AP)  AP - A fresh wave of ads pushed President Bush's spending to nearly  #36;46 million for July, the Republican's highest level since he launched the first ad blitz of his re-election campaign in March, a campaign finance report filed Friday shows.	0
0	Israel Says Removal of Arafat 'Closer Than Ever'   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel threatened again on Thursday  to "remove" Palestinian President Yasser Arafat.	2
1	Democrats step up attacks on Bush #39;s military record  WASHINGTON : George W. Bush and his White House challenger John Kerry traded shots over Iraq as the Democrats stepped up their attacks on the president #39;s military record and fitness to command for four more years.	0 1
0	President to Consider Changes for New Term (washingtonpost.com)  washingtonpost.com - President Bush said yesterday that he will spend the weekend considering changes in his  Cabinet for his second term, feeding speculation inside and outside the White House over shake-ups in key agencies in coming weeks.	0
0	Blair Enters Hospital for Heart, Seeks One More Term (Update1)  UK Prime Minister Tony Blair was admitted to a London hospital today for an operation to correct a heart flutter. Announcing the treatment late yesterday, Blair committed to serving a 	3
0	Kerry Learning to Wield Humor As Weapon (AP)  AP - "Heavens to Betsy," it's hard to believe that the John Kerry of U.S. Senate stiff-speak is out there on the campaign trail tossing off homespun phrases, and even a joke or two.	1
0	Bush Touts U.S.-Backed Anti-Drug Efforts (AP)  AP - President Bush aims to highlight the benefits of American drug-fighting aid in Colombia and boost a conservative Latin American leader with a brief, security-laden stop in the Andean nation.	0
1	Jailed uprising leader Barghouti will seek Palestinian presidency  Jailed uprising leader Marwan Barghouti has decided to run for Palestinian Authority president in a Jan. 9 election, seeking to succeed the late Yasser Arafat 	2
0	PLO Has Successfully Promoted Its Cause, Author Says  The death of PLO leader Yasser Arafat does not mean Israel will be able to make peace with the new Palestinian leadership, because the old guard -- backed by the same 	2
0	Bush to Visit NATO, EU on Feb. 22 -- Diplomats   BRUSSELS (Reuters) - President Bush will visit NATO and the  European Union on Feb. 22 in a move to rebuild transatlantic  relations at the start of his second term, European NATO  diplomats said on Thursday.	0
1	PLO chief calls again for end to armed intifada  Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas reiterated calls for his people to drop their weapons in the struggle for a state. a clear change of strategy for peace with Israel after Yasser Arafat #39;s death.	2
1	Bush and Kerry prepare for final debate  President George W. Bush and Democratic Senator John Kerry are set to meet in a final debate that could give one of the White House rivals 	0 1
0	AP: Lawsuit Gets Bush Guard Papers Out  WASHINGTON - President Bush ranked in the middle of his Air National Guard flight class and flew 336 hours in a fighter jet before letting his pilot status lapse and missing a key readiness drill in 1972, according to his flight records belatedly uncovered Tuesday under the Freedom of Information Act.    The Pentagon and Bush's campaign have claimed for months that all records detailing his fighter pilot career have been made public, but defense officials said they found two dozen new records detailing his training and flight logs after The Associated Press filed a lawsuit and submitted new requests under the public records law...	0
3	Brown and Blair unite on EU reform  Tony Blair and Gordon Brown closed ranks yesterday to warn their EU allies that Europe must move further and faster towards economic reform if it is to help sustain the global recovery as oil prices rise.	3
1	Rumsfeld dodges question over whether to remain in new Cabinet  US Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld on Monday brushed aside a question over whether he intends to remain in the Cabinet during President George W. Bush #39;ssecond term, saying 	0
1	Protesters twice disrupt Blair #39;s speech at Labor #39;s conference  Protesters have twice disrupted British Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s speech at his ruling Labor #39;s annual conference in Brighton, southern England, as thousands of pro-hunt campaigners 	3
0	France #39;s American problem  PARIS -- US diplomats here respond to Jacques Chirac #39;s continued Yankee-bashing following George W. Bush #39;s re-election by saying the French president is out of step with his people, who are not nearly that anti-American.	0
0	Bush Wants Cargo Planes to Aid Sudan (AP)  AP - President Bush on Monday told the Pentagon to make two U.S. transport planes available to aid African peacekeeping forces seeking to end a humanitarian crisis in the Darfur region of western Sudan.	0
1	Text of letter to President Bush  Former Sen. Max Cleland on Wednesday attempted to deliver a letter to President Bush at his ranch in Crawford, Texas, asking him to publicly condemn recent attack ads on Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry.	0 1
0	Palestinians Pour Out Grief Over Arafat's Death   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinians streamed into  the streets of the West Bank and Gaza Strip on Thursday in an  outpouring of grief over the death of Yasser Arafat, the  enduring symbol of their nationalist cause.	2
1	British leader defends war amid sinking ratings  Prime Minister Tony Blair, skirting a direct apology, acknowledged to his Labor Party Tuesday that intelligence used to justify the invasion of Iraq was wrong, but insisted 	3
0	Israel's Sharon Accuses Far-Right of Inciting War (Reuters)  Reuters - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon accused far-rightists on Sunday of trying to incite civil war over his plan to withdraw from the occupied Gaza Strip and called for measures to curb such groups.	4
0	Bush Hopes Peace Comes to Palestinians (AP)  AP - President Bush says he hopes Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat's death will clear the way for successful Mideast peace negotiations with new Palestinian leaders.	0 2
0	Tributes to Arafat led by Blair  Tony Blair pays tribute to Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat after his death in a French hospital aged 75.	2
0	Bush Confronts New Challenge on Issue of Iran  President Bush is confronting what could become the biggest challenge of his second term: how to contain Iran's nuclear program.	0
0	Nephew: Arafat #39;s Death May Have Been  #39;Unnatural #39;  RAMALLAH, West Bank -- Yasser Arafat #39;s nephew says the former Palestinian president #39;s death may have been  quot;unnatural, quot; fueling speculation in the Arab world that he was poisoned.	2
1	Potential troubles make repeat of 2000 election a possibility  Four years after the most controversial presidential election in modern US history -- when Florida kept the nation waiting 36 days to find out George W. Bush was elected by 537 votes -- many 	0
0	Ailing Rehnquist Plans to Swear in Bush (AP)  AP - Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist, suffering from thyroid cancer and absent from the bench for seven weeks, still plans to preside at President Bush's inauguration on Jan. 20, a Supreme Court spokeswoman said Friday.	0
1	Polls: Europe Negative on Bush Re-Election  International resentment of the United States has spilled over to include bad feelings for the American people, too - at least in three European countries that opposed US policies in Iraq.	0
1	Bush visits hurricane victims  FORT PIERCE, FLA. -- The search for ice, water and food for millions of hot and weary Floridians overshadowed a visit yesterday by President George W. Bush, who promised more aid for the state pummelled by back-to-back hurricanes.	0
0	White House Looks for New Security Chief (AP)  AP - The White House renewed its search for a homeland security chief Saturday as the candidate President Bush thought ideal apologized for an immigration problem involving a family housekeeper that forced him to withdraw.	0
0	Putin: Insurgents hoping to swing US election  DUSHANBE, Tajikistan - Russian President Vladimir Putin said yesterday that insurgent attacks in Iraq were aimed at blocking President George W. Bush #39;s re-election, a statement seen as an indication Putin favors Bush in the upcoming vote.	0
1	Straw holds talks in West Bank  British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw has pledged support for the smooth running of elections to replace Yasser Arafat as he laid a wreath on the tomb of the late Palestinian leader.	2
0	Cairo hosting Arafat funeral  A military funeral for the Palestinian President, Yasser Arafat, will be held in the Egyptian capital, Cairo this morning. After the funeral President Arafat #39;s coffin will be flown by helicopter to Ramallah for burial.	2
1	Transcript: Bush Selects Johanns for Agriculture Secretary  President Bush nominated Mike Johanns to serve as agriculture secretary. A transcript of the announcement follows. I am pleased to announce my nomination of Governor Mike Johanns to be the secretary of agriculture.	0
0	Sharon to Present Gaza Timetable to Mutinous Party   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  intends to present a timetable for withdrawal from Gaza to  lawmakers from his Likud Party Tuesday despite a mutiny in the  right-wing bloc over the plan.	4
0	Shin Bet tightens protection of prime minister, parliament ahead <b>...</b>  Israel #39;s Shin Bet service on Wednesday surrounded Prime Minister Ariel Sharon with an unprecedented number of bodyguards and bolstered protection for lawmakers ahead of a parliamentary vote next week on the planned withdrawal from the Gaza Strip.	4
0	Arafat #39;s health worsening, aides in Paris say  Speaking from France, Palestinian officials say leader Yasser Arafat took a turn for the worse late Wednesday. He #39;s been in a Paris hospital since last Friday.	2
0	Bush Looking at Cutting Domestic Spending (AP)  AP - The White House is telling federal agencies to expect lean budgets next year, with congressional aides and lobbyists saying President Bush appears ready to propose freezing or even slightly cutting overall domestic spending.	0
0	Colombian Rebels Planned to Kill President Bush  <p></p><p> BOGOTA, Colombia (Reuters) - President Bush was targetedfor assassination by Colombia's biggest Marxist rebel groupthis week when he visited the Caribbean port city of Cartagena,a top Colombian official said on Saturday.</p>	0
0	Bush, Annan Spar Over Iraq War at U.N. (AP)  AP - After two years, the United States and the United Nations had hoped to take the spotlight off the bitterly divisive war in Iraq. It didn't happen. At the opening of the U.N. General Assembly, President Bush and U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan sparred over the war that can't escape the headlines.	0
1	Bush Intends to Repair Ties to EU  Looking to improve transatlantic ties strained by the war in Iraq, US President George W. Bush has promised to visit Europe  quot;as soon as possible quot; after his inauguration in January.	0
0	Olson Predicts Firestorm for Next Justice (AP)  AP - Despite Republican gains, President Bush's picks for potential vacancies on the Supreme Court will face "political firestorm" in the Senate, the Bush administration's former chief lawyer at the high court said Thursday.	0
0	Bush and Kerry on Attack in Swing States (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush condemned Democratic Sen. John Kerry on Tuesday for "scare tactics" on issues like Social Security and the flu vaccine, while Kerry hammered Bush's leadership on the economy and the war on terror.	0 1
1	Dead or Alive - Conflicting Reports on Arafat #39;s Condition  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is still alive according to French doctors treating him, though Israeli media is reporting Arafat has died.	2
0	Bush to press APEC leaders on N. Korea  North Korea #39;s nuclear aspirations, allies #39; worries about the US budget deficit and hopes for global trade deals will be on the agenda this weekend as President Bush attends 	0
1	Israeli Woman Killed in Attack on Gaza Settlement  A Palestinian mortar bomb slammed into a house in a Jewish settlement in the Gaza Strip on Friday, killing a woman and fueling settler anger over Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to pull Israelis out of the area.	4
1	Dems Target Maryland-Based Sinclair Over Anti-Kerry Movie  BALTIMORE -- The Democratic National Committee filed a complaint Tuesday over a Maryland broadcast company, claiming that the company is bending the rules to smear Sen. John Kerry and help President George W. Bush.	0 1
0	Kerry to Appear on Letterman on Monday (AP)  AP - Sen. John Kerry will probably avoid the "Will it Float?" routine but might opt to deliver the "Top 10 List" when he appears on the "The Late Show with David Letterman" on Monday.	1
0	Ailing Arafat Going to Paris; Mideast Is Uneasy  The Palestinian leader's mysterious ailment has seriously weakened him and plunged Palestinian politics into turmoil.	2
1	Democrat Kerry Slams Bush for  #39;Excuse Presidency #39;  Democratic candidate John Kerry blasted George W. Bush #39;s  quot;excuse presidency quot; on Wednesday and demanded that he take responsibility for the economy instead of playing victim.	0 1
0	White House Plans Push for Intel Overhaul (AP)  AP - Former members of the Sept. 11 commission met Tuesday with Vice President Dick Cheney, and President Bush planned talks with leaders of Congress in an attempt to gain passage for an intelligence reorganization bill this year.	0
0	Bush and Kerry Put on a Lively Show  NEW YORK - Friday's rematch between President Bush and John Kerry proved to be a livelier affair, and a more revealing show, than their first debate.    The big difference, of course, was the town-hall format that surrounded the two candidates with 140 voters, some of whom got to ask the questions they had brought...	0 1
0	Bush campaign calls Kerry campaign complaint to FEC "frivolous" (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush's re-election campaign launched a preemptive defense against a complaint by Democratic challenger John Kerry that a group attacking Kerry's Vietnam war record had illegal ties to the Bush campaign.	0 1
1	ABC News Bush Signs Intelligence Overhaul Bill  President Bush speaks at the White House Conference on the Economy at the Ronald Reagan Center, Thursday, Dec. 16, in Washington. (AP Photo/Ron Edmonds).	0
0	Arafat's Health Reported to Improve  Doctors were arriving from Arab countries to treat the ailing Yasir Arafat at his West Bank compound today, though associates said his condition was stable.	2
1	France ready to hand over Arafat file to next of kin  PARIS, Nov 19 (AFP) - France #39;s defence ministry said Friday the medical file on recently deceased Palestinian Authority president Yasser Arafat was ready and would be handed over to his next of kin  quot;without delay quot;.	2
0	Blair presses Sudanese govt to end Darfur crisis  Prime Minister Tony Blair, left, meets with Sudanese President Omar el-Bashir at the palace in Khartoum, Sudan Oct. 6. Blair began his three-day visit to Africa by pushing for an end to the ethnic conflict in Darfur.	3
3	Markets surge on oil drop, election  Wall Street bounded higher for the second straight day yesterday as investors reveled in sharply falling oil prices and the probusiness agenda of the second Bush administration. The Dow Jones industrials gained more than 177 points for its best day of 2004, while the Standard  amp; Poor's 500 closed at its highest level since early 2002.	0
1	Treasury Deputy to Lead Energy  President Bush nominated Deputy Treasury Secretary Samuel W. Bodman yesterday as his second secretary of energy, tapping an administration veteran to lead the Energy Department at a time 	0
0	Cheney, Miller Unleash Rage Against Kerry  NEW YORK - Vice President Dick Cheney unleashed a stinging attack on Sen. John Kerry Wednesday night, ridiculing him as a politician who has made a career out of changing his mind...	1
2	Bush and Trojans Likely Secure Orange Bowl Berth  Reggie Bush had two long touchdown runs and Southern California virtually locked up a trip to the Orange Bowl to play for the B.C.S. title.	0
1	Bush counts on Rice to  #39;unstick #39; problems  WASHINGTON - President George W. Bush has a nickname for Condoleezza Rice, his choice as the next secretary of state:  quot;The unsticker.	0
0	Israel's Sharon Wins Crucial Likud Vote -Official   TEL AVIV (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's  Likud party voted on Thursday in favor of his bid to bring the  opposition Labour party into government, officials said.	4
1	Kerry slow to energize black vote  John Kerry was making promises the other day. That African-Americans would not be deprived of their votes. That his  quot;voter protection dream team quot; would make sure of it.	1
2	Bush Inks Bill to Halt Steroid Precursors (AP)  AP - President Bush on Friday signed legislation that would curtail sales of steroid precursors and seek to stiffen penalties for offenses involving anabolic steroids.	0
0	Bush Urges End to Campaign Ads by Independent Groups (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush said on Monday advertisements by independent groups attacking Democrat John Kerry's service in Vietnam should be stopped along with all other ads run by independent groups.	0
1	Snow to stay at Treasury  WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) - John Snow will remain as Treasury secretary in President Bush #39;s administration, administration officials said Wednesday.	0
0	 #39;It was just enough. For now #39;   quot;Tony Blair #39;s conference speech ... his 10th as leader of the Labour party, demonstrated why he is still the political conjuror of the day.	3
0	Arafat #39;s Health Has Worsened  RAMALLAH, West Bank - Yassir Arafat #39;s failing health is the number one topic in the Mideast today, and sources say his is getting worse.	2
1	Candidates #39; last-minute strategies  Sparring cross-country about who can better protect America, Democrat John Kerry urged supporters yesterday to reject President George W. Bush #39;s scare tactics and  quot;vote your 	0
0	Palestinians vote for reforms; fear Arafat inaction  Palestinian legislators voted yesterday to back an anti-corruption reform package, but feared nothing would come of it as President Yasser Arafat was withholding his stamp of approval.	2
0	Israel allows Arafat to leave compound for medical treatment  Israel decided on Monday to allow Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat to leave his Ramallah compound and receive medical treatment in a hospital in the West Bank city.	2
1	Nephew refuses to rule out Arafat was poisoned  PARIS: Yasser Arafats nephew refused to rule out on Monday that the late Palestinian leader had been poisoned, even though French doctors said they found no trace of any known poison in the body of the 75-year-old.	2
3	UPDATE 1-Bush touts tax cuts, aide acknowledges  #39;soft patch #39;  US President George W. Bush said on Saturday his tax cuts were working to lift growth but a senior aide acknowledged that the economy hit a  quot;soft patch quot; over the last six or eight weeks.	0
0	Bush works for peace in Northern Ireland  CRAWFORD, Texas President Bush says he #39;ll do  quot;anything quot; he can to help keep the Northern Ireland peace process moving forward.	0
1	Britons can vote on treaty in 2006  Tony Blair has given himself until the spring of 2006 to win round a sceptical British public to a new European constitution, which was signed amid pomp 	3
1	Focus shifts to what happens after Arafat death  Global attention remains focused on Yasser Arafat -- not so much on when he will die, but what will happen afterwards, including the contentious issue of his burial site, and the future of mideast peace.	2
0	Democrat Kerry Slams Bush's 'Excuse Presidency' (Reuters)  Reuters - Democratic candidate John Kerry unleashed a harsh indictment of President Bush's economic stewardship on Wednesday and urged his Republican rival to take responsibility instead of playing the victim.	0 1
1	Democrats query official Ohio poll  DEMOCRATIC Senator John Kerry #39;s party will investigate polling in the crucial state of Ohio after official US election results today confirmed President George W. Bush won there by less votes than first thought.	0 1
0	CBS Defends Report on Bush Guard Memos  WASHINGTON - CBS News mounted an aggressive defense Friday of its report about President Bush's service in the Air National Guard, with anchor Dan Rather saying broadcast memos questioned by forensic experts came from "what we consider to be solid sources."   On Friday's "CBS Evening News," Rather said that "no definitive evidence" has emerged to prove the documents are forgeries. "If any definitive evidence comes up, we will report it," Rather said...	0
1	Bush urges baseball to  quot;address ... serious problem quot; of steroids  WHITE HOUSE President Bush is joining the chorus of those who want Major League Baseball to crack down on steroid use. Press Secretary Scott McClellan says the president is calling on baseball players and owners to  quot;address this serious problem.	0
0	Blair faces demands to apologize over Iraq war  Prime Minister Tony Blair faced growing demands Wednesday to apologize for the way his government handled intelligence on Iraqi weapons of mass destruction as it built a case for war.	3
0	Kerry comment about Cheney daughter may have backfired (AFP)  AFP - John Kerry has come under renewed criticism for raising the case of Mary Cheney, the lesbian daughter of Vice President Dick Cheney, during a presidential debate.	1
1	Sudden change is inevitable  The death or long-term incapacitation of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat will be a turning point in Middle East history. It could suddenly remove an obstacle to peace or unleash a bloody power struggle among Palestinians factions.	2
1	Cabinet shuffle welcome: Three departures create opportunities  Throughout President Bush #39;s first term, only one Cabinet member - Treasury Secretary Paul O #39;Neill - resigned. After such a prolonged period of stability, it #39;s not surprising that the weeks following Bush #39;s 	0
1	CBS Insists Anti-Bush Memos Accurate (Reuters)  Reuters - Slammed by all sides, from high-ranking Republicans to rival networks, CBS News vowed on Wednesday to answer questions about the authenticity of documents it aired in a story challenging President Bush's military service during the Vietnam War.	0
1	Round 1 to Kerry at fight night in Miami  MIAMIThe view began to congeal before the clock struck midnight Thursday and by the early morning hours yesterday, the instant polls, the cable yakkers and the Internet bloggers had sealed the deal.	1
0	Choose Arafat Successor Who Will Work for Peace  By the News-Register. Clearly, the Palestinian people need to select a new leader, replacing Yasser Arafat. In doing so they have an opportunity to achieve something that Arafat himself has blocked for many years - peace with Israel.	2
1	John Kerry Pitches a Different Vision for Iraq  ASHINGTONWhile many voters think John Kerry and George Bush follow pretty much the same policy when it comes to Iraq, the Democratic candidate distanced himself from the president in Thursday night #39;s debate.	1
0	Mugabe: Bush Acts Like 'Political God' (AP)  AP - Zimbabwe leader Robert Mugabe on Wednesday warned of world dominated by one superpower, accusing President Bush of acting like a "political god" and calling British Prime Minister Tony Blair "his prophet."	0 3
1	Bush names new homeland security chief  Former New York police commissioner Bernard Kerik, who was at the site of the World Trade Centre minutes after the first plane hit on September 11, 2001, has been nominated 	0
1	Italy release raises British hopes  The brother of a British engineer kidnapped in Iraq said he was encouraged by the release of two Italian aid workers held hostage in the country for three weeks, while Prime Minister Tony Blair said the British government was 	3
1	Changing for the Better -- or Worse?  Throughout a two-day conference on the economy, President Bush and his allies extolled the virtues of his tax cuts and  quot;pro-growth quot; policies, which they said have lifted the nation from 	0
1	Celebs Aiding Anti-Bush Web Campaign (AP)  AP - "Bourne Supremacy" star Matt Damon, "Lost in Translation" actress Scarlett Johansson and other celebrity artists are donating their talents  #151; not just their cash  #151; to an online effort to unseat President Bush.	0
1	Bubba #39;s back, Kerry #39;s got him  In a blizzard of confetti and a storm of cheers, Bill Clinton walked back onto the political stage in Philadelphia yesterday to tell Americans that good times will return if they give John Kerry his old job.	1
0	Sharon Approves 1,000 Settlement Homes in W.Bank   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  has approved building tenders for 1,000 new homes in Jewish  settlements in the West Bank frozen earlier to avoid upsetting  the United States, political sources said on Thursday.	4
0	Kennedy to Hit Campaign Trail for Kerry (AP)  AP - Sen. Edward M. Kennedy, often credited with giving a boost to John Kerry's presidential campaign, is launching a seven-week election drive for his Massachusetts colleague that will pair fund raising and travel with a barrage of speeches condemning President Bush's policies.	0 1
0	Israel #39;s Netanyahu lifts resignation threat  JERUSALEM - Israeli Finance Minister Benjamin Netanyahu announced on Tuesday he was lifting his threat to resign over Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s refusal to put a Gaza pullout plan to a national referendum.	4
0	In Arafat #39;s absence  THROUGH THE different stages of his life as chief of Fatah, chairman of the Palestine Liberation Organization, and president of the Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat #39;s one consistent principle has been to keep the reins of power wrapped tightly around 	2
0	Bush Defends Iraq War Despite Report Finding No Illicit Arms  President Bush conceded today that Iraq did not have the banned weapons he had warned of, but insisted that "we were right to take action."	0
1	Kerry Says Bush Snubbing Science, May Cost Lives  Democratic challenger John Kerry on Monday broadened his attack on President Bush to include stem cell research when he accused his rival of ignoring science that could 	0 1
1	Cause of Arafat #39;s death uncertain, nephew says  PARIS Yasser Arafat #39;s death remained a mystery Monday when his nephew said he could not rule out that the Palestinian leader had been poisoned.	2
0	Arafat #39;s ultimate failure was that he never dared to let go of the <b>...</b>  Yasser Arafat died as he lived: amid confusion, intrigue and farce. His fatal ailment was described first as a stomach flu, then an unknown blood disorder or liver condition and, finally, a brain haemorrhage.	2
0	Bush, Kerry Tied in White House Race-Reuters Poll (Reuters)  Reuters - Democratic Sen. John Kerry pulled into a statistical dead heat with President Bush in a seesawing battle for the White House, according to a Reuters/Zogby poll released Monday.	0 1
0	Edwards Criticizes Bush on Foreign Policy (AP)  AP - Democratic vice presidential candidate John Edwards accused President Bush's administration Monday of making the nation less secure by miscalculating U.S. foreign policy. The attack was aimed at giving Democrats a voice on the opening day of the Republican National Convention in New York.	0
1	TV Networks Break Rules for Bush-Kerry Debate (Reuters)  Reuters - U.S. television networks refused to play by rules restricting camera angles and reaction shots during the presidential debate and that may have given a boost to John Kerry, analysts said on Friday.	1
0	Kerry fires off new attack on missing Iraq weapons (AFP)  AFP - Democratic challenger John Kerry unleashed a new attack on President George W. Bush on Tuesday over a huge cache of deadly high explosives missing in Iraq.	0 1
3	Bush win not a cure-all for stocks  The market may have been relieved over the resolution of the presidential race, but investors should be careful about rushing into sectors they think might do well in the second Bush administration: All may not be as it seems.	0
0	Palestinian Icon Yasser Arafat 'Very Sick'   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian leader Yasser  Arafat is "very, very sick" and the ex-guerrilla who for  decades symbolized a struggle for statehood is slipping in and  out of consciousness, officials and medics said on Thursday.	2
0	Abbas Set to Win Palestinian Vote (Reuters)  Reuters - Moderate Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas's chances of winning a presidential election to replace Yasser Arafat appeared to be sealed after his main rival Marwan Barghouthi pulled out of the race.	2
1	Sharon Expresses Optimism for Upcoming Year  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Thursday that 2005 will be  quot;a year of great opportunity quot; in which Israel will have unprecedented chances to make peace with the 	4
0	Israeli Ministers Approve Settler Compensation   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's  security cabinet approved cash advances Tuesday to entice Gaza  settlers to evacuate voluntarily, boosting his plan to get out  of the Palestinian territory despite far-right opposition.	4
1	Round Two to Kerry again  SENATOR John Kerry edged ahead of President George W. Bush after Round Two of the US presidential debate, which was marked by sharp exchanges over the Iraq war, homeland security and the economy.	0 1
1	Arafat #39;s Feud With Israel May Outlive Him  Yasir Arafat has feuded with Israel throughout his adult life and now, it appears, the quarrel will continue with his death. Mr. Arafat, who remained in a coma at 	2
1	W.House Gives Rumsfeld New Vote of Confidence  The White House gave a new vote of confidence on Friday to Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld amid growing criticism of him from members of President Bush #39;s own Republican Party.	0
1	Bush defends Iraq war again  US President George W. Bush on Wednesday defended again the American invasion of Iraq, saying  quot;the path to safety is the path of action.	0
1	Bush Presidency Marked by War on Terror and Iraq  George W. Bush #39;s presidency was meandering along until the Sept. 11 attacks gave it a purpose, and his vigorous response, drawing world praise that dissipated over his 	0
1	Bush Order Extends CIA Director #39;s Reach  President Bush issued a new order on Friday enhancing the powers of the director of central intelligence, but the White House said that new legislation was still needed 	0
0	Blair tribute to Black Watch dead  Prime Minister Tony Blair pays tribute to the three British soldiers killed by a suicide bomber in Iraq.	3
1	Kerry on Iraq: Wrong War, Wrong Place, Wrong Time  Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry on Monday called the invasion of Iraq  quot;the wrong war in the wrong place at the wrong time quot; and said his goal was to withdraw US troops in his first White House term.	1
1	Moore Planning "Fahrenheit" Sequel  Director Michael Moore is planning to pick up where his hit documentary "Fahrenheit 9/11" left off. Tentatively titled "Fahrenheit 9/11 1/2," the sequel will revisit the same issues - President Bush, Iraq, and terrorism. "Fifty-one percent of the Ameri...	0
1	Chance for Mideast peace  It would be a huge mistake to say that the late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat was the only obstacle to peace in the Middle East, but it is an undeniable fact that his death has resurrected, like nothing else could have, prospects for peace between 	2
0	CBS Apologizes Over Bush Guard Duty Memos  NEW YORK - CBS News apologized Monday for a "mistake in judgment" in its story questioning President Bush's National Guard service, claiming it was misled by the source of documents that several experts have dismissed as fakes.    The network said it would appoint an independent panel to look at its reporting about the memos...	0
0	Bush on top ahead of Republican convention, despite Iraq, economic woes (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush campaigned in Florida ahead of his party's convention, on top in the polls but battered by negative economic news and a situation in Iraq he admits he miscalculated.	0
0	Kerry Promotes Expanded Stem Cell Research  HAMPTON, N.H. - John Kerry said Monday that President Bush has sacrificed hopes for disease cures offered by stem cell research to "extreme right-wing ideology."   The Democratic presidential candidate, with actor and activist Michael J...	0 1
0	Kerry Warns of Privatized Social Security  WASHINGTON - Massachusetts Sen. John Kerry accused President Bush on Sunday of planning a surprise second-term effort to privatize Social Security and forecast a "disaster for America's middle class."   Republicans denied the charge as scare tactics with little more than two weeks remaining in a tight election...	0 1
1	Bush Gains Solid Lead Over Kerry After Convention  President Bush emerged from his New York convention with a solid lead over Democratic challenger John F. Kerry, strengthening his position on virtually every important issue in 	0 1
1	Palestinians granted free movement  Secretary of State Colin Powell said yesterday that he won Israel #39;s agreement to permit freedom of movement for Palestinians when they hold elections for a successor to Yasser Arafat in January.	2
0	Bush asks defence chief to stay  US Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld accepts a request from President Bush to say in his job, a senior official said.	0
0	Bush, Cheney Concede Saddam Had No WMDs  WASHINGTON - President Bush and his vice president conceded Thursday in the clearest terms yet that Saddam Hussein had no weapons of mass destruction, even as they tried to shift the Iraq war debate to a new issue - whether the invasion was justified because Saddam was abusing a U.N. oil-for-food program...	0
0	Sharon Invites Labor Party Into Coalition (AP)  AP - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon invited the Labor Party into his governing coalition on Friday, a day after winning approval from the ruling Likud Party to bring its traditional rival back into the government, a Labor spokesman said.	4
0	White House says US investigating missing explosives in Iraq  US President George W. Bush has directed to investigate the missing of powerful explosives from one of Iraq #39;s most sensitive former military installations and the US-led 	0
0	New US MidEast role in post-Arafat era  Refusing to talk to PA Chairman Yasser Arafat has been a cornerstone of US Middle East policy since President Bush, in June 2002, called on the Palestinians to choose new leadership not tainted by terrorism.	0 2
1	Dick Morris  As the campaign enters its final week, it settles into the pattern that events have preordained from the outset. President Bush is pushing terror as his key issue, while Sen. John Kerry focuses on everything but.	0 1
1	President to Consider Changes for New Term  President Bush said yesterday that he will spend the weekend considering changes in his Cabinet for his second term, feeding speculation inside and outside the White House over shake-ups in key agencies in coming weeks.	0
1	Leavitt: new job  Ex-Utah governor nominated to head HHS <b>...</b>  WASHINGTON - Former Utah Gov. Mike Leavitt might be going from the frying pan into the fire with the announcement Monday that President Bush wants him to move from administering the Environmental Protection 	0
1	Election 2004: Bush, Kerry go on the attack with ads  President Bush claims John Kerry doesn #39;t known what his position is on the war, while the Democrat accuses Bush of having no plan in Iraq -ueling television ads setting the 	0 1
0	Kerry Challenges Bush on Terror Policies  NASHVILLE, Tenn. - In a sharply worded challenge to President Bush, Democratic Sen...	0 1
0	Blair lists demands on the situation in Darfur  Prime Minister Tony Blair held talks with Sudanese leadership, pressuring him to end what he described as the  quot;terrible quot; situation in the war-torn region of Darfur.	3
0	Israel may encourage moderate Palestinians  The United States has reported encouraged Israel to help strengthen the position of moderate Palestinians in the wake of Yasser Arafat #39;s death.	2
0	Nephew suggests Arafat #39;s death unnatural  Yasser Arafat #39;s nephew said Saturday his uncle may have died an  quot;unnatural quot; death, a statement certain to renew speculation among Palestinians 	2
1	Palestinians meet, show solidarity  Senior Palestinian figures gathered at Yasser Arafat #39;s battered West Bank compound on Saturday to show that the Palestinian leadership was still functioning.	2
1	Bush, Kerry Make Most of Last Campaign Day  Democratic presidential candidate Sen. John Kerry , of Massachusetts, speaks to supporters at a rally Sunday night, Oct. 31, 2004, in Tampa, Fla.	1
0	Israeli cabinet backs Sharon plan to quit Gaza  The cabinet of Ariel Sharon, the Israeli prime minister, has voted to pay compensation to Jewish settlers who will lose their homes if his plans to disengage from Gaza go ahead.	4
0	Sharon abandons  #39;road map #39;  Israel will not follow the  quot;road map, quot; Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said in an interview published yesterday, acknowledging that he is casting aside the US-backed peace plan for now, even as Washington insists it is still valid.	4
1	Fear  amp; loathing with 45 days left  YOGI BERRA said,  quot;It ain #39;t over till it #39;s over. quot; John Kerry slumped with voters and political cognoscenti. In usually blue New Jersey, John Kerry #39;s lead fell from 20 points to 4. Media focused on shakeup in Kerry lineup.	1
1	Week 3: Kerry firms up support among once-undecided voters  A  quot;hung jury quot; of Pennsylvania voters who were undecided in the presidential contest two weeks ago reshuffled their positions after Friday night #39;s debate, with Sen. John Kerry seeming to solidify his support.	1
1	Is Mary Cheney a gay pawn? Her father can answer that  If the scandal was about John Kerry and gay porn, that would be one thing. But John Kerry and a gay pawn? Now that #39;s something completely different.	1
1	Israel #39;s Sharon Wins Crucial Likud Vote -Radio  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Likud party voted on Thursday in favor of his bid to bring opposition Labour into government, averting an election and boosting his Gaza pullout plan, initial results showed.	4
1	Iraq Likely to Overshadow British Labor Party Conference  Britain #39;s involvement in Iraq is likely to overshadow the annual conference of Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s Labor Party, despite the British leader #39;s efforts to shift the focus to domestic issues.	3
0	Memos: Bush Refused Order While in Guard  WASHINGTON - Addressing questions that have lingered for years, newly unearthed memos state that George W. Bush failed to meet standards of the Texas Air National Guard during the Vietnam war, that he refused a direct order and that his superiors were in a state of turmoil over how to evaluate his performance after he was suspended from flying...	0
1	Palestinian national dialogue meeting starts in Gaza  The first meeting of national dialogue between the Palestinian National Authority (PNA) and various factions started in Gaza Monday evening in less than one week after Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s death.	2
0	Palestinians Look to Future Without Arafat  A day after Yasser Arafat was buried, Palestinians began taking stock of a future without the man who led their fight for independence, while Europe and the US look at ways to revive the stalled peace process.	2
1	UK Prime Minister Blair Warmly #39; Congratulates President Bush  UK Prime Minister Tony Blair said he warmly congratulated #39; #39; US President George W. Bush on winning a second term, and urged him to revitalize the Middle East peace process.	0 3
0	Arafat  #39;Between Life and Death #39;  Yasser Arafat is hovering between life and death in a coma, Palestinian and French officials say. There was still no official public diagnosis yesterday to explain the Palestinian leaders critical condition.	2
0	Bush and Kerry Prepare to Meet in Their First Debate in Miami  In the hours before tonight's debate, President Bush comforted Floridians, while John Kerry got some last-minute advice.	0 1
0	Israel Kills Top Hamas Leader in Gaza Strike -Medics   GAZA (Reuters) - Israel killed a senior member of the Hamas  militant group and another gunman in an airstrike on their car  in Gaza on Thursday, days before a key parliamentary vote on  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's Gaza pullout plan.	4
0	Bush vows to back new democracies  President Bush says violence in Iraq and Afghanistan may increase ahead of elections there, but vows to persevere.	0
0	Kerry Hints GOP May Suppress Black Votes  WASHINGTON - John Kerry suggested Saturday night that Republicans may try to keep black voters from casting their ballots to help President Bush win in November.   "We are not going to stand by and allow another million African American votes to go uncounted in this election," the Democratic presidential nominee told the Congressional Black Caucus...	0 1
0	Arafat 'Very Sick,' Palestinian Leaders Summoned   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian President  Yasser Arafat's health has worsened sharply and he is slipping  in and out of consciousness at his besieged West Bank  headquarters, officials and medics said on Thursday.	2
0	News on a committee to succeed Arafat denied, vagueness over his <b>...</b>  News was contradictory over the Palestinian President Yasser Arafat formation of a tripartite committee as a precaution for any emergency because of his deteriorated health condition which is vague.	2
1	British Iraq hostage makes fresh plea  British hostage in Iraq Kenneth Bigley made a fresh plea Wednesday to British Prime Minister Tony Blair to work on securing his release.	3
0	Confident Bush Outlines Ambitious Plan for 2nd Term  President Bush said he would begin work immediately on his proposal to overhaul Social Security.	0
3	Bush Picks Kellogg CEO for Commerce  President Bush on Monday chose Carlos Gutierrez, the Cuban-born CEO of Kellogg Co (KN: Quote, Profile, Research) , as his nominee to be commerce secretary, his second selection of a Hispanic for a second-term Cabinet.	0
1	Israel #39;s Sharon says he will co-ordinate Gaza pullout with <b>...</b>  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said in an interview published Sunday that he is ready to co-ordinate Israel #39;s planned withdrawal from the Gaza Strip to take advantage of new opportunities created by the death of Yasser Arafat.	2 4
3	Presidential election effect on stocks is stuff of legends  Throughout history, who moves in and who moves out of the White House has moved stocks on Wall Street. With the neck-and-neck presidential race between President Bush and John Kerry nearing the 	0 1
0	Palestinians ready to assume responsibilities in Gaza: Arafat aide  GAZA CITY, Oct 27 (AFP) - The Palestinian Authority is ready to assume its responsibilities in the Gaza Strip after an Israeli pullout, Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s chief advisor said Wednesday.	2
0	Little Saigon Voters Not Embracing Kerry (AP)  AP - In the teeming markets and cafes of Little Saigon, generational changes and misgivings over his policies have weakened President Bush's support among Vietnamese-Americans. Still, few are embracing his Democratic challenger, Sen. John Kerry.	0 1
0	Nephew Suggests Arafat #39;s Death Unnatural  Yasser Arafat #39;s nephew said Saturday his uncle may have died an  quot;unnatural quot; death, a statement certain to renew speculation among Palestinians and in the rest of 	2
1	Arafat #39;s health worsening, say reports  Israeli television says Palestinian President Yasser Arafat #39;s health had deteriorated. It said it was quoting Palestinian sources but gave no details.	2
0	Kerry-Bush rules of engagement leave little room for debate (AFP)  AFP - Officially the US presidential election is not a war, but Republicans and Democrats have drawn up what looks suspiciously like rules of engagement for the televised debates between George W. Bush and John Kerry.	0 1
3	Bush hasn #39;t decided on tax reform-Treasury #39;s Snow  WASHINGTON, Aug 20 (Reuters) - President George W. Bush has not decided on whether wholesale changes to the US tax code would be a focus of administration policy if he won a second term, US Treasury Secretary John Snow said on Friday. 	0
0	World leaders hope for fresh start with Bush  With a few notable exceptions, world leaders #39; reaction to George W. Bush #39;s electoral victory has been muted. As he declared victory on Wednesday afternoon, Bush said he is proud of his active international 	0
0	Bush, Kerry Press for Women's Votes (AP)  AP - Elizabeth Burnosky is a registered Democrat who voted for President Bush in 2000, opposes his policy on Iraq and calls Sen. John Kerry "a little wussy boy." Call her conflicted.	0 1
1	Senate Chairmanship in Question for Specter  Description: Republicans are under pressure to deny Sen. Arlen Specter (R-PA) chairmanship of the committee that considers President Bush #39;s judicial nominees, after Specter said Supreme Court nominees who 	0
0	Dyke reopens WMD row  Former BBC chief Greg Dyke has reopened the row over Tony Blair #39;s decision to go to war with Iraq. Dyke was forced to resign from his post, along with former BBC chairman Gavyn Davies, last January after Lord 	3
0	Kerry: Bush Has Secret Troop Call-Up Plan  BOSTON - Democratic presidential challenger John Kerry said President Bush has a secret plan to call up more National Guard and Reserve troops immediately after the election, an allegation that the Bush campaign called "false and ridiculous."   Kerry issued the charge while campaigning Friday in Albuquerque, N.M., as he criticized the president of glossing over a worsening conflict in Iraq.   "He won't tell us what congressional leaders are now saying, that this administration is planning yet another substantial call-up of reservists and Guard units immediately after the election," Kerry said...	0 1
0	N. Korea, Iran: Twin Nuke Troubles  (CBS/AP) President Bush is insisting Iran will not develop a nuclear weapon on his watch. North Korea is insisting it is well on its way to doing so.	0
1	Arafat Has Exhaustion, #39; Condition Is Satisfactory, Aides Say  Yasser Arafat is suffering from exhaustion, #39; #39; his aides said, as teams of doctors were brought to his headquarters in the West Bank amid reports the 75-year-old Palestinian leader is critically ill.	2
0	Political leaders begin final negotiations to overcome <b>...</b>  This is the moment of decision for the Irish peace process. That was how British Prime Minister Tony Blair described it yesterday, and the feeling was shared by all the Stormont political leaders.	3
1	Yearender: Mideast peace roadmap reaches dead-end in 2004  Looking back at the major events that took place in the Middle East in 2004, the death of veteran Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is undoubtedly a world-shaker.	2
1	Michael Moore Urges Democrats to Embrace Hollywood (Reuters)  Reuters - "Fahrenheit 9/11" director Michael Moore on Monday rejected the idea that Hollywood had hurt John Kerry's chances of winning the White House, insisting that he and other entertainers helped spare Democrats an even bigger defeat.	1
0	Responding to McCain, Bush Plans Legal Action on Ads (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush on Thursday sought to ease differences with ally Sen. John McCain by promising to take legal action to stop a wave of ads by outside groups, including those attacking the war record of Bush's presidential election rival John Kerry.	0 1
3	Bush Pledges to Address Weak Dollar, Cites Fed  President Bush said on Wednesday a renewed drive to cut US budget deficits should help the weak dollar and that Tuesday #39;s Federal Reserve interest-rate hike showed Alan 	0
0	President Asks for  #36;2B in Hurricane Aid (AP)  AP - President Bush will head to Florida on Wednesday to survey hurricane damage and the president is asking Congress to approve  #36;2 billion for "urgent needs" stemming from hurricanes Charley and Frances.	0
1	Bush Ratings Drop Among Uncommitted Voters, Annenberg Poll Says  President George W. Bush #39;s approval rating declined to 44 percent from 56 percent among undecided voters since the Republican National Convention, a poll by the University of Pennsylvania #39;s Annenberg Public Policy Center found.	0
0	Brother Confirms British Hostage Is Dead  BAGHDAD, Iraq - British hostage Kenneth Bigley, who pleaded tearfully last month for Prime Minister Tony Blair to meet his kidnappers' demands, was beheaded by his captors, his brother said Friday.   "We can confirm that the family has now received absolute proof that Ken Bigley was executed by his captors," Phil Bigley said in a statement he read on national television in Britain...	3
0	Political Ads Tailored to Local Issues (AP)  AP - In West Virginia mine country, television ads say President Bush has "broken his promise to invest in coal." In Wisconsin, voters see spots saying the factory state "has lost 84,000 manufacturing jobs" under the Republican. And Florida's large retiree population gets a commercial that claims Bush's policies have "banned Americans from buying low-cost drugs from Canada."	0
0	Palestinians Reject Sharon's Peace 'Test'   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - The Palestinian Authority  on Friday rejected Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's new  and seemingly softer terms for restarting peace talks, saying  he should drop all conditions for dialogue.	4
0	UK #39;s Blair, Italy #39;s Berlusconi Call for End of Najaf Fighting  Aug. 17 (Bloomberg) -- UK Prime Minister Tony Blair and Italy #39;s Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi called on Iraq #39;s new government to work toward a political solution to end fighting in the Muslim holy city of Najaf. 	3
0	Sharon Launches Debate on Gaza Plan  Supporters of the Jewish settlement movement demonstrate against Israel #39;s Prime Minister Ariel Sharon plan to remove settlements from the Gaza Strip, in front of Israel #39;s parliament, or Knesset, Monday Oct. 25, 2004.	4
0	Kerry: Bush Has Secret Troop Call-Up Plan  BOSTON - Democratic presidential challenger John Kerry said President Bush has a secret plan to call up more National Guard and Reserve troops immediately after the election, an allegation that the Bush campaign called "false and ridiculous."   Kerry issued the charge while campaigning Friday in Albuquerque, N.M., as he criticized the president of glossing over a worsening conflict in Iraq.   "He won't tell us what congressional leaders are now saying, that this administration is planning yet another substantial call-up of reservists and Guard units immediately after the election," Kerry said...	0 1
1	After Final Debate, The President Moves Back to His Base  President Bush wears the look of a man returning home after a very long day. His face is flushed, his arms loose at his side. The last debate is over, thank gosh.	0
0	Britain, Israel hold out prospect of Mideast talks  Britain and Israel today held out the prospect of a West Asia peace conference in London after the Palestinians elect a successor to Yasser Arafat on Jan. 9. Britains Daily Telegraph 	2
3	POLITICAL POINTS  3:33 PM Taking Care of Business  resident Bush will chalk up a victory on a contentious labor issue on Monday, but Democrats intend to work overtime to make him pay a political price.	0
1	Arafat #39;s Wife Lashes Out at Officials  A senior Palestinian delegation headed to France to see Yasser Arafat, but it was unclear whether they would have access to the ailing leader after the hospital restricted 	2
1	Senior Sharon aide says  #39;no Palestinian state #39;  JERUSALEM - The significance of Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip is to put the establishment of a Palestinian state on hold indefinitely, and do so with the permission of the United States, a senior Sharon aide said in a 	4
0	Blair eyes full 3rd term  LONDON: British Prime Minister Tony Blair was recovering Friday from surgery to correct an irregular heartbeat, a day after revealing that he intends to serve a full third term if re-elected.	3
0	Annan Tells Powell U.N. Will Aid Iraq Vote (AP)  AP - U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan, fending off Republican demands for his resignation over alleged corruption, said Thursday he will expand U.N. support for Iraqi elections if need be. He said he was not offended that President Bush did not ask to see him during this visit to Washington.	0
0	Democrats Criticize Bush's Corporate Ties (AP)  AP - Presidential nominee John Kerry and other Democrats are organizing a new line of attack against President Bush, accusing him of stacking the federal government with friends and donors who are gutting regulations on U.S. corporations.	0 1
0	Labor Memo Suggests Bush to Win Election (AP)  AP - Labor Department staff, analyzing statistics from private economists, report in an internal memo that President Bush is likely to do "much better" in Tuesday's election than the polls are predicting.	0
1	NBC Seeks to Avoid Another Election-Night Debacle (Reuters)  Reuters - Hoping to avoid a repeat of 2000's election-night disaster, NBC News brass on Wednesday outlined the steps the news division has taken to ensure accuracy in its coverage of what is expected to be a close contest between President Bush and his Democratic challenger, Sen. John Kerry.	0 1
1	Arafat wages final battle with Israel over burial site  RAMALLAH, West BankA dying Yasser Arafat is in the midst of a last historic battle with Israel, one he is not even well enough to know he #39;s waging.	2
1	Arafat Collapses As His Health Worsens  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat donates blood at Shifa Hospital in Gaza City in this Wednesday, Sept. 12, 2001 file photo. Yasser Arafat #39;s health worsened Wednesday Oct. 27, 2004 and a team of doctors went 	2
2	Bush Unlikely Heisman Trophy Finalist (AP)  AP - In some ways, Reggie Bush is the most unlikely Heisman Trophy finalist. He doesn't start for No. 1 Southern California, and ranks second on the team in rushing and receiving. He's a sophomore, and the previous winners have all been juniors or seniors. Finally, he's often been overshadowed by teammate Matt Leinart, also a finalist for the award.	0
1	Bush, Kerry gear up for first debate  US President Bush and Democratic rival Sen. John Kerry wrapped up debate preparations and headed for Florida on Wednesday, with Kerry promising the confrontation will reveal  quot;the truth quot; about the president.	0 1
3	Presidential election effect on stocks is stuff of legends  Throughout history, who moves in and who moves out of the White House has moved stocks on Wall Street. With the neck-and-neck presidential race between President Bush and John Kerry nearing the 	0 1
0	Vietnam Vets in Hanoi Back Kerry with T-Shirts (Reuters)  Reuters - With the U.S. presidential race taking a decidedly bitter turn over John Kerry's Vietnam war record, U.S. veterans in Hanoi are selling T-shirts supporting his run for the White House.	1
0	Bush Asks for  #36;2 Bln for Florida, to Visit State (Reuters)  Reuters - The White House asked Congress on Monday to approve  #36;2 billion in emergency funding for hurricane-battered Florida and said President Bush would visit the election battleground state on Wednesday.	0
0	First Lady Hailing Bush on Terror Fight  NEW YORK - Republican National Convention co-stars Laura Bush and Arnold Schwarzenegger were commending President Bush to the country Tuesday for four more years in office, praising him for unflinching leadership in a time of national testing. "I am so proud of the way George has led our country with strength and conviction" in the war on terror, the first lady planned to say...	0
1	Bush has trouble with the facts  IN THE second presidential debate George Bush performed far better than he had in the first debate. This, however, doesn #39;t mean the debate was a draw.	0
0	Bush leaves for overnight trip to Canada in effort to force closer ties (Canadian Press)  Canadian Press - WASHINGTON (CP) - President George W. Bush left early Tuesday for his first official visit to Canada since he was re-elected in an effort to forge friendlier ties.	0
0	New York bans rally against Bush  New York bans a huge rally against President Bush before the Republican Convention on environmental grounds.	0
1	Will the President Now Work For Greater National Unity?  When President Bush commented during his victory speech,  quot;A new term is a new opportunity to reach out to the whole nation, quot; he gave hope to the overwhelming majority of Americans who want the nation to return to an era of greater unity and less vicious 	0
1	He was a symbol of hope and failure  Yasser Arafat was a terrorist and a peacemaker, an imperfect visionary who served as father to an unborn nation. An impish man with a perpetual stubble and a protruding lower lip, he was 	2
0	House Ready to Send Bush Debt-Limit Hike (AP)  AP - Democrats accused Republicans of disastrous economic policies as Congress moved Thursday toward shipping President Bush an  #36;800 billion increase in the federal borrowing limit.	0
1	Bush, Kerry debate focuses on foreign policy  The first presidential debate and its focus on foreign policy and security gives both President George W Bush and Senator John Kerry opportunities to dig into each other #39;s record and patch their own weaknesses on Iraq.	1
3	Pay Go: What it means to US and India  A Pay-Go or Pay-as-you-Go means the government will spend only what it gets. This has been widely spoken about by US Presidential candidate John Kerry, in his campaigns.	1
0	Sharon offers calm in absence of Palestinian attacks  Israeli PM says his country Israel will  #39;maintain calm #39; in absence of Palestinian militants attacks. JERUSALEM - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Israel would  quot;maintain the calm quot; in the absence of attacks 	4
1	Egypt Agrees to Host Arafat Funeral  Egypt has agreed to host a funeral in Cairo for Palestinian President Yasser Arafat, who is in a Paris hospital where he suffered a brain hemorrhage, Egyptian and Palestinian officials said.	2
0	AP Poll: Bush Holds Slight Lead on Kerry  WASHINGTON - President Bush opens the fall campaign with a slight lead over Democratic Sen. John Kerry, an Associated Press poll shows, as voters express growing confidence in the direction of the country and the performance of the incumbent...	0 1
1	Adwatch: Bush slams Kerry health care plan  AIRING: National cable networks and select media markets in the 17 battleground states where Bush is on the air. Bush:  quot;I #39;m George W. Bush and I approve this message.	0 1
0	Sharon Wins Key Vote on Alliance for Gaza Plan   TEL AVIV (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  won a crucial Likud party vote on Thursday that will let him  bring opposition Labour into his shattered coalition and power  forward a plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip.	4
0	Two Anti-Kerry Vets Serve on VA Panel (AP)  AP - Two former Vietnam prisoners of war who appear in ads attacking Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry were appointed by the Bush administration to a panel advising the Department of Veterans Affairs.	1
1	COPLEY NEWS SERVICE  President Bush and challenger John Kerry enter the final 48 hours of their presidential campaigns with neither candidate able to take command of the race nationally or in the handful of states that stubbornly remain too close to call.	0 1
1	Polls go on a wild ride  Read the Gallup poll and you #39;ll see President Bush has a whopping 13-point lead over his Democratic rival, John Kerry among likely voters.	0 1
1	Qureia condemns Tel Aviv attack  Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia denounced Monday #39;s suicide attack in Tel Aviv, dismissing fears it might endanger Yasser Arafat #39;s return to Ramallah.	2
0	Middle East Stirrings  THE MONTH since Yasser Arafat #39;s death has seen an encouraging flurry of movement on all sides of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.	2
1	Local viewers: Cheney makes up for lost ground  Vice President Dick Cheney might have regained crucial ground lost by his boss, President George W. Bush, in last week #39;s presidential debate, according to Larimer County 	0
1	Second group of doctors finds Arafat has the flu  An Israeli Arab politician said Sunday that a second group of foreign doctors has determined Palestinian president Yasser Arafat is suffering from the flu.	2
0	Arafat May Have Hours to Live - Palestinian Source   PARIS (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat may have only hours to  live, a Palestinian source said after Palestinian leaders  discussed the president's health Tuesday with doctors who are  treating him at a French military hospital.	2
0	Optimism in London, carnage in Iraq  The second Iraq war, between coalition forces and insurgents, is now under way in what has become the  quot;crucible quot; of the global war on terrorism, Tony Blair declared yesterday 	3
0	Kerry says Vice President Cheney profited from Iraq war (AFP)  AFP - John Kerry's Democratic election campaign accused Vice President Dick Cheney of making money from the Iraq war through his links to the Halliburton company, in a new television advertisement.	1
1	Greg Latza / PeopleScapes for Newsweek  He may have won re-election and a majority in both houses of Congress, but George W. Bush shouldn #39;t expect a free ride on Capitol Hill.	0
1	Bush, Musharraf Emphasize Mideast Peace in Talks  President Bush emphasized Middle East peace in a meeting Saturday with Pakistan #39;s president and praised his ally #39;s efforts in the war on terrorism and the search for Osama bin Laden.	0
0	Bush warns Iran and Syria on Iraq  US President George W Bush says Iran and Syria should not interfere in Iraq in advance of January's elections.	0
1	Leavitt To Jump From EPA To HHS  (CBS/AP) President Bush will nominate Mike Leavitt, the current head of the Environmental Protection Agency, to be the new secretary of Health and Human Services, one of the last two openings in his Cabinet, government officials said.	0
3	Top Economic Adviser to Bush Is Leaving Post  The departure Tuesday of Stephen Friedman, who left Wall Street to assume one of the top economic posts in the White House as director of the National Economic Council, will open a key economic policy position just as President Bush begins his ambitious push to overhaul Social Security and the tax code.	0
2	Redskins #39; loss may be Kerry #39;s gain  John Kerry supporters got a welcome omen Sunday in the Green Bay Packers #39; 28-14 win over the Washington Redskins. According to NFL and political lore, if the Redskins win the last home game before Election 	1
3	The Bush team #39;s stealthy assault on tax policy  You have to say this for President Bush and his advisers: They are not a timid bunch. They went to war in Iraq with a bold plan to remake the Middle East.	0
1	N.Y. Candidate Seeks Springsteen Boycott (AP)  AP - Upset with Bruce Springsteen's effort to oust President Bush from the White House, the New York Conservative Party's candidate for the U.S. Senate is launching a "Boycott the Boss" television commercial.	0
0	Bush, Kerry Use Draft to Target Youth Vote  WASHINGTON - John Kerry says re-electing President Bush would create "the great potential of a draft." Not so, responds the incumbent: "The best way to avoid the draft is to vote for me."   The fact that both Bush and Kerry are on record opposing mandatory military service speaks volumes about the audience they're targeting with their dueling draft scares - young voters.    In an election where voter turnout is the great unknown, the voting rate and preferences of 18- to 30-year-olds may be the biggest wild card on Nov...	0 1
0	Sharon responds to Syrian offer  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has said he would be willing to meet Syrian President Bashar al-Asad under certain conditions.	4
0	Kerry Faults Bush for Pursuing Saddam  PHILADELPHIA - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry faulted President Bush on Friday for pursuing Saddam Hussein instead of Sept. 11 mastermind Osama bin Laden, a part of a Bush strategy he contended had made defeating terrorism more difficult...	0 1
0	Economists: Bush, Kerry Job Plans Lacking (AP)  AP - President Bush says his economic policies, including billions of dollars in tax cuts, are helping to create new jobs. But not the millions he promised. Democratic challenger John Kerry says 10 million new jobs would be added in his first term. Don't bet on that either.	0 1
1	Israeli-Palestinian conflict: major events  PARISThe death in a French military hospital of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat on Thursday marks the end of a particularly eventful chapter in the history of relations between Israelis and Palestinians.	2
1	Israel #39;s Labour Party raps Sharon aide #39;s remarks on pullout plan  Israel #39;s Labour Party lashed out Wednesday at a Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s aide who said the Gaza pullout plan was aimed at freezing the peace process.	4
1	Mammoth anti-Bush protest greets Republicans in New York  NEW YORK A roaring river of demonstrators surged through the canyons of Manhattan on the eve of the Republican National Convention in the city #39;s largest political protest in decades, a raucous but peaceful spectacle that pilloried George W. Bush and 	0
0	Blast Near Convoy of Palestinian Security Chief   GAZA (Reuters) - Moussa Arafat, cousin of Yasser Arafat and  a top Palestinian security chief, survived an apparent car bomb  assassination attempt in Gaza City on Tuesday in an attack that  signaled deepening internal faction fighting.	2
0	 #39;Mercenaries #39; attacked tent  Dubai - Former Palestinian security minister Mohammed Dahlan said on Monday that a  quot;gang of mercenaries quot; known to the Palestinian police were behind the shooting that resulted in two deaths in a mourning tent for Yasser Arafat in Gaza.	2
1	Tame Turner awarded  LONDON -- An artist who made a film about US President George W. Bush #39;s hometown was chosen last night as the winner of the Turner Prize, Britain #39;s top award for modern art.	0
1	Deadlocked Bush and Kerry Hit Swing States Hard  President Bush and Sen. John Kerry begin a frantic sprint to the presidential campaign #39;s finish on Sunday as polls showed the race for the White House remained too close to call.	0 1
1	Candidates tussle over foreign policy  CORAL GABLES, Fla. - Sen. John Kerry accused President Bush last night of a colossal error in judgment in ordering the invasion of Iraq.	0 1
0	Kerry: Bush Lets Groups Do 'Dirty Work'  BOSTON - John Kerry fought back Thursday against campaign allegations that he exaggerated his combat record in Vietnam, accusing President Bush of using a Republican front group "to do his dirty work" and challenging Bush to debate their wartime service records.   "Well, if he wants to have a debate about our service in Vietnam, here is my answer: Bring it on," said the Democratic presidential candidate, reviving an old war and campaign slogan amid strong urging from party leaders for him to respond to two-week-old GOP assertions...	0 1
0	RNC Creates Web Sites to Criticize Kerry (AP)  AP - Republicans have one message for followers of many faiths: Sen. John Kerry is wrong.	1
0	Cleric at Arafat's Bedside During 'Final Phase'  A top Islamic cleric rushed from the West Bank to Yasser Arafat's hospital bedside Wednesday in what an aide to the Palestinian leader called the "final phase" of his life.	2
0	EU leaders convene for summit with Bush back in power  BRUSSELS - European leaders were to open a two-day summit Thursday in theory focussed on economic reform but set against the backdrop of US President George W. Bushs triumphant re-election.	0
0	Authenticity of Bush Memos Scrutinized  WASHINGTON - Questions are being raised about the authenticity of newly unearthed memos which asserted that George W. Bush ignored a direct order from a superior officer in the Texas Air National Guard and lost his status as a pilot because he failed to meet military performance standards and undergo a required physical exam...	0
3	Snow Supports Strong Dollar, #39; Says Markets Should Set Value  The US supports a strong dollar, #39; #39; Treasury Secretary John Snow said, making his first remarks on the currency since George W. Bush was re-elected on Nov. 2. We support a strong 	0
0	Kerry Takes a Little Down Time in Texas (AP)  AP - Democrat John Kerry briefly relaxed on rival President Bush's home turf Saturday but apparently wasn't even aware of it.	0 1
0	Voters Offer Views on Bush-Kerry Debate (AP)  AP - Voter reaction to Wednesday's debate between President Bush and Sen. John Kerry.	0 1
1	Questions for Palestinian leaders  THE DAY after Yasser Arafat #39;s death, headlines declared a  quot;New Middle East quot; and commentators described his passing as  quot;a window to peace quot; and  quot;a great opportunity.	2
1	Mr. Bush #39;s Glass House  The problem with President Bush #39;s National Guard years is not that he took shortcuts, but that he won #39;t come clean about it.	0
0	Sharon Rejects Army Bid to Wind Down Gaza Offensive  Israel #39;s Ariel Sharon has rejected his army #39;s request to scale back its Gaza offensive, seeking to avoid any show of weakness after deadly bombings in Egyptian resorts crowded with Israelis, security sources said.	4
0	Bush author says White House applying pressure over book (AFP)  AFP - Writer Kitty Kelley has accused the White House of putting pressure on her and the US media over the new biography on the family of President George W. Bush	0
1	BRIAN DICKERSON: Absolutism leaves W no wiggle room  Let #39;s accept, for the sake of argument, President George W. Bush #39;s insistence that his campaign has had nothing to do with the veracity-challenged slime machine that calls itself Swift Boat Veterans for Truth.	0
0	Arafat Nearer to Expulsion Says Israeli Minister  Earlier this week, Defence Minister Shaul Mofaz said the government remained committed to a security Cabinet decision from last year to remove Arafat.	2
1	Now on DVD: The Passion of the Bush  The DVD "George W. Bush: Faith in the White House," marketed as a response to "Fahrenheit 9/11," portrays the president as God's warrior.	0
0	Israel Military, Religious Leaders at Odds over Gaza Withdrawal  Israel #39;s top military leader blasted some Jewish religious leaders for urging followers to refuse to follow military orders to evacuate settlements, as part of Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s disengagement plans.	4
0	Fischer misses Arafat funeral amid security clampdown  CAIRO - Palestinian leader Yassir Arafat may not have lived to rule an independent Palestinian state but his funeral on Friday carried all the ceremony of a state occasion with heightened security meaning that the German delegation missed the event.	2
0	Arafat #39;s Wife Clashes with Palestinian Leaders  Description: Yasser Arafat #39;s wife and leaders of the Palestinian Authority are in a tug of war over information regarding Arafat #39;s condition and treatment.	2
1	Bush and Pakistani Talk, Skirting Army Role  resident Bush spoke for an hour with President Pervez Musharraf of Pakistan yesterday morning in a conversation devoted largely to the hunt for Osama bin Laden and terror groups, administration 	0
0	Sharon and Abbas Express Hope for Gaza Talks  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel and Mahmoud Abbas, the favorite to become the new Palestinian leader, said in separate interviews published today that they would be 	4
0	Iraqi PM to Make U.N. Debut (AP)  AP - Two years after he tried  #151; and failed  #151; to convince the United Nations of the need to go to war in Iraq, President Bush will deliver a strikingly different message when he speaks to the 191-member world body this week.	0
1	Veteran Files Suit in Anti-Kerry Film (AP)  AP - A Vietnam veteran shown in a documentary criticizing Sen. John Kerry's anti-war activities filed a libel lawsuit against the movie's director Monday, saying the film falsely calls him a fraud and a liar.	1
0	VIEW: Widow of opportunity? Uri Avnery  Sharon and Bush demonised Yasser Arafat for years and exploited the orchestrated hatred to sabotage any step towards peace. This alibi has now disappeared.	0 2
1	Deteriorating Arafat near death in hospital  Ramallah, West Bank -- Apprehension settled over the Middle East Thursday night as Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat lay near death in a Paris hospital, and Israelis and Palestinians braced themselves for a new era in the region #39;s long and turbulent history 	2
1	It was wrong, I wasn #39;t, Blair insists  Tony Blair yesterday offered a crowded House of Commons his most direct apology yet for deficiencies in the intelligence dossiers he presented to MPs to help justify the invasion of Iraq in March 2003.	3
1	World leaders phone in congratulations to Bush  Relaxing at Camp David, President Bush received congratulatory phone calls from German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder and other foreign leaders Friday even as Germany #39;s defense minister 	0
0	Bush hails Iraq debts reduction by Pairs Club  The United States on Sunday applauded the decision by the Paris Club on slashing Iraq #39;s debts and urged other countries to follow suit.	0
1	The Eternal Agitator  He shook the world by demanding justice for the Palestinians. But Arafat #39;s defiance ruined his chances to win them independence.	2
1	SHARON FACES RIVAL FOR US SUPPORT  TEL AVIV MENL -- Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, intent on launching his plan for unilateral withdrawal from the Gaza Strip and northern West Bank, faces a challenge from Finance Minister Binyamin Netanyahu.	4
1	Bush Attacks Kerry #39;s  #39;Intrusive #39; Health Plan  President Bush on Thursday blamed the nation #39;s health care woes on a  quot;litigation culture quot; protected by Democratic rival John Kerry, and accused him of planning to 	0 1
3	ELECTION JITTERS STRANGLING MARKET  TALK about an October sur prise. As Senator John Kerry might say,  quot;Who amongst us would have thought a year ago that the price of oil would be above  $50 dollars a barrel 	1
3	A boost to his base  President George W. Bush #39;s nomination of Cuban-born Carlos M. Gutierrez for Commerce secretary fits neatly into a long-term strategy of boosting Republican prospects for national 	0
1	CBS News Anchor Dan Rather Resigns After 24 Years   NEW YORK (Reuters) - Veteran newsman Dan Rather, embroiled  in a pre-election scandal over a story challenging President  Bush's military service, said on Tuesday he will step down as  the CBS television network's top news anchor.	0
1	Sharon to present his Gaza withdrawal plan to parliament on <b>...</b>  JERUSALEM Prime Minister Ariel Sharon says later this month he #39;ll give Israel #39;s parliament his plan to withdraw from some occupied territories.	4
0	Rebuffed by Party, Sharon Presses on with Gaza Plan   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  vowed on Thursday to press ahead with his Gaza pullout plan  despite his own party's humiliating rebuff of his bid to forge  a coalition with the pro-withdrawal Labour Party.	4
0	The Two Men of Power  When Bush meets Hu, they will find that they have much in common 	0
0	'Clintonistas' rally behind Kerry's presidential bid (AFP)  AFP - Democratic Senator John Kerry's White House bid has become more combative, more open to reporters and delivered a more focused message recently which observers have attributed to the influence of former Bill Clinton administration staffers.	1
0	Kerry Says Iraq War Raises Questions on Bush's Judgment  Senator John Kerry said today that the war in Iraq was a "profound diversion" from the war on terror and Osama bin Laden.	0 1
1	Israel #39;s Labor chief: Party eager to join Sharon  The head of Israel #39;s opposition Labor Party signaled Thursday that his party is not only willing but eager to join a unity government with Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon because it backs his plan to pull out of Gaza and parts of 	4
1	The Last Word: Too Close to Call? Maybe.  One of the most divisive elections in US history is entering its home stretch, and the race is tighter than ever. As John Kerry and President George W. Bush wage war in the 	0 1
0	At UN, Bush still finds his Iraq plan hard to sell  UNITED NATIONS -- Despite an appearance at the United Nations that was friendlier and more optimistic than any of his previous speeches to the world body, President Bush still faces a skeptical crowd at the UN.	0
0	North Korea Lashes Out at Bush (AP)  AP - North Korea lashed out Monday at President Bush for turning "a peaceful world into a pandemonium unprecedented in history," and reaffirmed it won't attend preparatory meetings ahead of planned nuclear disarmament talks.	0
0	Egypt Prepares to Receive Arafat's Body (AP)  AP - Egypt put its security forces on maximum alert and workers spruced up a modest mosque at Cairo's international airport Thursday in preparation for Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat's funeral, which will include a procession led by a horse-drawn carriage.	2
0	Palestinian Leaders Postpone Arafat Visit - France   PARIS (Reuters) - Senior Palestinian officials hoping to  come to France to visit their ailing leader Yasser Arafat have  put off their trip, the French Defense Minister said on Monday.	2
0	Bush Says He's Best Protection From Draft (AP)  AP - President Bush turned the tables Saturday on Sen. John Kerry, declaring "the best way to avoid the draft is to vote for me," and pledged to oppose mandatory military service. The Democrat stuck to domestic issues, blaming Bush for a shortage of flu vaccines.	0 1
0	Bush, Kerry Economic Budgets Exceed  $1T  WASHINGTON - President Bush and Democratic Sen. John Kerry have starkly different economic priorities with a common thread: price tags exceeding  $1 trillion that could pump already huge deficits skyward over the next decade...	0 1
3	Global Stocks Rally, Oil Up as Bush Wins  US stocks climbed while bonds fell and the dollar lost ground against the euro on Wednesday as Republican President Bush won re-election in a tight race.	0
0	As Arafat worsens, leaders prepare funeral  PARIS -- Yasser Arafat's coma deepened and his condition deteriorated dramatically yesterday according to the Palestinian leadership, who visited him at a Paris hospital and then returned to the West Bank to declare that his life was now ''in the hand of God. quot;	2
1	Palestinians Transferring Arafat #39;s Financial Power  PARIS -- Palestinian officials are starting to transfer some of Yasser Arafat #39;s power, as the longtime leader #39;s health appears to be deteriorating.	2
1	Israel rocket breaks off the life of top Hamas leader  Israel has killed a top leader of the Hamas militant group and another gunman in an air strike on their car in Gaza, days before a key parliamentary vote on Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Gaza pullout plan.	4
0	Bush to Thank U.S. Troops in Calif. Trip (AP)  AP - President Bush is offering an in-person thank-you to U.S. troops next week with a visit to Camp Pendleton in California.	0
0	Adams in Downing Street talks  Sinn Fein President Gerry Adams is due to hold more talks with Tony Blair on the government #39;s proposals for restoring devolution.	3
1	Palestinians chart uncertain future after burying their leader  Even while mourning the loss of Yasser Arafat, the Palestinian leadership ordered preparations for new presidential elections to start immediately and appealed to the United States to take an active role in securing a vote in 60 	2
0	Israel's Sharon Says Could Coordinate Gaza Pullout   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  said on Tuesday that he would consider coordinating a pullout  from the Gaza Strip with a new Palestinian leadership if it  curbed attacks on Israelis.	4
0	Appeal for kidnapped worker  Care International have made a televised plea to the kidnappers of Margaret Hassan, their director in Iraq, after a new videotape showed her begging Tony Blair not to send troops to Baghdad.	3
0	Suicide Attack Kills 2 in Israel; 16 Hurt  JERUSALEM - A Palestinian teenager blew herself up at a busy Jerusalem bus station Wednesday, killing two Israeli policemen who stopped her for a security check and wounding 16 bystanders in an attack that evaded Israel's clampdown on the West Bank for the Jewish holidays.    Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, meanwhile, dropped a plan to evacuate 21 Jewish settlements in the Gaza Strip simultaneously at the beginning of next year, reverting to an earlier formula - a staged pullout in the summer of 2005...	4
0	Kerry Trolls GOP Strongholds in Midwest  APPLETON, Wis. - John Nusbaum, retired after 30 years in the cheese business, voted three times to put a man named Bush in the White House...	0 1
0	Sharon eases conditions for resuming peace talks with the <b>...</b>  Israel signalled flexibility and openness toward the emerging new Palestinian leadership Friday, with a top adviser to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon saying peace talks could resume if the Palestinians showed some goodwill.	4
0	Kerry Stakes Out Opposition Stance on War (AP)  AP - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry are offering U.S. voters and the world two starkly different views on Iraq. The incumbent tells skeptical foreign leaders the war is part of a global fight on terror and "there is no safety in looking away." The challenger wants allies to help find a way out.	0 1
1	Arafat: Speculation swirls  Paris - Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat remained in an unchanged but still critical condition on Saturday, with his closest adviser insisting that a recovery was possible.	2
0	Sharon defiant on Gaza pull-out  UNDAUNTED by a stinging setback from his party, Israel #39;s prime minister, Ariel Sharon, will press ahead with his controversial plan to withdraw from Gaza, his aides said yesterday. 	4
0	Japan has best US ties ever with Bush, but would Kerry be so bad? (AFP)  AFP - When Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi publicly endorsed US President George W. Bush for re-election, he gave credence to a widely held belief here: a Republican administration is better for Japan.	0 1
1	Arafat #39;s health worsening, aides in Paris say  Speaking from France, Palestinian officials say leader Yasser Arafat took a turn for the worse late Wednesday. He #39;s been in a Paris hospital since last Friday.	2
1	Paris club decision to reduce Iraqi debt by 80 percent  US President George W. Bush has welcomed the decision by the Paris Club of creditor nations to forgive 80 percent of Iraqi debt owed to its members.	0
1	Kerry announces 5-point energy plan  Sen. John Kerry, speaking Monday at a campaign stop in New Mexico, released a five-point energy plan he said would end US dependence on Middle East oil.	1
1	Dubya UN-deterred  A stern President Bush told the UN yesterday that his policies on Iraq are good for world peace, and scornfully attacked John Kerry for criticizing the war.	0 1
0	Arafat Eulogized as Keeper of Palestinian Dream  In the international online media, Yasser Arafat is receiving gentler treatment in death than he usually received in life. Arafat was a  quot;truly great leader, quot; said the Jakarta Post in Indonesia.	2
0	Arafat: Doctors to Carry Out New Tests  Having ruled out leukaemia, French doctors were trying for a third day to determine what was causing the dramatic deterioration in Palestinian leader Yasser Arafats health.	2
0	Kerry Rips Bush Over Assault Weapons Law (AP)  AP - Democratic Sen. John Kerry on Monday accused President Bush of ducking his responsibility to protect the country from crime and terrorism by allowing a national assault weapons ban to expire.	0 1
0	Let liberty transform Palestinians, too  In September, President Bush reasserted his commitment to the  quot;road map quot; for Middle East peace, launched in 2003 to achieve a comprehensive Israeli-Palestinian agreement by 2005.	0
1	White House lied to AP, Nation. Bush AWOL  For the past several months, the White House has claimed it had released all relevant documents pertaining to Bush #39;s military records in response to the Associated Press #39; Freedom of Information Act request for the materials.	0
1	Bush Declares Kerry Can #39;t Keep US Safe  President Bush speaks at the Canton Palace Theatre about medical liability reform Friday, Oct. 22, 2004 in Canton, Ohio. (AP Photo/Tony Dejak).	0
0	Bush Ally Re-Elected; Australia Stays in Coalition  Australia #39;s role in the US-led coalition in Iraq was cemented at the ballot box Saturday when Prime Minister John Howard swept to his fourth consecutive 	0
1	Bush Picks Spellings to Lead Education Department  President Bush promoted Margaret Spellings, his domestic policy adviser, on Wednesday to serve as Education secretary. She will replace departing secretary Rod Paige if she wins Senate confirmation.	0
1	Rumsfeld to stay as defence secretary:  World News: Washington, Dec 4 : US Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld has been asked by President George W. Bush to continue as chief of the Pentagon in his second term, and he has agreed.	0
3	A revamped tax code? No, thanks  The people around President Bush hint that he will make tax reform a centerpiece of his agenda in a second term. Bush himself opened the door to reform talk 	0
0	Hostages plight clouds meeting of Blairs party  BRIGHTON, England The annual conference of Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s Labour Party opened here Monday under the pall of the war in Iraq, as the fate of the British hostage Ken Bigley remained uncertain amid fresh appeals for his release from family 	3
1	Sharon Calls for Expansion of Israel #39;s Gaza Offensive  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Israel should expand its massive raid of northern Gaza, one of the army #39;s deadliest offensives in more than four years of conflict with the Palestinians.	4
0	Palestinian Leader Visits Saudi Arabia (AP)  AP - Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas visited Saudi Arabia on Monday at time when many in the region are hopeful that Israelis and Arabs can make a new start on peace in the wake of Yasser Arafat's death.	2
0	Kerry Hits Bush on Iraq War, Economy  SPRINGFIELD, Ohio - Fighting back, Democratic Sen. John Kerry called President Bush "unfit to lead this nation" because of the war in Iraq and his record on jobs, health care and energy prices...	0 1
0	Arafat #39;s condition improving but further tests needed, say <b>...</b>  An ailing Yasser Arafat entered a fourth day of emergency treatment Monday at a French military hospital specializing in blood disorders, but the cause of his precipitous decline in health remained unexplained.	2
0	Kerry's Wife Calls Bush Inflexible (AP)  AP - Teresa Heinz Kerry said Monday that President Bush is unwilling to change, a character flaw that shows "inattention and indifference" rather than strength.	0 1
1	Sen. Clinton blasts Bush, urges women to vote in West Palm Beach  WEST PALM BEACH  Blasting President Bush for undoing the  quot;good things quot; her husband did in office, US Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton on Saturday urged hundreds of Democratic women to vote early 	0
1	Bush Names Nebraska Governor Johanns As Agriculture Secretary  President Bush today named Nebraska Governor Mike Johanns as the 28th US Secretary of Agriculture. Johanns was midway through his second term as Governor when the announcement was made.	0
0	Bush-Kerry Debate Draws 62.5 Million U.S. Viewers (Reuters)  Reuters - At least 62.5 million Americans tuned in to President Bush's debate with challenger Sen. John Kerry on Thursday, far surpassing the number who watched either political convention this summer or Bush's debates four years ago with Al Gore.	0 1
0	Israel may allow east J #39;lem vote for PA  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon left the door ajar for east Jerusalem Arabs to take part in the election of a new Palestinian Authority chairman, saying Sunday that the cabinet will have to meet to discuss the issue.	4
0	An explosive report on eve of the election  Millions of Americans view President Bush as the candidate most likely to keep Americans safe. But too often, real-life results conflict with Bushs rhetorical resolve.	0
0	Arafat: the face of the Palestinian dream  I have a tape recording of Arafat, sitting with me on a cold, dark mountainside outside the northern Lebanese port of Tripoli in 1983 where the old man - he was always called the old man, long 	2
0	Congress Passes Middle-Class Tax Cuts  WASHINGTON - Congress on Thursday approved a  $145.9 billion package of tax relief to extend three popular middle-class tax cuts, giving President Bush his fourth major tax victory since taking office.    The Senate approved the measure 92-3 Thursday night less than an hour after it cleared the House by a similarly lopsided 339-65...	0
0	Israel #39;s Sharon Says Could Coordinate Gaza Pullout  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said on Tuesday that he would consider coordinating a pullout from the Gaza Strip with a new Palestinian leadership if it curbed attacks on Israelis.	4
0	Egypt plays Mideast peace broker  An assassination attempt was made Sunday on the man who may replace Yasser Arafat as Palestinian chief.	2
0	Kerry Warns of Social Security 'Surprise'  WASHINGTON - Massachusetts Sen. John Kerry accused President Bush on Sunday of planning a surprise second-term effort to privatize Social Security and forecast a "disaster for America's middle class."   Republicans denied the charge as scare tactics with little more than two weeks remaining in a tight election...	0 1
0	PM won #39;t serve third term say 50 of chairmen  Half of Labour constituency chairmen do not expect Tony Blair to serve a full third term, according to a new poll. The survey, conducted by ePolitixPlus, finds that 46 per cent of local chairmen do not expect 	3
1	At GOP convention, enough drama for the Great White Way  On Broadway, off Broadway, Republicans are streaming through the city, eager to renominate George W. Bush for president this week and re-elect him this fall.	0
0	Swiftboat Crewman: Kerry Boat Under Fire (AP)  AP - A swiftboat crewman decorated in the 1969 Vietnam incident where John Kerry won a Bronze Star says not only did they come under enemy fire but also that his own boat commander, who has challenged the official account, was too distracted to notice the gunfire.	1
0	Bush, Kerry Clash on Domestic Issues  COLUMBUS, Ohio - President Bush lashed out at Sen. John Kerry on Saturday for his stands on domestic programs ranging from retirement to health care, saying the Democrat is obstructing needed reforms that would give workers more control over their financial future...	0 1
2	Blair - Wembley key to 2012  Tony Blair says the completion of Wembley will boost London's hopes of staging the 2012 Olympics.	3
0	Bush Keeps Card As Chief of Staff (AP)  AP - Beginning to put his team in place for his second term, President Bush decided to keep Andy Card as White House chief of staff, retaining an unflappable veteran of the Reagan and first Bush presidencies.	0
0	Bush Says He's Best Protection From Draft  DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. - President Bush turned is turning the tables on Sen...	0
0	Clinton and Kerry Team Up on Bush (Reuters)  Reuters - Former President Bill Clinton and Sen. John Kerry ganged up on President Bush on the campaign trail on Monday, with Clinton warning Bush wants to scare voters and Kerry slamming Bush's "incompetence" in not protecting tons of missing explosives in Iraq.	0 1
1	Kerry moves ahead after debate  DEMOCRAT challenger John Kerry, buoyed by a strong performance in his first debate with George W. Bush, has won a surge of support that puts him slightly ahead in the race to the White House, according to the latest Newsweek poll.	0 1
0	Rice Denies Ignoring Guantanamo Abuse (AP)  AP - National security adviser Condoleezza Rice on Sunday denied assertions in a new book that she and other top Bush administration officials ignored warnings about the abuse of prisoners at the Navy base at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.	0
3	Floridians Would Get Tax Relief Under Senate Bill  Legislation approved by the US Senate and being sent to President George W. Bush Tuesday would allow Floridians to deduct state sales tax payments from their federal income tax returns for the next two years.	0
1	British hostage in Iraq dead: Report  Ken Bigley, a British hostage kidnapped in Baghdad 22 days ago, has been killed, Sky News television reported on Friday, quoting sources in Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s office.	3
1	Giuliani Hurt by Scandal Around Former Top NY Cop  Illicit affairs, mob ties, a secret love nest. The hijinks of Bernard Kerik, disgraced just as he aspired to join President Bush #39;s Cabinet, have also bruised the reputation 	0
1	Kerrys Iraq attack  Despite a pre-debate memorandum of understanding between the Bush campaign and the Kerry campaign that there would be no televised cutaways or reaction shots, more than sixty-two million Americans watched George W. Bush appear to come unglued 	0
0	Bush's National Guard File Missing Records  WASHINGTON - Documents that should have been written to explain gaps in President Bush's Texas Air National Guard service are missing from the military records released about his service in 1972 and 1973, according to regulations and outside experts.    For example, Air National Guard regulations at the time required commanders to write an investigative report for the Air Force when Bush missed his annual medical exam in 1972...	0
0	ARAFAT HAD AIDS SIGNS  An Israeli doctor gave credence to a controversial rumor of Yasser Arafat #39;s death by saying that the PLO chairman may have succumbed to AIDS.	2
1	John Kerry #39;s Prostate Cancer  quot;Cured quot;  Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry has been cured of prostate cancer, his doctors have told him, according to a report in the Sunday issue of The New York Times.	1
0	Kerry Links Iraq War, U.S. Economic Woes  WASHINGTON - Democrat John Kerry sought to link the Iraq war to U.S. economic woes on Wednesday, calling President Bush's move against Baghdad a "catastrophic choice" that so far has drained  $200 billion in needed resources at home...	0 1
0	US ties, economy to dominate campaign as Australia heads to Oct 9 election (AFP)  AFP - Australian Prime Minister John Howard called national elections for October 9, hoping his conservative government can win a fourth term in office thanks to a buoyant economy and his close alliance with US President George W. Bush.	0
1	Jokesters now the go-to guys for US candidates  John Kerry can #39;t do comedy. The world kind of knew that already, but Kerry can do bemused politician. This talent might help him in his television appearances.	1
0	Arafat in intensive care unit  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat has been rushed into the intensive care unit of a Paris hospital. Mr Arafat #39;s health has deteriorated but aides said the implications were not serious.	2
0	Blair, Chirac grapple with differences  LONDON - France #39;s President Jacques Chirac was in London on Thursday for discussions with British Prime Minister Tony Blair focusing on transatlantic relations and the Middle East peace process.	3
1	House Republicans putting final stamp on intelligence bill  A long-delayed bill overhauling the nation #39;s intelligence agencies is nearing passage now that President Bush and House Armed Services chairman Duncan Hunter have endorsed 	0
0	Ailing Arafat Going to Paris; Mideast Is Uneasy  Yasir Arafat, the Palestinian leader, will be flown to Paris and hospitalized for the mysterious two-week-old ailment that has seriously weakened 	2
0	FOREIGN POLICY Kerry Wants Broader Effort by Bush on Crisis in <b>...</b>  Senator John Kerry called on President Bush on Thursday to take the lead in stopping the killing of civilians in the Darfur region of Sudan by declaring it 	0 1
0	Leaders condemn  #39;Hassan murder #39;  Political leaders have condemned the apparent murder of aid worker Margaret Hassan by her Iraqi kidnappers. Tony Blair said it was  quot;abhorrent quot;, while Irish premier Bertie Ahern said her kidnappers  quot;stand condemned by.	3
0	Blair Shrugs Off Resignation Questions  BRIGHTON, England - Dogged by opposition to the Iraq war, Prime Minister Tony Blair tried to focus attention on domestic issues as the governing Labour Party's annual convention opened Sunday and insisted he hadn't considered resigning earlier this year.   "I'm not the wobbling sort," Blair, a staunch U.S...	3
1	Sharon Says Incitement to Oppose Disengagement Plan Must End  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said opponents of his proposal to evacuate settlements in the Gaza Strip and West Bank must stop inciting the military and security forces to reject the withdrawal plan.	4
0	Gaza Gunmen Kidnap Senior Palestinian Official (Reuters)  Reuters - Palestinian gunmen kidnapped a top security official in the Gaza Strip on Thursday in a fresh challenge to President Yasser Arafat's rule amid a wave of unrest.	2
0	Polls: Bush Trails Kerry in New York (AP)  AP - President Bush got a convention bounce even in heavily Democratic New York but still trailed rival John Kerry, two statewide presidential polls said Wednesday.	0 1
0	Proposed Program Would Remodel Foreign Aid (AP)  AP - Secretary of State Colin Powell calls it the most promising development in foreign assistance in decades. That is quite a claim for a program that has yet to disburse its first dollar. But it is clear that President Bush's Millennium Challenge Account, first proposed 2 1/2 years ago, represents a fresh approach to helping countries overcome economic backwardness.	0
0	Moves toward moderation in Mideast  One month after Yasser Arafat's death, realignments on both sides of the Palestinian-Israeli divide are raising fragile hopes for a mutual retreat from four years of fighting.	2
0	Palestinian Leaders to Visit Arafat #39;s Doctors  Yasir Arafat #39;s deputy in the Palestine Liberation Organization, Mahmoud Abbas, and the Palestinian prime minister, Ahmed Qurei, will go to France on Monday to speak to 	2
1	Bush Confronts New Challenge on Issue of Iran  While assembling a new national security team, President Bush is confronting what could become the biggest challenge of his second term: how to contain Iran #39;s 	0
0	Official expects post Arafat concessions  A Palestinian official said Sunday he expects the successors of Yasser Arafat to make concessions to Israel on issues the late leader had refused to consider.	2
0	Budget math deflating many Bush initiatives (USATODAY.com)  USATODAY.com - A number of spending initiatives promoted by President Bush as he seeks re-election are set to get less money than he wants from the Republicans who control Congress.	0
0	Disillusioned Americans eye New Zealand's alternative bush (AFP)  AFP - Enquiries from Americans wanting to move to New Zealand have skyrocketed since George W. Bush was reelected president of the United States.	0
0	N. Korea voices doubt over nuclear talks  SEOUL, South Korea -- North Korea doesn #39;t expect six-nation talks on its nuclear weapons program to resume anytime soon under a second-term administration of President Bush, a top communist envoy said in a report published Friday.	0
0	Tunisian Doctors Examine Arafat, Aides Blame Flu (Reuters)  Reuters - Six Tunisian doctors arrived in the West Bank on Saturday to examine Yasser Arafat, but aides dismissed Israeli media reports that the Palestinian president's health had deteriorated and said he had flu.	2
1	Kerry: Bush #39;s Iraq policy has endangered US  In his most aggressive and detailed speech on Iraq to date, Democratic presidential nominee Sen. John Kerry on Monday accused President Bush of creating  quot;a crisis of historic proportions quot; and 	0 1
0	Asia Specialists Note N. Korea Split in Bush-Kerry Debate  US diplomacy in dealing with North Korea #39;s nuclear weapons program drew the attention of two Asia specialists who watched US President George W. Bush and Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry.	0 1
1	Daily Endorsment Tally: On a Big Day for Bush, He Snags 'N.Y. Post,' 'Wash. Times,' and Others (Editor and Publisher)  Editor and Publisher - NEW YORK It was a big day for President Bush in E P's exclusive tally of daily newspaper endorsements, closing his gap with Senator John Kerry by every measure.	0
1	Israel #39;s Likud, Labour Begin Coalition Talks  Israel #39;s opposition Labour party began talks on Saturday with Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Likud party on joining his coalition, a partnership aimed at promoting a planned Gaza withdrawal.	4
3	Bush extends tax break law  President Bush used a Monday trip to Des Moines to sign into law an extension of tax benefits that he said will ensure 94 million Americans continue paying lower tax bills next year.	0
0	Israel's Labour Seals Deal to Join Sharon's Coalition   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's opposition Labour party is  likely to join Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's coalition  next week, a move that could promote his Gaza pullout plan and  avoid early elections, Sharon's spokesman said on Friday.	4
0	Bush Criticizes Anti-Kerry Television Ad  WASHINGTON - President Bush on Monday criticized a commercial that accused John Kerry of inflating his own Vietnam War record, more than a week after the ad stopped running, and said broadcast attacks by outside groups have no place in the race for the White House.   "I think they're bad for the system," added Bush, who had ignored calls to condemn the ad while it was on the air...	0 1
0	Report: Documents indicate Blair was warned of post-Saddam chaos  LONDON British Prime Minister Tony Blair is being accused of  quot;clearly misleading quot; the British public over plans for postwar Iraq.	3
0	Delegates Split Over Blair #39;s Iraq Apology  For Tony Blair, sorry seems to be the hardest word. A day after the prime minister expressed regret about bad intelligence on Iraq, delegates at the Labour Party #39;s annual 	3
0	Blair Heart Procedure Sparks Succession Debate   LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's Tony Blair underwent  successful heart surgery Friday after a surprise vow to serve a  record third term and deny rivals power for five more years.	3
1	Arafat in intensive care unit  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat has been rushed into the intensive care unit of a Paris hospital. Mr Arafat #39;s health has deteriorated but aides said the implications were not serious.	2
0	Yasser Arafat, Who Led Palestinians to Brink of Statehood, Dies  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, who rose from the ranks of guerrilla fighter to share a Nobel Peace Prize with his Israeli archenemies only to watch the peace process later unravel, died today.	2
0	Longtime Ally Decries Sharon #39;s Gaza Plan  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has betrayed his Likud Party, a longtime senior ally wrote to thousands of party faithful Thursday, but the rebuke over the Gaza withdrawal was unlikely 	4
1	Kerry Camp Seizes on Probe of Halliburton  After days of making hay over lost Iraqi explosives, the Democratic ticket seized Friday on an expanding FBI probe of Halliburton as evidence the Bush administration gives special favors to special interests.	1
1	Hunt for bloke vote  A CAMOUFLAGED John Kerry mounted a pre-dawn shotgun attack on an unsuspecting goose yesterday in a bid to broaden his image among undecided voters as  quot;a guy quot;.	1
0	Reporters' log  BBC correspondents in the Middle East record events in the region and their thoughts upon hearing that the Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat has died.	2
0	Begin Permitted Ministers to Vote their Conscience  (IsraelNN.com) While Prime Minister Ariel Sharon told Likud loyalists, members of the partys Knesset faction that oppose the Gaza plan, that Prime Minister Menachem Begin did not hold a national referendum ahead of the peace agreement with Egypt 	4
3	Last Job Count Before Election: Always a Political Number  Despite the stimulus from three rounds of tax cuts, the nation has at least 585,000 fewer jobs now than when President Bush took office.	0
1	France says it has no intention of publishing Yasser Arafat #39;s <b>...</b>  Foreign Minister Michel Barnier indicated Tuesday that France has no intention of publishing Yasser Arafat #39;s medical records and will leave the decision up to his family.	2
0	Summary: Bush's Plan for Job Growth (AP)  AP - THE PROBLEM? There are 371,000 fewer jobs since Bush took office in 2001.	0
0	US Washington Post backs Kerry   US candidate John Kerry's presidential bid is boosted by the backing of the influential Washington Post newspaper.	1
0	Britain rules out hostage talks  LIVERPOOL - Britain yesterday ruled out negotiations with the abductors of a British hostage in Iraq following his desperate televised plea to Prime Minister Tony Blair to save his life, as Italy reacted with anguish tinged with scepticism after an 	3
0	UK won #39;t release terror suspects  BRITAIN #39;S top court delivered a severe jolt to Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s post-September 11 security policies today by ruling against the detention of nine foreign terrorism suspects without trial.	3
1	Bush defends Iraq invasion and says UN should offer more help  UNITED NATIONS (CP) - President George W. Bush defended his Iraq invasion Tuesday in a speech to the United Nations as he called on the world body to do more to help the chaotic country and establish a fund to spread democracy elsewhere.	0
0	Kerry Stumps for Black Voters at Churches  MIAMI - With just three Sundays left before Election Day, Sen. John Kerry is asking for all the help he can get from black voters and the Almighty...	1
1	Bush Expanding Power of CIA Director, McClellan Says (Update1)  President George W. Bush will give more power to the head of the Central Intelligence Agency as an interim step until a new national intelligence director is confirmed by Congress, spokesman Scott McClellan said.	0
1	Arafat Fends Off Challenge Over Reforms  Aug. 25, 2004 - RAMALLAH, West Bank Yasser Arafat fended off another challenge to his authority Wednesday when Palestinian lawmakers backed away from sweeping reform demands, instead approving a watered down set of recommendations.	2
1	CBS Says It Was Misled Over Bush Military Memos  CBS News on Monday said it had been misled over the authenticity of documents it aired in a story challenging President Bush #39;s military service and it was mounting an internal investigation.	0
1	Arafat #39;s No. 2 Is Set to Assume Palestinian Leadership  Mahmoud Abbas wears a business suit, not a military uniform and kaffiyeh. He is a former elementary school teacher - studious, gracious, pragmatic and opposed to terrorism.	2
1	Edwards renews attack on Bush over Iraq  MIAMI, Oct 10 (AFP) - Senator John Edwards, the Democratic vice presidential nominee, kept up the attack on President George W. Bush in a string of television interviews Sunday, as surrogates for both candidates clashed over Iraq in the wake of the second 	0
1	Bush Says Kerry  #39;More Heroic #39; for Going to Vietnam  President Bush on Saturday described John Kerry #39;s tour of duty in Vietnam as more heroic than his own service in the Air National Guard, saying his Democratic rival had been  quot;in harm #39;s way.	0 1
0	Guard Supervisor Wrote to Bush's Father  WASHINGTON - A packet of Texas Air National Guard records released Friday showed that the commanding officer of President Bush's basic training unit took a special interest in him as a trainee and wrote to his father to praise him. Democrats called that proof of preferential treatment...	0
0	Kerry Links Iraq War, U.S. Economic Woes  WASHINGTON - Democrat John Kerry sought to link the Iraq war to U.S. economic woes on Wednesday, calling President Bush's move against Baghdad a "catastrophic choice" that so far has drained  $200 billion in needed resources at home...	0 1
0	Bush Selects Kerik as New Secretary of Homeland Security  Bernard Kerik is the former New York police commissioner who helped oversee the city's response to the Sept. 11 attacks.	0
1	India must recognize international realities: PM  Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has responded to the Left #39;s criticism of his congratulatory call to US President George W. Bush by saying India must recognise international realities.	0
1	Bush May Give Budget Authority to New Intel Chief  President Bush said today he would consider giving a proposed new national intelligence director authority over the budgets of intelligence activities that are currently spread 	0
0	Bush and Kerry at war over Iraq, Al-Qaeda (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush has slammed rival John Kerry for questioning Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi's upbeat forecasts for his country.	0 1
0	Sharon promises cooperation with Russia to combat terrorism  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon made a telephone call to Russian President Vladimir Putin on Sunday, promising Israeli cooperation with Russia to concentrate efforts to combat terrorism, local newspaper Haaretz reported on its website.	4
0	Kerry blasts Bush over Iraq war  US presidential candidate John Kerry attacks the president for 'colossal failures' over the war.	0 1
1	US contenders fire off attack ads  The Bush and Kerry camps have launched attack ads questioning each other #39;s record on national security just days before the first presidential debate.	1
3	Congress extends tax cuts for years  WASHINGTON - Congress overwhelmingly approved  $146 billion in middle-class and business tax cuts Thursday night, handing President Bush a big victory 40 days before the election.	0
3	Bush aims to cut deficits  PRESIDENT George W Bush pledged overnight to work with the US Congress to reduce the country #39;s huge deficits and support a strong US dollar.	0
1	Leaders pay tribute to Arafat  World leaders and Palestinian representatives gathered in Cairo Friday morning for Yasser Arafat #39;s military funeral service. The funeral came hours before chaotic scenes in the West Bank 	2
1	Arafat allies divide power, look forward  Top Palestinian officials laid the groundwork Wednesday for the post-Arafat era, agreeing on burial and funeral plans for their gravely ill leader and dividing his powers among three members of his old guard.	2
1	Poll Shows Bush, Kerry Tied at 49 Percent  A new public opinion poll shows President Bush and Senator John Kerry tied at 49 percent among likely voters less than a month before election day.	0 1
3	Kerry: Greenspan Warning Is Wake-Up Call  SAN FRANCISCO Aug. 27, 2004 - Democrat John Kerry #39;s presidential campaign said Friday that Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan #39;s warning of a looming crisis for Social Security and Medicare should be 	1
0	Israeli leader says 2005 could bring  quot;historic breakthrough quot; in <b>...</b>  HERZLIYA, Israel A direct message today from Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon to Palestinians:  quot;We have no desire to rule over you.	4
0	Hamas #39; choice: Learn from Sharon #39;s politics or face the political <b>...</b>  As Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and the Palestinians alike are struggling with issues of political life and the forming of functioning governments, it is the former who may offer a lead to elements of the latter.	4
1	Palestinian state off the agenda, says senior Sharon aide  Ariel Sharon #39;s closest lieutenant has caused political and diplomatic shockwaves by warning that disengagement from Gaza would  quot;freeze quot; the peace process, and a Palestinian state was no longer on Israel #39;s agenda.	4
1	Kerry lays out plan to bring peace in Iraq  Sen. John Kerry is challenging President Bush to immediately begin taking steps to stop increasing violence in Iraq as he tries to offer a persuasive alternative to Bush #39;s 	0 1
1	Latest news briefs from the Jewish Telegraphic Agency  Tens of thousands of Israelis rallied in opposition to Ariel Sharon #39;s withdrawal plan. Settler leaders at Sunday night #39;s rally in Jerusalem repeatedly denounced any use of violence, but also urged the prime minister to call for new elections.	4
1	Widow obtains Arafat #39;s medical file  French authorities have handed over the medical file on recently deceased Palestinian president Yasser Arafat to his widow Suha, who is studying it.	2
0	Experts Weigh Bush, Kerry Economic Plans (AP)  AP - Despite the stark differences in economic plans from President Bush and John Kerry, growth and job creation should turn out pretty much the same no matter who takes the White House.	0 1
0	Israel's Sharon Agrees to Changes to W. Bank Barrier (Reuters)  Reuters - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon agreed to changes in the route of Israel's West Bank barrier on Monday but insisted on keeping key Jewish settlement blocks inside, political sources said.	4
0	Arafat #39;s health worsening, aides in Paris say  Speaking from France, Palestinian officials say leader Yasser Arafat took a turn for the worse late Wednesday. Citing officials who spoke on condition of anonymity, The Associated Press reports that Arafat #39;s 	2
1	Sayles' New Film Melds Satire of Bush and Whodunit (Reuters)  Reuters - Describing his new film, "Silver City," as part murder mystery and part political satire, director John Sayles made it very clear on Saturday which politician the movie is satirizing.	0
1	Memos cite issues with Bush  AUSTIN - President Bush #39;s Air National Guard commander said he felt pressured by higher-ups to  quot;sugarcoat quot; his evaluations of the young pilot after grounding Bush in 1972 in part for failing to perform up to standards, according to military memos 	0
1	Bush, Kerry Remain Deadlocked in Last Days Before Election  The race between President George W. Bush and John Kerry, the four-term US senator from Massachusetts, is a toss-up heading into the last weekend before Election Day, national and state polls released this week show.	0 1
0	William Safire Sharon #39;s Showdown With Likud  The political tectonic plates under the Middle East may have at last begun to shift. Some Arab leaders, facing four more years of George W. Bush, seem to have understood the policy message he sent from Canada 	0
1	CBS News Escapes Gov #39;t Scrutiny Over Bush Memo  CBS won #39;t have to worry about the House Commerce Committee poking around its handling of memos alleging that President Bush disobeyed 	0
1	Clinton campaigns for Kerry as he and Bush hit key swing states  (National-NBC) Oct. 25, 2004 - With just a week left in the presidential campaign Democratic nominee John Kerry got help Monday from a former President Bill Clinton as both the Massachusetts senator and his 	0 1
1	Denunciations fly about missing munitions in Iraq  President Bush yesterday blasted challenger John F. Kerry as unfit to be commander in chief because of his  quot;wild charges quot; over 	0
0	Canada missteps at UN  One of the bright spots in Paul Martin #39;s prime ministership, we #39;re told, is the figure he cuts abroad. He may seem awkward and ill-at-ease at home and weak in his dealings with George W. Bush, but over in Africa, he comes to life.	0
1	Bush seeks to mend ties to Canada  Working to mend the frayed relations between their countries, President Bush and Prime Minister Paul Martin of Canada sought to project a unified front 	0
0	Musharraf to meet Bush twice in New York:  World News New York, Sep 20 : Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf, who is here to attend the UN General Assembly, is scheduled to hold two meetings with US President George W. Bush on the margins of the summit.	0
0	An exit by Arafat would open new era  The deteriorating health of Yasser Arafat, long the personification of the Palestinian struggle for statehood, could reorder the political landscape of the Middle East in two 	2
1	Campaign 2004: Kerry scores Bush over looted Iraq munitions  Democratic presidential nominee Sen. John F. Kerry yesterday launched a fresh assault on the Bush administration, saying the president and his top military 	0 1
0	Bush preaches to choir while trying to win converts on campaign trail (AFP)  AFP - With less than two months until the November 2 election, President George W. Bush is working to shore up support among his staunchest supporters even as he courts undecided voters.	0
1	Congress to take last stab at remapping US intelligence  WASHINGTON (AFP) - Congressional efforts to pass intelligence reform will mark a major test of President George W. Bush #39;s clout with his Republican Party to push his ambitious second-term agenda, supporters of the bill said.	0
1	Blair Defends Iraq Invasion to Party Stalwarts  British Prime Minister Tony Blair has acknowledged the deep divisions the Iraq war has caused, in what could be his last major speech to his ruling Labor Party before elections expected next year.	3
0	Palestinian leaders visit dying Arafat  TOP Palestinian politicians are to visit Yasser Arafat in hospital and consult doctors about his condition amid claims that the veteran leader has suffered liver failure.	2
1	Palestinians plan elections within 60 days to pick Arafat #39;s <b>...</b>  Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qurei pledged Saturday that presidential elections would be held within 60 days to replace late leader Yasser Arafat, while the Palestinian 	2
0	Why some Arabs look to Kerry with hope  WASHINGTON Arabs are divided on the American elections between a skeptical majority that sees no difference between George W. Bush and John Kerry and a hopeful minority that believes Kerry could narrow the gap between the Muslim world and the West.	0 1
1	Britain #39;s Blair refuses to apologize for Iraq  British Prime Minister Tony Blair has admitted evidence about Saddam Hussein having weapons of mass destruction was wrong, but insists it was the correct decision to remove Saddam Hussein.	3
0	Arafat Arrives in Paris  The Palestinian leader, Yasser Arafat, arrived in France this morning to receive emergency medical treatment for an undetermined ailment that has left him weakened and unable to eat.	2
0	Bigley #39;s brother thanks Blair for apology  The brother of a British engineer held hostage in Iraq has thanked Prime Minister Tony Blair for apologising over intelligence errors in the conflict but said he should still step down.	3
0	Sudan agrees peace plan after Blair sets deadline  Sudan agreed to a five-point peace plan for the war-torn region of Darfur yesterday after Tony Blair set a three-month deadline for an end to the long-running conflict.	3
1	Glenn challenges Bush to condemn Swift Boat Veterans #39; anti-Kerry <b>...</b>  COLUMBUS - Former astronaut and US Sen. John Glenn yesterday called on President Bush to  quot;condemn quot; ads from a group called Swift Boat Veterans for Truth that has attacked John Kerry #39;s military service in the Vietnam War.	0 1
1	White House: Nothing New in Latest Reports About Bush Service <b>...</b>  White House aides are defending President Bush against new allegations relating to his military service during the Vietnam War, which he served in the United States.	0
0	Edwards Slams Bush Campaign's Ad 'Lies' (AP)  AP - John Edwards accused President Bush's re-election campaign of lying in television ads about John Kerry's Vietnam War service and his plan to reform health care.	0 1
0	Cleland Tries to Deliver Letter to Bush (AP)  AP - Former Democratic Sen. Max Cleland tried to deliver a letter protesting ads challenging John Kerry's Vietnam service to President Bush at his Texas ranch Wednesday, but the Secret Service stopped Cleland short of his goal.	0 1
0	Chirac chilly to plans for Middle East democracy  President Jacques Chirac on Thurs-day cautioned US President George W. Bush and British Prime Minister Tony Blair over their campaign for the democratization of the Middle East.	0 3
1	Cocaine-use charges send Bush book soaring up bestseller lists (AFP)  AFP - Allegations that US President George W. Bush snorted cocaine at Camp David while his father was in office have fuelled sales of a new, gossip-filled book about the Bush family by controversial celebrity biographer Kitty Kelley.	0
0	Karma Nabulsi  Why has Yasser Arafat not  quot;groomed quot; a successor (like some petty oriental despot), commentators have demanded to know in recent days, and why he is leaving a chaotic power-vacuum?	2
1	Arafat not in coma, spokesman says; more medical tests conducted  Yasser Arafat is not in a coma but remained in intensive care after undergoing more medical tests, a senior aide to the ailing Palestinian leader said Saturday.	2
1	UNITED STATES: Why isnt Kerry trouncing Bush?  Officials in an administration that has gotten the US bogged down in an unpopular war and overseen a net loss of jobs and a net increase in poverty should be polishing their resumes for their inevitable defeat in November.	0 1
0	Dignitaries Expected at Arafat's Funeral (AP)  AP - The following dignitaries are expected at Yasser Arafat's funeral in Cairo on Friday, according to Palestinian planners and other officials.	2
0	Woman Disrupts Laura Bush Speech in N.J. (AP)  AP - A woman wearing a T-shirt with the words "President Bush You Killed My Son" and a picture of a soldier killed in Iraq was detained Thursday after she interrupted a campaign speech by First lady Laura Bush.	0
0	Bush wants strong relations with Europe: Powell (AFP)  AFP - US Secretary of State Colin Powell said President George W. Bush wants to have a strong relationship with European allies during his second four-year term in office.	0
0	France Won't Publish Arafat Medical Records (AP)  AP - France's foreign minister indicated Tuesday that his country has no intention of publishing Yasser Arafat's medical records and will leave the decision about what to do with them up to his family.	2
0	Prewar caution to Blair alleged  LONDON -- Britain's foreign secretary and senior officials warned Prime Minister Tony Blair a year before invading Iraq that chaos could follow the toppling of Saddam Hussein, a newspaper reported yesterday.	3
1	Voters skeptical but more think Kerry plan would cut costs  WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- If you #39;re looking for the starkest difference between President Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry, don #39;t look to Iraq or tax policy.	0 1
0	Bush Says Debates Highlight His Record  LAS VEGAS - President Bush said Thursday the trio of prime-time debates with Sen. John Kerry demonstrated he is running on his record - and his opponent away from his own - even as the Republican campaign acknowledged that Kerry had gained from the confrontations viewed by tens of millions of Americans...	0 1
0	Sharon Expresses Optimism for Upcoming Year  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Thursday that 2005 will be "a year of great opportunity" in which Israel will have unprecedented chances to make peace with the Palestinians and improve relations with the rest of the world.	4
0	Kerry Pledges to Create Higher-Paying Jobs (AP)  AP - John Kerry headed to closely divided Pennsylvania and Wisconsin to tell voters he could produce better, higher-paying jobs from the White House than President Bush has.	0 1
0	Clinton Lending His Voice to Kerry Camp (AP)  AP - President Clinton can't put his recovering heart into John Kerry's election effort out on the campaign trail, but he is using his voice to help in the final weeks of the race.	1
0	Abbas, Barghouthi Running Even in Palestinian Poll   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Former Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas  and jailed grassroots leader Marwan Barghouthi are  neck-and-neck in the Palestinian presidential election race to  replace Yasser Arafat, an opinion poll showed Monday.	2
1	Smacking down Kristol and the GOP--long  Weekly Standard Editor and Project For a New American Century guru William Kristol is spouting the latest GOP talking point: Kerry is disgraceful for criticizing Bush and thus is unfit to be the President.	0 1
1	Ailing Arafat Faces Days of Medical Tests  Yasser Arafat will undergo a battery of medical tests on Saturday as French doctors try to discover whether the ailing Palestinian leader is suffering from leukemia or some other blood disorder.	2
1	Despite smiles, Bush #39;s visit to Canada chilly  OTTAWA - On his first official visit to Canada, President Bush on Tuesday faced a frosty public critical of many of his policies, most notably the war in Iraq, and his meeting with Prime Minister Paul Martin yielded little progress on trade issues that 	0
0	Israel can no longer say it has no Palestinian partner for peace <b>...</b>  JERUSALEM, Nov 10 (AFP) - Israel can no longer say it has no viable Palestinian partner for peace talks with the departure of veteran leader Yasser Arafat from the scene, opposition Labour leader Shimon Peres said Wednesday.	2
0	Kerry Decries Bush Plan to Recall Troops  CINCINNATI - John Kerry, telling fellow combat veterans he's their "true brother in arms," said Wednesday that President Bush's plan to withdraw U.S. troops from Europe and Asia would weaken U.S...	0 1
1	Stung, Sharon moves to renew coalition talks  JERUSALEM Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, described by aides as more angry than embarrassed over the Parliament #39;s symbolic repudiation of his term-opening speech, moved Tuesday to renew discussions with opposition parties over reshaping his minority 	4
1	Confident Bush Vows To Move Aggressively  President Bush vowed yesterday to use the  quot;political capital quot; gained from his victory on Tuesday to push an aggressive domestic agenda in a second term, beginning with limiting medical malpractice 	0
1	Kerry, Bush Stump for Every Last Vote  (Cleveland, Ohio and Dallas, Texas-WABC, November 1, 2004) - Monday may have been the longest day of a long campaign for president.	1
0	Qian criticism of Bush becomes an election issue  China has accused the administration of US President George W Bush of having opened a Pandora #39;s box, intensifying various intermingled conflicts such as ethnic and religious ones #39; #39;.	0
0	Gunfire disrupts Arafat mourning ceremony  Gunmen stormed into a mourning tent for Yasser Arafat in Gaza City Sunday night shortly after the arrival of the new leader of the Palestine Liberation Organization 	2
2	Unrelenting rivalry moves into lion #39;s den  The last time they saw each other, John Kerry was sitting in the Red Sox owner #39;s box on the eve of the Democratic National Convention and the front 	1
1	Bush names White House counsel to succeed outgoing attorney <b>...</b>  US President George W. Bush on Wednesday named White House counsel Alberto Gonzales as attorney general, making him the first Hispanic to hold a cabinet post in any US administration.	0
0	Bush: Kerry's Vietnam Tour 'More Heroic' (AP)  AP - President Bush said opponent John Kerry's service was "more heroic" than his during Vietnam, in an interview shown Saturday on NBC News.	0 1
0	Local Israeli And Palestinian Teens React To Arafat #39;s Death  The death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is deeply dividing an already torn Middle Eastern country. As Palestinians mourn the loss of their leader 	2
0	Bush: Terrorists May Plan More Attacks  WASHINGTON - Denying he has painted too rosy a picture about Iraq, President Bush said Thursday that terrorists could "plot and plan attacks elsewhere, in America and other free nations" if U.S. forces were withdrawn...	0
0	Bush Emphasizes Humanitarian Issues at UN (AP)  AP - President Bush, trying to soften his image overseas as a heavy-handed unilateralist, is using his annual address to the United Nations to offer up a brighter vision of a planet with less hunger, disease and oppression.	0
3	Selling The Ownership Society  Bush  amp; Co. are pitching self-sufficiency, urging voters to take control of health-care and Social Security decisions. Like the embattled hero of one of those old Ronald Reagan movies, George W. Bush is a lonely man with a tough road ahead.	0
0	Mugabe party told: we are at war with Blair  ZIMBABWE #39;S Foreign Minister ratcheted up hostility with its former colonial ruler yesterday, saying that his country was at  quot;war quot; with British Prime Minister Tony Blair.	3
1	Kerry Criticizes Bush Economic Record  Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry launched a new attack on President Bush #39;s economic record Wednesday in a speech in Detroit.	0 1
1	Comedians on the political campaign   quot;Well, the terror level on John Kerry #39;s face has been raised to orange. First, he gets the Botox. Now, he #39;s got the rich tan.	1
1	Film Fans Make Bush 'Movie Villain of the Year'   LONDON (Reuters) - President Bush may see himself as  defender of democracy and compassionate conservatism but  British film fans have voted him "Movie Villain of the Year."	0
0	Israel Winds Down Gaza Military Operation  JEBALIYA REFUGEE CAMP, Gaza Strip - Israel scaled back its 17-day offensive in the Gaza Strip on Friday, after Prime Minister Ariel Sharon heeded the army's warning that a long stay in crowded Palestinian areas is too risky and the United States called for a quick Israeli pullout.    Sharon's decision came just hours after he told legislators Thursday that "Operation Days of Penitence," meant to stop Palestinian rocket fire on Israeli communities, would continue and even be expanded...	4
1	For Kerry, a lag that mobilizes  John Kerry is right where he wants to be, Democrats ruefully joke: behind in the polls and remaking his campaign team. The Massachusetts 	1
0	Mideast Initiatives Follow Arafat's Death  The death of Yasser Arafat has brought a flurry of diplomatic initiatives in the Middle East by Arab, Palestinian and Israeli leaders aiming to revive long-stalled peace negotiations on several fronts.	2
0	China Plays Down Election Eve Barb Against Bush  China sought to play down election eve criticism of President Bush by a leading architect of its foreign policy, saying Beijing had clarified the issue with Washington.	0
1	Palestinians Register Candidates for New President  Palestinians began registering candidates on Saturday for a presidential election to replace Yasser Arafat, while officials warned the vote may be delayed if Israel does not halt military activities.	2
0	Sharon Vows Parliament Vote on Gaza Plan on Oct. 25  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon vowed on Monday to put his Gaza withdrawal plan to a parliamentary vote on Oct. 25, despite persistent violence in the coastal strip 	4
1	Debate bears risks, rewards for both candidates  President Bush and Sen. John Kerry share the stage for the first time Thursday in a crucial debate over their plans for ending violence in Iraq and their ability to protect Americans against terrorism.	0 1
0	Israel Talks Tough to Arafat  Silvan Shalom calls the veteran Palestinian leader a terrorist who has no place in the region. Arafat has been confined to his battered headquarters in the West Bank city of Ramallah for more than two years.	2
0	Bush Team Orchestrates Larger Ad Campaign (AP)  AP - President Bush's political team is orchestrating a vastly larger advertising campaign than thought possible under federal law, taking control of millions in Republican Party funds simply by inserting the phrase "our leaders in Congress" in selected commercials.	0
0	Specter May Not Bar Anti-Abortion Nominees (AP)  AP - After two days of appealing to fellow GOP senators, embattled Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania said he would make a public statement to assure Republicans at large he would not block anti-abortion judicial nominees from President Bush.	0
0	Sharon's Party Rebels, Imperils Gaza Pullout Plan (Reuters)  Reuters - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's Likud party has dealt a serious setback to his plan to evacuate occupied Gaza by voting to bar him from forging a broad coalition with the Labour opposition.	4
1	Legal fight over anti-Kerry film  The Democratic Party is to launch a legal challenge to try to stop a major US television company airing a critique of presidential candidate John Kerry.	1
0	Kerry, Bush War Records Raise Questions (AP)  AP - John Kerry's Vietnam War service records run to multiple medal commendations and a notation of "conspicuous gallantry" in combat. President Bush's file tracks the stateside career of a National Guard test pilot.	0 1
0	Arafat in intensive care  Yasser Arafat #39;s condition has suddenly worsened and he is in intensive care undergoing a new round of tests, Palestinian officials in France said today.	2
1	CBS News Anchor Dan Rather Resigns After 24 Years (Reuters)  Reuters - Veteran newsman Dan Rather, embroiled in a pre-election scandal over a story challenging President Bush's military service, said on Tuesday he will step down as the CBS television network's top news anchor.	0
0	Bush visits Chile for N. Korea arms talks  SANTIAGO, Chile - On his first foreign trip since being re-elected, President Bush is attending a regional summit this weekend with hopes of reviving diplomacy aimed at ending North Korea #39;s nuclear-arms program.	0
0	Ayad Allawi blamed US forces and Bush for massacre  Prime Minister Ayad Allawi partly blamed the American-led military forces on Tuesday for the massacre by insurgents of 49 freshly trained Iraqi soldiers on Saturday, saying the military had shown  quot; major negligence.	0
0	Reuters Poll: Bush and Kerry Still in Dead Heat (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush and Democratic Sen. John Kerry remain tied for the third consecutive day in the race for the White House, according to a Reuters/Zogby poll released on Wednesday.	0 1
0	Bush Campaign Raises  #36;260 Million Total (AP)  AP - President Bush raised a total of  #36;260 million for the primary-election phase of his campaign, taking in  #36;18 million last month alone before accepting full government financing for the race's final two months.	0
1	Israel won #39;t attend London Mideast conference  Israel will not attend a Middle East conference in London early next year but backs its stated aim of fostering Palestinian reform in pursuit of peace after Yasser Arafat #39;s death, a senior official says.	2
0	Kerry #39;s Policies and Views on North Korea Questioned  It was all very well for Senator John F. Kerry to say he would open bilateral talks with North Korea should he win November #39;s election, but the Democratic 	1
1	CBS: We were misled  CBS News plans to issue a statement, perhaps as early as today, acknowledging that it was misled on the purported National Guard memos the network used to charge that President Bush received favored treatment 30 years ago.	0
1	New Charges Heating the Air Before Debate  The presidential campaign is entering a pivotal two-week period at a boil, with Senator John Kerry and President Bush battling over the Iraq war and 	0
1	Sex at the plex (Variety)  Variety - THERE'S A SUDDEN abundance of movies out there focusing on edgy individuals -- Kerry, Bush, Clinton et al. -- but the film that may provoke the noisiest reaction is about someone who's been dead 50 years.	0 1
1	CBS again stands by its Bush report  CBS News last night aired a second defense of Thursday #39;s  quot;60 Minutes II quot; report that relied on documentation of President George W. Bush #39;s record in the National Guard, which numerous critics later charged had been forged.	0
0	Kerry Renews Call for Rumsfeld's Resignation (Reuters)  Reuters - John Kerry renewed his call on Wednesday for Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld's resignation and said the official investigation into abuses at Iraq's Abu Ghraib prison demonstrated a failure of civilian leadership.	1
0	British Home Secretary resigns  TONY EASTLEY: In Britain, Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s election hopes have been dealt a blow with the resignation of his Home Secretary, David Blunkett.	3
0	Israel accused of masterminding attacks  The suicide bombings in Sinai have triggered a wave of conspiracy theories in Egypt, where many believe Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and the Jews were behind the attacks.	4
1	France won #39;t release Arafat #39;s medical records  France has no intention of making Yasser Arafat #39;s medical records public and will leave the decision about what to do with them up to his family, the foreign minister said yesterday.	2
1	Arafat in good health, doctor says  The private doctor said Wednesday Palestinian President Yasser Arafat is in good health and tests showed his stomach is normal. Ashraf Kurdi, a neurologist and former Jordanian 	2
1	Gay Marriage  Just in time to disagree with President George W. Bush and the Republican Party #39;s draft platform, Vice President Dick Cheney says he wouldn #39;t back a constitutional amendment banning gay marriage.	0
1	Bush, Kerry on final blitz to break poll deadlock  MILWAUKEE US President George Bush and Senator John Kerry ended their presidential campaigns yesterday with a frenzied multistate push for decisive votes and with the outcome locked in a breathless dead heat.	1
1	Arafat in intensive care  Yasser Arafat on Thursday was in intensive care undergoing fresh tests after his condition took a sudden turn for the worse, Palestinian officials said.	2
1	Clear mandate will boost Bush #39;s authority, reach  His margin of victory in the Electoral College was close enough that for a while it seemed possible Ohio #39;s provisional ballots could change the outcome.	0
0	Blair advisers warned of Iraq chaos  LONDONTop British officials warned before the Iraq war that US President George W. Bush #39;s  quot;grudge match quot; against Saddam Hussein could result in post-war chaos, secret British government documents reveal.	0
0	Cleric Rushes to See Arafat; Burial Plans Proceed   PARIS (Reuters) - A top Muslim cleric rushed to Yasser  Arafat's hospital bedside on Wednesday, insisting the veteran  Palestinian leader was still alive even as aides arranged for  his burial and prepared for a transfer of power.	2
1	CBS  #39;redoubling #39; effort on documents  WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- CBS News on Wednesday defended a  quot;60 Minutes quot; report regarding President Bush #39;s Vietnam-era National Guard service, but said it would  quot;redouble quot; efforts to answer charges that the report relied on fake documents.	0
1	Bush Throws Down The Gauntlet  Mr. Bush #39;s hard-hitting speech in Wilkes-Barre, Pa. on Wednesday made his strategy for the remainder of the campaign crystal clear: a rousing, no-retreat defense of the Iraq war and a harsh critique of John 	0
0	Arafat is Dead - Palestinian Sources  Palestine #39;s leader Yasser Arafat has died, world media announced Tuesday afternoon, citing anonymous sources  quot;close quot; to Arafat.	2
0	Peace is nowhere in sight  Recent predictions that the death of Yasser Arafat will usher in a new era of Palestinian peacemaking are, I regret to say, a joke.	2
0	Cheney: Terrorists May Bomb U.S. Cities (AP)  AP - Vice President Dick Cheney on Tuesday raised the possibility of terrorists bombing U.S. cities with nuclear weapons and questioned whether Sen. John Kerry could combat such an "ultimate threat ... you've got to get your mind around."	1
0	Embattled Sharon Vows to Save Govt., Gaza Pullout  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, his government in ruins, vowed Thursday to rebuild it by recruiting the Labor Party to stave off snap elections and carry out his Gaza withdrawal plan on schedule in 2005.	4
0	Sharon and Abbas 'ready to meet'  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas say they are willing to hold talks.	4
1	Sharon, now a dear old softy, can only detract from Palestinian <b>...</b>  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is not known for a kindly disposition toward the Palestinians, nor for a gentle approach to the issue of a Palestinian state.	4
0	Blair to go to West Bank next week  Prime Minister Tony Blair will meet moderate Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas in the West Bank next week in the highest-level visit since Yasser Arafat #39;s death, a Palestinian official says.	2 3
1	Arafat  #39;in the hands of God #39;: Palestinian official  PARIS : Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is still alive but  quot;in the hands of God, quot; the Palestinian representative in France Leila Shahid said Wednesday.	2
0	Arafat Urges Palestinians to 'Correct Mistakes'   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian President  Yasser Arafat, under pressure to enact anti-corruption reforms,  said on Wednesday that some officials had misused their posts  and urged efforts to correct "all the mistakes."	2
0	Palestinian leadership hinges on Arafat fortune: Israel  Israeli Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom says any debate among Palestinians as to who will lead in the absence of the ailing Yasser Arafat is related to Mr Arafat #39;s personal fortune.	2
0	Bush Defends Presidency Against Kerry (AP)  AP - On the defensive over job losses and health care woes, President Bush sought Wednesday night to make the campaign a referendum on his rival  #151; casting Democratic Sen. John Kerry as out of the mainstream, a liberal whose rhetoric doesn't match his record.	0 1
1	Was Bush Wired? Ridiculous, Campaign Says  CHANHASSEN, Minn. - Campaign aides to President Bush on Saturday laughed off rampant Internet speculation about whether the president was wired to get help from advisers during his first debate with Sen...	0
0	Dyke launches scathing attack on Blair  Former BBC director general Greg Dyke has launched a scathing attack on the Government over the Hutton report. He said Tony Blair had  quot;unleashed the dogs quot; after the report found the BBC had been wrong to claim 	3
0	Unions Protest New Overtime Regulations  WASHINGTON - Several hundred union members marched outside the Labor Department to protest new overtime pay regulations taking effect Monday, with two senators pledging to try to roll them back when Congress returns from recess.    Protesters, many wearing union T-shirts, carried signs such as "President Bush: Hands off my overtime pay," and chanted, "Come on all you billionaires, give us wages that are fair."  "The fight is not over yet," said Republican Sen...	0
1	Irish talks fall at DUP hurdle  Tony Blair #39;s bid to revive one of the crowning achievements of his seven-year premiership - the Good Friday Agreement - failed yesterday.	3
1	Kerry Hits Back  THE Republicans call him Lurch - a cruel jibe about the size of his lantern jaw. John Kerrys nickname, comparing him to the Frankenstein monster butler in the 1960s TV show The Addams Family, was pretty 	1
0	Kerry Urges Bush to Demand Attacks Stop  EAST HAMPTON, N.Y. - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry on Saturday night urged President Bush to "stand up and stop" what he called personal attacks on him over his combat record in Vietnam...	0 1
1	CBS Names Panel to Probe Bush Guard Story (AP)  AP - CBS News appointed former U.S. Attorney General Dick Thornburgh and former Associated Press chief executive Louis Boccardi to investigate what went wrong with its story on President Bush's service in the National Guard.	0
0	Brother Confirms British Hostage Is Dead  BAGHDAD, Iraq - British hostage Kenneth Bigley, who pleaded tearfully last month for Prime Minister Tony Blair to meet his kidnappers' demands, was beheaded by his captors, his brother said Friday.    Blair condemned the killers as "barbaric" and said they must not be allowed to prevail over those trying to rebuild Iraq...	3
1	Recuperating Clinton campaigns for John Kerry!  Following major heart surgery, a thin and gaunt Bill Clinton joined Democrat Presidential John Kerry #39;s election campaign and tried to pull maximum support for Kerry.	1
1	Israel Hunts for Militants After Twin Bus Bombings  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon ordered the army to hunt down Palestinian militants after 16 people were killed in back-to-back suicide bombings by the militant Islamic Hamas group.	4
1	Bush wins popular vote in electoral nail-biter; Kerry weighing <b>...</b>  WASHINGTON (CP) - President George W. Bush inched closer to a second term on Wednesday as aides to Democratic challenger John Kerry considered conceding the state of Ohio after an election cliffhanger that ultimately showed Americans were wary of dumping 	0 1
0	Bush Says New Asian Solidarity on North Korea   SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - President Bush declared a  united front on Saturday between the United States and Asian  allies on demanding North Korea return to stalled talks about  giving up its nuclear weapons program.	0
0	Israel Cabinet Agrees to Free Jailed Palestinians (Reuters)  Reuters - Israel's cabinet agreed on Sunday to free dozens of Palestinian prisoners in a move meant to show goodwill ahead of elections to replace Yasser Arafat, officials said.	2
1	Citing Prison Abuse and Iraq  #39;Failures, #39; Kerry Demands That <b>...</b>  Teeing off two reports detailing abuses at the Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq, Senator John Kerry on Wednesday renewed his call for Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld 	1
3	Bush Upholds US Penalty Tariffs on Asian Shrimp Imports  The Bush administration upheld the imposition of penalty tariffs on shrimp imports from China and Vietnam yesterday, handing a victory to beleaguered US shrimp producers.	0
1	Terrorism Must Be Fought Without Compromise, #39; Sharon Says  The bomb attacks in Egypt last week that killed 32 people, 13 of them Israelis, show that the war against terrorism must be fought without compromise, everywhere, #39; #39; Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said.	4
1	Chaos cuts it short as cops fire over huge throng to prevent riot  Yasser Arafat was buried yesterday in the courtyard of his West Bank headquarters in a chaotic funeral riddled with the sounds of gunshots, screams and tears of mourning.	2
0	Israeli Settler Pay Approved; Sharon Faces Threats   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's security cabinet approved  cash advances Tuesday to entice Gaza settlers to evacuate their  homes, as police investigated death threats against Prime  Minister Ariel Sharon sparked by his pullout plan.	4
1	Weak US jobs data delivers blow for Bush  President Bush #39;s re-election hopes suffered a blow yesterday with news that the economy created just 96,000 new jobs in September, considerably fewer than expected.	0
1	Iraq, Arafat and others  Sir: I am a British Muslim citizen of Bangladeshi origin. My 19-year-old student son is in the London Regiment as an infantryman and now serving in Iraq.	2
0	For the President, Special Setup Is Planned at Convention  For greater intimacy, President Bush will give his acceptance speech at the Republican National Convention from a small circular stage in a sea of thousands of delegates and other guests.	0
0	Iraq election campaign under way, Bush warns Iran, Syria to keep <b>...</b>  BAGHDAD - Campaigning for the first post-Saddam Hussein elections got under way on Thursday amid more bloodshed, as US President George W. Bush warned Iran and Syria to stop meddling in Iraq in the run-up to the vote.	0
1	Bush, Kerry Sharpen Attacks on Each Other #39;s Anti-Terror Policies  President Bush and his Democratic Party challenger Senator John Kerry traded barbs Friday on terrorism and domestic issues. The criticisms are growing sharper with less than two weeks left in the presidential campaign.	0 1
1	Witness breaks silence - backs Kerry #39;s story  CHICAGO -- A Chicago Tribune editor who was on the Vietnam mission for which John Kerry received the Silver Star is backing up Kerry #39;s account of the incident.	1
0	EU anger over Blair  #39;wake up #39; call  Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s call for Europe to wake up to the reality of George Bush #39;s re-election as US President gained a frosty reception in Brussels.	3
0	Bush, Kerry prepare for first debate (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush and Democratic rival John Kerry drilled behind closed doors ahead of the first of three debates that could decide their hard-fought battle for the White House.	0 1
0	Sharon vows to step up assault on Gaza strip as death toll rises  Ariel Sharon said yesterday that an assault on the Gaza strip that has claimed more than 60 lives and injured 250 people - the bloodiest of the intifada - will be expanded until it puts an end to Hamas rocket strikes against Israel.	4
0	Bush Urges World to Unite With Iraq  UNITED NATIONS Sept. 21, 2004 - President Bush, defending his decision to invade Iraq, urged a vast assembly of world leaders Tuesday to stand united with the country #39;s struggling government and said the 	0
0	1 Dead 5 Injured at Arafat Mourning Tent in Gaza  A shooting at a tent set up for mourners of Yasser Arafat in Gaza City has left at least one security guard dead and five others injured.	2
1	Palestinians strive for post-Arafat security  RAMALLAH, West Bank: Palestinian leaders drew up plans at a series of meetings Sunday in a bid to prevent an outbreak of violence and ensure a smooth transfer of power in the event of Yasser Arafat #39;s death.	2
0	Blunkett resigns, Charles Clarke new home secretary:  World News: London, Dec 16 : British Prime Minister Tony Blair moved quickly to fill the political vacuum created by David Blunkett #39;s resignation as home secretary, appointing Education Secretary Charles Clarke in his place.	3
0	Iraq, Terrorist Record Stretched Two Ways (AP)  AP - President Bush spoke as if al-Qaida leaves senior positions vacant when its top operatives are taken down, boasting in his debate with John Kerry that three-quarters of the terrorist network's leaders are gone. His Democratic opponent spoke as if only the rich got a tax cut under Bush, when in fact taxpayers in all income groups did.	0 1
0	Kerry cheers return of Clinton to campaign trail (AFP)  AFP - Former president Bill Clinton's long-awaited comeback to the campaign trail will provide an extra incentive for faithful Democratic supporters to get out to the polls on November 2, Democratic presidential challenger John Kerry said, as the final week of campaigning gets underway.	1
1	Bush, Cheney press attack on Kerry remark  President Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney on Monday continued to hammer away at a statement that Sen. John Kerry made in a lengthy article, both men insisting it #39;s evidence the 	0 1
0	Abbas, Barghouthi Running Even in Palestinian Poll  Former Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas and jailed grassroots leader Marwan Barghouthi are neck-and-neck in the Palestinian presidential election race to replace Yasser Arafat, an opinion poll showed Monday.	2
1	Analysis: Sharon doesn #39;t fear Arafat #39;s passing  There is a spring in the step of Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon these days: His lifelong archenemy Yasser Arafat who seemed to be indestructible is dying, his eternal challenger 	2 4
1	Israel: Palestinian State Shelved with US Blessing  Israel #39;s plan to withdraw from occupied Gaza will prevent a Palestinian state emerging and freeze peacemaking, and all with Washington #39;s approval, a key adviser to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Wednesday.	4
0	Health of Arafat to shake up Mideast  The planned departure today of the ailing Yasser Arafat from his battered compound -- a decade after he arrived in the West Bank with the promise of Palestinian nationhood -- could mark the end of an era.	2
3	Kerry vs. Bush: Who Wins?  Two Fools duel over the candidates' economic policies.	0 1
1	Bush Foresaw No War Casualties, Robertson Recalls  The president was the  #39;most self-assured man I ever met #39; during a 2003 encounter, televangelist says. The White House says he #39;s got it wrong.	0
1	Bush Gives CIA Director More Power  President Bush signed executive orders and directives yesterday bolstering the authority of the CIA director over the nation #39;s intelligence programs and budgets, signaling a renewed effort by 	0
1	With Arafat ailing, Palestinian prime minister holds unity talks  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip -- As Yasser Arafat lies in a coma in a French hospital, the Palestinian prime minister has made a rare visit to Gaza to keep the region calm.	2
0	Decapitation Of British Hostage Shown On Internet  An Islamist website has posted a video showing the beheading of Kenneth Bigley, a British man taken hostage in Iraq. The man is seen pleading to British Prime Minister Tony Blair.	3
3	Congress's Analysts See Worsening Deficit   WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. budget deficit will balloon  to  $2.29 trillion over the next decade, congressional analysts  said on Tuesday, a worse outlook than previously forecast and  one likely to stir election-year debate about President Bush's  economic policies.	0
1	Digging out from the storm  Florida digs out from Hurricane Frances today, while Bill Clinton recuperates from bypass surgery in New York. Meanwhile, John Kerry #39;s quest for his own recovery winds 	1
1	Bush vows to work with Democrats  President Bush gave a preview of his second term on Thursday, telling reporters that, having cut his  quot;political eye teeth, quot; he was eager to work with Democrats to begin carrying out the changes he has been promising.	0
1	Bush condemns Taba explosions  President George W. Bush on Friday condemned the attacks in Egypt that killed at least 28 people and offered help to the Egyptian government as it seeks those responsible.	0
1	Bush says report shows invasion right  President George W. Bush said Thursday conclusions in a controversial weapons inspector #39;s report showed ousting Saddam Hussein  quot;was the right thing to do.	0
1	Bush Now Saying  #39;We Will Win #39; Terror War  NASHVILLE, Tenn. Aug. 31, 2004 - President Bush will tell the nation #39;s largest veterans #39; group Tuesday that  quot;we will win quot; the war on terror, seeking to quell controversy and Democratic criticism of his remark 	0
1	Blair defends Iraq war, urges party to heal rifts  BRIGHTON, ENGLAND -- British Prime Minister Tony Blair tried yesterday to heal divisions over the Iraq war and unite his Labour party to fight for a historic third term in power.	3
1	Sudan agrees peace plan after Blair sets deadline  Sudan agreed to a five-point peace plan for the war-torn region of Darfur yesterday after Tony Blair set a three-month deadline for an end to the long-running conflict.	3
1	Last US election debate considered critical in deadlocked race  WASHINGTON (CP) - In the last televised debate of the US election campaign on Wednesday, President George W. Bush and John Kerry each hoped to break the deadlock gripping the race.	0 1
0	Blair Seeks Africa Action Plan at Ethiopia Summit (Reuters)  Reuters - British Prime Minister Tony Blair was in Ethiopia on Thursday to chair a summit he hopes will turn Africa's problems into a global priority.	3
0	Sinclair Airs Anti-Kerry Material (AP)  AP - Sinclair Broadcast's program featuring material from a documentary critical of John Kerry aired Friday night, devoting as much coverage to the controversy as the film that sparked the uproar.	1
0	Economists: Bush, Kerry Job Plans Lacking  WASHINGTON - President Bush says his economic policies, including billions of dollars in tax cuts, are helping to create new jobs. But not the millions he promised...	0
0	Bush Visits Fla., Signs Disaster Aid Bill  PORT ST. LUCIE, Fla...	0
1	Now, it #39;s your turn  The wartime presidential race between President Bush and Sen. John Kerry heads to its presumed photo finish this morning as voting precincts open across Arizona and the nation, and with public opinion polls showing crucial states could go either way.	0 1
0	Bush warns Iran and Syria over Iraq  The US President, George W Bush, has warned Iran and Syria against interfering in Iraq ahead of next month #39;s elections there. President Bush said he expected all of Iraq #39;s neighbours to stop the flow of people and money that could be of use to terrorists.	0
0	Aide: Gaza Plan Aims to Block Statehood  JERUSALEM - A top aide to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon was quoted as saying Wednesday that Israel's planned withdrawal from the Gaza Strip is intended to block Palestinian statehood indefinitely and claimed the policy had U.S. backing...	4
0	September Job Growth Less Than Forecast  WASHINGTON - Companies added 96,000 jobs to their payrolls in September, fewer than economists forecast for the last employment report before Election Day. The figures underscored the modest hiring pace that has become an issue in President Bush's re-election bid...	0
1	Bush, Kerry #39;s oral duel on terror  US President George W. Bush and his Democratic rival John Kerry have argued over who should lead the nation in the war on terror. Their oral duel in the final stretch of US 	0 1
0	Palestinians to set date for elections for Arafat successor  RAMALLAH, West Bank Palestinian officials are pushing ahead with plans for life without Yasser Arafat. The officials met today to set a date for elections to replace their longtime leader after his death last week.	2
1	Bush should obey Geneva Conventions  President George W. Bush should stop flouting federal and international law over the legal status of detainees in US custody at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.	0
1	Court appointees likely in second Bush term  With an aging Supreme Court, newly re-elected President Bush could replace a number of justices over the next four years. The youngest Supreme Court justice is 56 years old, the oldest 	0
0	No euthanasia for Arafat: Shaath  Palestinian Foreign Minister Nabil Shaath has denied reports that President Yasser Arafat is dead, adding that Islam did not allow for him to be taken off life-support.	2
0	Bush Aides Laugh Off 'Wired Debate' Rumor (AP)  AP - Campaign aides to President Bush on Saturday laughed off rampant Internet speculation about whether the president was wired to get help from advisers during his first debate with Sen. John Kerry. "It's not true. It's ridiculous," Bush campaign spokesman Scott Stanzel said.	0 1
0	Edwards Blasts Bush on Iraq War, Economy (AP)  AP - Sen. John Edwards, answering President Bush's blistering criticism of Democrat John Kerry, contended Wednesday that the Republican was "completely out of touch with reality" about the Iraq war and the economy.	0 1
1	CBS Sorry for Preempting Hit Drama with Arafat Report (Reuters)  Reuters - The CBS television network apologized to viewers on Thursday for interrupting the last five minutes of a hit detective drama with a special report on the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat.	2
0	2004 Deficit Hits Record  $214 Billion  WASHINGTON - The federal deficit surged to a record  $413 billion in 2004, the Treasury Department announced Thursday, injecting the figure into a presidential campaign in which the two parties have clashed over President Bush's management of the economy and the budget.    The number was a significant improvement from the shortfalls that analysts projected earlier this year, including a  $521 billion estimate the Bush administration made in February...	0
0	Blair outlines 'immense and powerful' moral case for helping Africa (AFP)  AFP - British Prime Minister Tony Blair issued a clarion call for the world to help Africa free itself from poverty, disease and conflict, describing his personal crusade for the continent as  quot;the one noble cause worth fighting for quot;.	3
1	Kerry #39;s Attacks on Bush Ripped From Paper  When John Kerry wants to make a point, he rips the headlines from the day #39;s newspapers and works them into his stump speeches, highlighting bad news about the economy, gas 	1
0	Next Question (washingtonpost.com)  washingtonpost.com - President Bush and Colombian President Alvaro Uribe were dripping with sweat as they took questions from reporters at the end of Bush's four-hour visit last week to Cartagena, a port that was built as a defense against pirates and now tries to fend off cocaine traffickers and leftist terrorists.	0
1	Cheney: Kerry took poll to set stance on tape  LOS LUNAS, NM - Vice President Dick Cheney said Sunday that Sen. John Kerry #39;s first response to Osama bin Laden #39;s new videotape was to take a poll to find out what he should say about it.	1
0	Britons Prefer Kerry to Bush for World Safety  A large majority of Britons think a US election victory for John Kerry is the best outcome for global security, according to a new poll in a Sunday newspaper.	0 1
0	Cabinet approves Gaza compensation  JERUSALEM -- Israel's Cabinet approved compensation yesterday for settlers who will be uprooted by Ariel Sharon's program to withdraw from the Gaza Strip and part of the West Bank, handing the prime minister an important victory two days before a showdown in parliament over the pullout.	4
0	Israel mum on who it wants to lead Palestinians  Israeli leaders are hopeful that Palestinians will choose a moderate and responsible successor to Yasser Arafat, the Palestinian Authority president who died Thursday.	2
3	Oil: Price below US $50 as downturn resumes  NEW YORK - Oil fell back below US $50 on Thursday, resuming a downturn that has cut prices 11 per cent from record highs and ending a brief rally following President George W. Bush #39;s US election victory.	0
3	Senate approves corporate tax bill  The Senate gave final approval Monday to the most significant corporate tax legislation in nearly 20 years, sending President Bush a sprawling, 650-page measure that closes 	0
1	Former POWs Blame Kerry for Captivity (AP)  AP - Former U.S. prisoners of war who blamed their years of captivity in Vietnam on activists such as John Kerry are the only voices in a documentary that Sinclair Broadcasting has decided not to air in its entirety.	1
1	World: Mixed Reviews For Bush  European leaders urged President Bush to work closely with America #39;s allies on issues like terrorism and the environment in his second term, while critics of the president worried re-election would embolden him to pursue conservative policies 	0
0	'Batman' Scales Buckingham Palace in Fathers' Protest   LONDON (Reuters) -  A campaigner dressed as Batman, from  the fathers' rights group that pelted Prime Minister Tony Blair  with flour-filled condoms, staged a dramatic protest on a  Buckingham Palace balcony Monday.	3
3	Bush seen keeping economic team for now  WASHINGTON - President Bush, re-elected on Tuesday, is likely to stick closely to the status quo in his economic team, leaving it up to top officials such as Treasury Secretary John Snow whether to stay or to go.	0
1	Tony Blair to undergo procedure for heart flutter  British Prime Minister Tony Blair is about to undergo heart procedure to correct a continuing  quot;flutter, quot; his office announced late Thursday.	3
1	Gay-nups ban in cards, sez Rove  President Bush need not worry any longer about getting reelected, but he  quot;absolutely quot; plans to champion a gay marriage ban anyway, his top political adviser promised yesterday.	0
0	US President sticks to January election for Iraq  US President George W. Bush and Iraqi interim President Ghazi al-Yawar, have re-stated their firm commitment to holding elections on January 30, despite an upsurge in violence in Iraq.	0
0	Israel gestures toward peace  WASHINGTON - Under US encouragement and, in some cases, pressure, Israel has quietly taken steps aimed at strengthening the standing of Palestinian moderates and has agreed to consider others now after the death of the Palestinian leader, Yasser Arafat 	2
1	Recounts Pending As State Certifies Presidential Election  COLUMBUS, Ohio -- The state certified a 2 percentage-point election victory for President George W. Bush on Monday even as independent candidates, strengthened by a federal court ruling, prepared to demand recounts in all 88 counties.	0
0	Palestinians Pledge Vote to Replace Arafat   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat's successors  promised a swift election to replace him on Saturday as  Palestinians flocked to his tomb to pay last respects to the  former guerrilla who symbolized their hopes of a state.	2
2	Sports and Politics  On Tuesday, millions of Americans will decide whether George W. Bush or John F. Kerry will be president of the United States for the next four years.	0
0	Ex-Bush Campaign Official Pleads Innocent (AP)  AP - President Bush's former New England campaign chairman pleaded innocent Monday to charges that he took part in the jamming of the Democrats' get-out-the-vote phone lines on Election Day 2002.	0
0	Senate Set to Approve Goss As Head of CIA (AP)  AP - The Republican-led Senate was poised to approve President Bush's choice to head the CIA, Rep. Porter Goss, over protests from some Democrats who say he has too many Republican ties for a job that requires independence.	0
0	Abbas, clear favourite to succeed Arafat, escapes from Gaza <b>...</b>  GAZA CITY, Nov 14 (AFP) - Gunmen killed two members of the security services in Gaza City Sunday as PLO chairman Mahmud Abbas visited a mourning tent for Yasser Arafat, underlining fears the Palestinian leader #39;s death could trigger an upsurge in 	2
0	GOP Gets House to Nix Draft Bill 402-2 (AP)  AP - House Republicans sought to quash a persistent Internet rumor that President Bush wants to reinstate the draft if he is re-elected, engineering an overwhelming vote Tuesday killing legislation that would do just that.	0
0	Palestinian Leaders to Visit Arafat Despite Wife #39;s Objections  Palestinian leaders say they will go ahead with their trip to Paris to consult with French doctors about Yasser Arafat #39;s health, despite vehement objections by Mr.	2
0	Bush win: Boon or bane for Blair?  Prime Minister Tony Blair congratulated US President George W. Bush on his re-election, pledging to work with him in the war on terrorism and to revitalize the Middle East peace process.	0 3
1	Arafat records rule out poisoning, newphew says  PARIS - Yasser Arafat #39;s medical records show no sign that he was poisoned but are inconclusive, his nephew said Monday. At a news conference in Paris, Nasser al-Kidwa pinned some of the blame for the death 	2
0	Arafat's Condition Critical as Confusion Mounts (Reuters)  Reuters - Palestinian President Yasser Arafat remained in a critical condition on Saturday, a senior aide said, despite a media report that he might have opened his eyes and talked to doctors.	2
0	Palestinian official denies committee to act for ailing Arafat  A senior Palestinian official denied Thursday that a three-man committee has been appointed to act for the ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, who was in critical condition after a stomach flu Wednesday.	2
0	Kerry, Bush exchange blows over Iraq as president addresses UN (AFP)  AFP - Democratic White House hopeful John Kerry on Tuesday renewed his pointed attacks on President George W. Bush's handling of Iraq, accusing him of failing to  quot;level with the world's leaders quot; about the war during his speech at the United Nations.	0 1
1	Bush, Kerry Both Claim Victory After Debate  President Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry are back on the campaign trail, following Thursday #39;s debate. Opening a rally in the key swing state of Pennsylvania, President Bush set aside his standard campaign speech for some post-debate analysis.	0 1
3	Bush Nominates Head of Kellogg  Carlos M. Gutierrez #39;s life story is the kind that President Bush admires: The son of a Cuban political refugee, he worked his way from delivering Frosted Flakes in the toughest sections 	0
1	Bush calls for broader Iraq debt relief  SANTIAGO, Nov 21 (AFP) - US President George W. Bush on Sunday welcomed newly scheduled Iraq elections and a deal to shave billions of dollars off the war-torn country #39;s debt, calling on all creditors to follow suit.	0
0	Bush's Messages to Nations Hit by Tsunami (AP)  AP - President Bush signed messages of condolence Monday at embassies of the four nations hit hardest by the tsunami. The messages also were signed by First Lady Laura Bush and former Presidents Clinton and Bush. Here is what the president wrote in each book:	0
1	Kerry Urges Bush to Demand Attacks Stop  EAST HAMPTON, NY Aug. 21, 2004 - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry on Saturday night urged President Bush to  quot;stand up and stop quot; what he called personal attacks on him over his combat record in Vietnam.	0 1
0	Arafat: a survivor of many close encounters  Ramallah, West Bank - Yasser Arafat, fighting for his life in a Paris hospital, has cheated death on several fronts during a 40-year career as the symbol of the struggle for Palestinian statehood.	2
0	Dan Rather's Future a Complicated Question  NEW YORK - In Kansas City, Mo., it's Kirk Black's job to answer for Dan Rather. The station manager of KCTV, like his colleagues at many other CBS affiliates, is facing a flood of calls and e-mails from viewers angry at Dan Rather for relying on apparently fake documents to suggest President Bush's National Guard service record was less than stellar...	0
1	Guard memos on Bush fake, says squadron leader #39;s son  The son of President Bush #39;s former squadron commander is disputing the authenticity of memos allegedly written by his father that are critical of Bush #39;s service in the Texas Air National Guard.	0
0	Blair Rules Out Iraq Civilian Death Toll Probe  British Prime Minister Tony Blair rejected a call Wednesday for an independent inquiry into the civilian death toll in the US-led war in Iraq.	3
1	Cardiologist explains procedure  Cardiologist Punit Ramrakha explained in a detailed statement why he is treating British Prime Minister Tony Blair for heart palpitations.	3
0	Aide: Arafat Not In Coma, In ICU  (CBS/AP) A senior aide to Yasser Arafat said early Sunday that the ailing Palestinian leader was not comatose but still in intensive care.	2
0	Israel's Parliament Likely to Approve Gaza Pullout   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's divided parliament is widely  expected to ratify Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's Gaza  withdrawal plan on Tuesday, a pivotal step toward the first  evacuation of settlers from lands Palestinians want for a  state.	4
1	Bush Picks Campaign Manager Mehlman to Be Republican Party Head  President George W. Bush selected Ken Mehlman, his campaign manager, to serve as chairman of the Republican National Committee. Mehlman, 38, who earlier worked as the White House director 	0
0	Bush Likely to Raise Currency Issue with China's Hu  <p></p><p> WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Bush is likely to raiseU.S. concerns about China's currency policies when he meets ata summit in Chile with Chinese President Hu Jintao, a seniorU.S. official said on Wednesday.</p>	0
0	Kerry, Bush scramble for votes (AFP)  AFP - With only five days left before the election, Democrat John Kerry tried to fire up voters in the hope a higher turnout will give him the keys to the White House, as President George W. Bush insisted his challenger lacks the mettle of a commander in chief.	0 1
0	Blair to hold talks with Bush in Washington  British Prime Minister Tony Blair is scheduled to hold talks with newly-re-elected US President George Bush in Washington Thursday and Friday.	0 3
0	Blair rejects demands to apologize (Updated 12:44 AM)  Prime Minister Tony Blair weathered yet another storm over the Iraq conflict on Wednesday, vigorously denying he misled Britain over Iraqi weapons and refusing to apologize for the war.	3
1	Blair deplores Iraq hostage killing as brother faults UK  Prime Minister Tony Blair condemned the killers of British hostage Kenneth Bigley as  quot;barbaric, quot; and most of the victim #39;s relatives praised his handling of the crisis.	3
0	Bush Blasts Kerry, Signs Tax Bill in Iowa  CLIVE, Iowa - President Bush said Monday that rival John Kerry's foreign policy stands "are dangerous for world peace," leveling some of his harshest criticism of the campaign during a trip to an important battleground state. Bush also signed tax relief legislation for 94 million Americans and hit Kerry on that issue, too...	0 1
1	Mary Cheney, say something  The Bush and Kerry girls are on the campaign trail, telling family tales aimed at giving us a glimpse of the private men - the fathers -ighting for the White House.	1
0	Kerik Made Millions From Agency Contractor (AP)  AP - Bernard Kerik, President Bush's choice to run the Homeland Security Department, made  #36;6.2 million by exercising stock options he received from a company that sold stun guns to the department  #151; and seeks more business with it.	0
1	Judges Bar Party Challengers at Ohio Polls  Marine One with President Bush and first Laura Bush taxi as they arrive at a campaign rally at ABX Air Hangar Monday, Nov. 1, 2004 in Wilmington, Ohio.	0
1	Smear by veterans may hurt Bush  WASHINGTON I HAVE VIVID memories of John E. O #39;Neill #39;s first incarnation as an attack dog trained to go after John Kerry more than 33 years ago, using techniques 	1
1	US jobless rate lowest in two years  The US economy added 144,000 jobs in August, dropping the unemployment rate to its lowest level in nearly two years and handing George W. Bush fresh ammunition to claim that life is getting better for Americans.	0
0	Arafat health unclear, but improving aides say  As Yasser Arafat enters his fourth day of treatment at a hospital in Paris, France, the Palestinian leader #39;s aides will say his condition is improving, but not what ails him.	2
0	Blair wins talks with Bush on Middle East peace drive  Tony Blair will fly to Washington this week to launch a new Middle East peace initiative alongside George Bush, in a bid to show he can reap the rewards of the special relationship.	0 3
0	Bush Recasts Rationale For War After Report  Bush shifts his arguments from warnings that Hussein actually possessed weapons of mass destruction to talking almost exclusively about the dictator's intent.	0
1	Arafat #39;s nephew arrives in France  PARIS - The nephew of the late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat arrived today at Paris #39; Charles de Gaulle airport from Cairo to pick up the deceased leader #39;s medical records, an AFP journalist reported.	2
0	Israeli Settler Pay Approved, Sharon Faces Threats   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's security cabinet approved  cash advances on Tuesday to entice Gaza settlers to evacuate  their homes, while police investigated death threats against  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon sparked by his pullout plan.	4
0	Gaza Gunmen Kidnap Senior Palestinian Official   GAZA (Reuters) - Palestinian gunmen kidnapped a top  security official in the Gaza Strip on Thursday in a fresh  challenge to President Yasser Arafat's rule amid a wave of  unrest.	2
1	A moderate voice leaves the world stage  The impending departure of Secretary of State Colin L. Powell, with the mutual consent of President Bush, signals the final fadeout of the leading 	0
0	Bigley #39;s death a blow for Blair  London - The killing of hostage Kenneth Bigley is a blow for British Prime Minister Tony Blair, who - with a general election likely in early 2005 - has been struggling to escape the long shadow of Iraq.	3
0	AP Poll: Kerry Holds Small Lead Over Bush  WASHINGTON - Sen. John Kerry has taken a slim lead over President Bush, according to an Associated Press poll that shows the president's support tumbling on personal qualities, the war in Iraq and the commander in chief's bedrock campaign issue - national security...	0 1
2	Bush urges baseball to  quot;address ... serious problem quot; of steroids  WHITE HOUSE President Bush is joining the chorus of those who want Major League Baseball to crack down on steroid use. Press Secretary Scott McClellan says the president is calling on baseball players and owners to  quot;address this serious problem.	0
1	Arafat is rushed to hospital near Paris for tests  Palestinians expressed sorrow and anxiety at the thought of a future without Yasser Arafat, wondering if his absence from the Palestinian territories would bring a bloody 	2
0	Bush Inks Bill to Halt Steroid Precursors (AP)  AP - President Bush on Friday signed legislation that would curtail sales of steroid precursors and seek to stiffen penalties for offenses involving anabolic steroids.	0
0	Bush Blames Defect for Flu Shot Shortage  ST. PETERSBURG, Fla...	0
0	Kerik Withdraws His Name for DHS Chief (AP)  AP - Former New York Police Commissioner Bernard Kerik, President Bush's choice to be homeland security secretary, has withdrawn his name from consideration, the White House announced late Friday.	0
0	More GIs, Families Trust Bush, Poll Finds (AP)  AP - When asked whom they would trust as commander in chief, people in military service and their families chose President Bush over Sen. John Kerry, a decorated Vietnam veteran, by almost a 3-to-1 margin.	0 1
0	Tony Blair to undergo procedure for heart flutter  British Prime Minister Tony Blair is about to undergo heart procedure to correct a continuing  quot;flutter, quot; his office announced late Thursday.	3
1	Bush and Kerry gear up for first debate  President George W. Bush and Democratic rival Senator John Kerry have. wrapped up practice sessions for their first debate with 	0 1
1	Competing polls of US children reveal strikingly different results  Two national polls of American children have markedly different results this year, one showing President Bush a clear winner, and the other predicting an even bigger win for Sen. John Kerry.	0 1
1	Campaigns spell out debate rules for candidates  There is a lot of fine print in the document spelling out rules for the debates between President Bush and Democratic challenger Sen. John Kerry.	0 1
0	Bush weighs in to N Ireland peace process  United States President George W Bush has made a rare intervention in the Northern Ireland peace process, telephoning hardline Protestant leader Ian Paisley to urge him to make a deal with Sinn Fein.	0
0	Thousands Hit NYC Streets; Cheney Arrives  NEW YORK - Tens of thousands of demonstrators marched past the Madison Square Garden site of the Republican National Convention on Sunday, chanting, blowing whistles and carrying anti-war banners as delegates gathered to nominate President Bush for a second term.    On the eve of the convention, the demonstrators packed the street from sidewalk to sidewalk for 20 blocks as they slowly filed past...	0
0	Document: Bush Leaves Military Service (AP)  AP - The White House said seven months ago that it had released all the records on President Bush's stateside military service during the Vietnam War, yet new records are still dribbling out as Election Day approaches.	0
1	Bush, Kerry down to wire  George W. Bush and John Kerry threw a flurry of swipes at each other Sunday as they prepared for a frenzied final day of campaigning today through a handful of swing states that could decide the US presidency.	0 1
0	Move communities, settlers ask  JERUSALEM -- Residents of some Jewish settlements in the northern Gaza Strip have proposed that their entire communities be moved to locations inside Israel under Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's plan to withdraw from Gaza next year, a lawmaker said yesterday.	4
0	Bush, Kerry Rev Up for Campaign Face-Off (AP)  AP - It's a classic pre-debate dance, maybe as important as the matchup itself: lower expectations for your candidate's performance and jab the other guy while you're at it. While President Bush and Democrat John Kerry remained secluded half a country apart on Sunday in preparation for their prime-time showdown Thursday, representatives for each side employed their own double-barreled debate strategy.	0 1
0	Arafat Admits Palestinians Made Mistakes  RAMALLAH, West Bank - Yasser Arafat acknowledged Wednesday that the Palestinian Authority had made "mistakes," but the rare admission appeared to be aimed more at deflecting criticism about his corrupt government than making real changes.    In a decade at the helm of the Palestinian Authority, Arafat has resisted attempts to get him to fight official corruption, reform the security services and relinquish some of his near-absolute powers...	2
1	Britain agrees to US request for troop redeployment  Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s government agreed Thursday to meet a US request and redeploy a battalion of 850 British troops into volatile central Iraq, despite strong opposition from lawmakers.	3
0	Arafat's Wife Lashes Out at Officials (AP)  AP - Yasser Arafat's wife accused his top lieutenants of seeking to grab power from her ailing husband, prompting three top Palestinian officials to abruptly cancel a visit to Paris  #151; at least for a day  #151; the first sign of an open power struggle while Arafat clings to life.	2
0	Bush Appealing to Congress on 9/11 Bill (AP)  AP - President Bush will make a final appeal to Congress to find a way to pass legislation before the end of the year that would make the Sept. 11 commission's terror-fighting recommendations law, White House officials said Friday.	0
0	Arafat's Body Arrives in Cairo for Funeral   CAIRO (Reuters) - The body of late Palestinian President  Yasser Arafat arrived in Cairo from Paris on Thursday for a  military funeral which presidents and other dignitaries from  around the world are due to attend.	2
0	The twin challenges in Palestine and other Arab countries  The Palestinian intifada marked the completion of its fourth consecutive year yesterday, and, not surprisingly, Palestinian street anger is directed these days at both the Israelis for their brutal occupation and at Yasser Arafat #39;s incompetent and often 	2
0	Palestinians face turning point  ANALYSIS:The death of Yasser Arafat will pose a challenge, but could result in a more legitimate government. BY STEVEN ERLANGER. RAMALLAH, West Bank - Yasser Arafat was both the symbol of the Palestinians #39; hope 	2
0	Israel resumes Gaza pull-out debate  Israeli MPs have resumed a debate on Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s disengagement plan, which is expected to culminate in a historic vote in favour of a pull-out of troops and settlers from the Gaza Strip.	4
0	White House on Defensive After Bremer Talk  WASHINGTON - The White House staunchly defended its Iraq policy Tuesday as new questions emerged about President Bush's prewar decisions and postwar planning. An impending weapons report undercut the administration's main rationale for the war, and the former head of the American occupation said the United States had too few troops in Iraq after the invasion...	0
1	Blow for Kerry as Nader wins Florida battle  Democratic hopes of winning the White House have suffered a blow after a court ruled that independent candidate Ralph Nader would appear on ballot papers in Florida.	1
2	Olympics Chiefs Want Bush Campaign to Back Off   ATHENS (Reuters) - Olympic officials are seething at a  campaign ad for President Bush which, they say, hijacks the  Olympic brand.	0
1	Sharon emerges victorious after internal opposition  Jerusalem: Despite several defeats on the battlefield, Ariel Sharon, the former general turned Israeli prime minister, has finally won the war to implement his Gaza pullout plan after neutralising his internal enemies.	4
0	Bush phones Sinn Fein #39;s Gerry Adams  US President George W. Bush telephoned Sinn Fein president Gerry Adams Sunday to discuss US mediation in the conflict in Northern Ireland.	0
1	Israel tells Powell:  #39;We back Palestinian elections #39;  Israel leaders today assured Colin Powell that they will do their utmost to ensure that Palestinian elections to choose a successor to Yassir Arafat go smoothly, including easing 	2
0	Blair Coming to Washington for Discussions With Bush  President Bush will meet next week with Prime Minister Tony Blair of Britain, a principal ally in Iraq, in his first meeting with a foreign leader since his re-election, the White House said on Saturday.	0 3
1	Breaking News E-Mail Alerts  What bloggers - people who independently run opinion Web sites - are saying about the media coverage of the memos regarding President Bush #39;s service in the National Guard.	0
1	Bush names new secretary of health and human services  US President George W. Bush on Monday named Environmental Protection Agency chief Michael Leavittas secretary of health and human services.	0
0	Polls Suggest a Double-Digit Bush Lead  AKRON, Ohio - President Bush and John Kerry battled over the economy and jobs in a small corner of the campaign's most fiercely contested state Saturday as polls showed a post-convention surge for the Republican in the White House.    Late Saturday, Teresa Heinz Kerry, the wife of the Democratic presidential candidate, was taken to a hospital in Mason City, Iowa, after complaining of an upset stomach, a spokeswoman said...	0 1
0	GOP Assails Kerry As Convention Begins  NEW YORK - Republicans belittled Democratic Sen. John Kerry as a shift-in-the-wind campaigner unworthy of the White House on Monday at the opening of their national convention, lavishing praise on President Bush as a steady, decisive leader in an age of terrorism...	0 1
1	Viewers Get Only a Peek of a Movie Chiding Kerry  After stirring up protest over its plans to broadcast a documentary critical of Senator John Kerry, the Sinclair Broadcast Group presented a program last night that gave short 	1
1	Leo DiCaprio Stumps for John Kerry (AP)  AP - "Titanic" star Leonardo DiCaprio stumped for John Kerry, while Fred Thompson of NBC's "Law  amp; Order" campaigned for President Bush in Florida, one of the swing states in the presidential election.	0 1
0	Iran Says It Has Halted Uranium Enrichment (AP)  AP - Iran said Monday it has frozen all uranium enrichment programs, weakening a U.S. effort to refer Tehran's suspect nuclear activities to the U.N. Security Council. President Bush said he hoped the statement is true but "there must be verification."	0
0	MoveOn.org Moves on to New Battles (AP)  AP - After President Bush won re-election, many political observers expected MoveOn.org to move into retreat. The sentiment surrounding the liberal online powerhouse was neatly summed up by the satire publication The Onion in its spoof headline: "MoveOn CurlsUp InCorner."	0
1	Senate approves Goss as CIA chief  The Republican-led Senate on Wednesday approved President Bush #39;s choice to head the CIA, Republican Porter Goss. The approval came amid protests from some Democrats who said he has too many Republican ties for a job that requires independence.	0
0	Sharon #39;s son to meet Palestinians in British retreat  Omri Sharon, the son and special envoy of the Israeli prime minister Ariel Sharon, will hold  quot;private quot; talks with senior Palestinian security officials in Britain next 	4
0	Israeli Cabinet Passes Gaza Bill Before Key Vote   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's cabinet  passed a bill on the nuts and bolts of pulling out of occupied  Gaza Sunday, a day before he seeks approval from the Israeli  parliament for his withdrawal plan.	4
1	Burger King Bars Ads from TV Show Discussing Kerry   NEW YORK (Reuters) - Hamburger chain Burger King said on  Wednesday that it would not run its commercials during a  controversial program about U.S. presidential candidate John  Kerry to be aired by Sinclair Broadcast Group .	1
1	Bush: Kerry Sounds Dean-Like On Iraq  KANSAS CITY -- President George W. Bush says John Kerry #39;s latest attacks over Iraq have taken on the angry tone of his primary foe Howard Dean.	0 1
1	Brown puts aside leadership challenge for sake of unity  GORDON Brown will not challenge Tony Blair for the leadership of the Labour party because he will do nothing to jeopardise the party #39;s election prospects, friends of the chancellor said yesterday.	3
0	Martin: Britain on notice of 'costs and liabilities' of submarine fire (Canadian Press)  Canadian Press - BALATONOSZOD, Hungary (CP) - Prime Minister Paul Martin raised the issue of possible British liability in the HMCS Chicoutimi disaster on Friday in talks with his British counterpart, Tony Blair.	3
0	Palestinians Say the Future Rests on Vote, Israeli Action  Palestinians must act quickly to hold elections for a leader to replace Yasser Arafat if they are to peacefully transform their political system after more than 	2
0	Bush Has a Plan to Create Jobs (AP)  AP - Hiring is picking up and President Bush is on track to preside over job growth in his second term, shedding the Herbert Hoover label of being the first president since the Great Depression to lose jobs under his watch.	0
0	Bush Vows No Letup in Iraq, War on Terror (AP)  AP - Bolstered by a hard-fought election victory, President Bush says the United States will vigorously pursue wars in Iraq and against terror and will not retreat from trying to spread democracy through the Middle East.	0
3	The Right Man For The Job(s)?  In the battleground state of Wisconsin, more than 50,000 manufacturing jobs have been lost since George W. Bush took office, a bulk of them directly due to outsourcing, and the number of people unemployed in that state has increased by 40,000, according 	0
1	Tensions high for Israeli vote  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon was heckled repeatedly yesterday as he opened a two-day debate in parliament on his plan to pull Jewish settlers from the Gaza Strip and parts of the West Bank.	4
1	Ambassador Nicholson Is Tapped For VA  WASHINGTON - President Bush on Thursday named soldier-politician-diplomat Jim Nicholson to head Veterans Affairs, the federal government #39;s second-largest Cabinet department.	0
0	Home Ownership Tops Bush Housing Agenda (AP)  AP - Boosting homeownership tops President Bush's housing agenda, but the biggest battle facing his administration during the second term is how to overhaul a program that helps 2 million poor families pay their rent.	0
0	UK's Straw Gets Israeli Pledge on Palestinian Vote (Reuters)  Reuters - Israeli leaders told Britain's foreign secretary on Wednesday they would do their utmost to let Palestinians hold elections but criticized the top presidential candidate for vowing to follow in Yasser Arafat's footsteps.	2
0	How Blair handled it  Watching Tony Blair is always instructive for Americans, and even the source of a bit of envy. Facing the same political conundrum as President George W. Bush - a war gone wrong in a charged political season 	0 3
0	Kerry: Bush Lets Groups Do 'Dirty Work'  BOSTON - John Kerry fought back Thursday against campaign allegations that he exaggerated his combat record in Vietnam, accusing President Bush of using a Republican front group "to do his dirty work" and challenging Bush to debate their wartime service records.   "Well, if he wants to have a debate about our service in Vietnam, here is my answer: Bring it on," said the Democratic presidential candidate, reviving an old war and campaign slogan amid strong urging from party leaders for him to respond to two-week-old GOP assertions...	0 1
1	Palestinians call for peace talks  Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qurei has called for a speedy resumption of peace efforts with Israel, a day after Yasser Arafat #39;s burial in Ramallah.	2
0	Bush and Kerry Locked in Dead Heat - Reuters Poll (Reuters)  Reuters - Democratic Sen. John Kerry moved into a dead heat with President Bush four days before a cliffhanger White House election, according to a Reuters/Zogby poll released on Friday.	0 1
0	Documentary Focuses on Kerry in Vietnam (AP)  AP - John Kerry's former crew mates vouch for his Vietnam war heroics in a documentary being released in the midst of a campaign debate about his actions as a swift boat skipper.	1
1	Blair says there #39;s little he can do to save British hostage in <b>...</b>  LONDON - British Prime Minister Tony Blair says there #39;s little he can do to secure the release of Ken Bigley, the British hostage being held in Iraq.	3
0	N Korea slams  #39;tyrant #39; Bush  NORTH Korea today described US President George W. Bush as an  quot;imbecile quot; and a  quot;tyrant quot; who was worse than Adolf Hitler, and ruled out holding new talks on nuclear weapons with the United States.	0
0	Plans raise job jitters in Germany  BERLIN -- German officials expressed concern yesterday that their country has the most to lose with President Bush's announcement that tens of thousands of troops will return to the United States over the next decade.	0
1	Bush Blames Defect for Flu Shot Shortage  President Bush waves to supporters as he arrives at Progress Energy Park-Al Lang Field during a campaign rally Tuesday, Oct. 19, 2004 in St.	0
1	Topics A, B and C in Run-up to Debate: Jobs, Jobs and Jobs  Senator John Kerry will assail George Bush tonight as the first president since Herbert Hoover to preside over a four-year term with fewer Americans working than when he began.	1
0	Blair Denies Going to War Erroneously  BRIGHTON, England - Prime Minister Tony Blair on Wednesday denied leading Britain into war on a false prospectus, despite intelligence on the threat posed by Iraq being wrong.    In his speech to the Labour Party's annual conference Tuesday, Blair acknowledged that intelligence that Saddam Hussein had stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons was wrong...	3
0	Gore Campaign Declined Bush Guard Story (AP)  AP - Former Vice President Al Gore's presidential campaign heard but did not pursue allegations about George W. Bush's Air National Guard service, similar to the information in discredited documents aired by CBS News this month, a former campaign official said Tuesday.	0
1	Kerry for president  When George W. Bush assumed the presidency, Americans had every reason to expect that he would be, as he had promised during his campaign,  quot;a uniter, not a divider.	0 1
3	Bush to tout economic trend in NYC  WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- Through thick and thin, President Bush has consistently extolled the virtues of lowering taxes to make the economy stronger.	0
1	Sharon #39;s Government, the Initiative and Lingering  When Ariel Sharon became Prime Minister, many believed the reckless general would not last long. They expected him to fall in the trap due to his exaggerated bet on force alone.	4
0	Bush Pardons Two Thanksgiving Turkeys (AP)  AP - President Bush used the annual Thanksgiving turkey- pardoning rite Wednesday to roast the bitter campaign for the White House, jokingly recalling fund-raising disputes, attack ads and a polarizing political movie. "Now's the time for healing," he said, as he ceremonially spared two birds.	0
0	Anti-Kerry Veterans Collect Nearly  #36;7M (AP)  AP - A group running ads accusing John Kerry of exaggerating his decorated Vietnam War service record is nearing  #36;7 million in contributions, thanks in part to several Republican donors.	1
1	Scripted finales shaken by bin Laden tape  Osama bin Laden #39;s sudden reappearance on videotape sent President Bush and Democrat John Kerry into a sharp final round of argument over which one can defeat terrorism and 	0 1
0	Bush, Rice Share Close Relationship (AP)  AP - Condoleezza Rice has been both protege and mentor to President Bush in his first four years in the White House. So he is bound to feel comfortable with the former Stanford University provost running the State Department.	0
1	Palestinian Leaders Visit Paris to Determine Arafats Health  JERUSALEM -- Three senior Palestinian leaders have left the West Bank to visit Yasser Arafat in Paris. The trip was on, off and then on again within several hours.	2
0	Video Game Let Players Command Kerry Swift Boat (Reuters)  Reuters - A video game company hopes to cash in on the publicity surrounding Sen. John Kerry's Vietnam service by sending players on a simulation of the Swift Boat mission that won the Democratic presidential candidate the Silver Star.	1
0	Analysis / Public praise, political power  It will be a long time before a new Palestinian leader commands the public admiration and political power that Yasser Arafat did. This power enabled him to make concessions that no previous Palestinian leader would have considered.	2
0	Bush Naming New Health Secretary (AP)  AP - President Bush on Monday was naming a new secretary of Health and Human Services, one of the last two openings in his Cabinet.	0
1	Poll: presidential race too close to call  CINCINNATI In the battleground state of Ohio, a poll of likely voters shows President Bush and John Kerry about even in support a day before the presidential election.	0 1
1	UK #39;s Blair Urges France, Germany to Help in Iraq (Update2)  UK Prime Minister Tony Blair urged European leaders who opposed the war in Iraq to contribute more to efforts to restore stability in the country ahead of elections planned for January.	3
0	President surveys storms wrath  President Bush on Sunday got a firsthand look at Hurricane Ivans devastation during his third trip to Florida to assess the damage from this summers fierce storms in the South.	0
0	Blair issues list of demands on  quot;terrible quot; situation in Darfur  KHARTOUM, Oct 6 (AFP) -- British Prime Minister Tony Blair said here Wednesday he handed the Sudanese leadership a list of demands to deal with the  quot;terrible quot; situation in the war-torn western region of Darfur.	3
1	Elton John, Warren Beatty Among Honorees At Kennedy Center  And so, the British-born pop star says he didn #39;t exchange views with President George W. Bush as he was given one of this year #39;s Kennedy Center Honors Sunday night in Washington.	0
1	Britain mourns hostage murdered in Iraq  LONDON - Prime Minister Tony Blair condemned the killers of British hostage Kenneth Bigley as barbaric, and most of the victims relatives praised his handling of the crisis.	3
0	Afghan women #39;s better days, Trying Milosevic  Nicholas Kristof ( quot;Afghan women still in thrall, quot; Views, Oct. 7) draws a depressing picture of life for Afghan women today, two years after George W. Bush announced that they were  quot;at last free.	0
0	Poll Says Bush Still Has Edge Over Kerry  WASHINGTON - More voters consider President Bush a strong leader who can do a better job combatting terrorism even though they widely agree that Democratic Sen. John Kerry won the first debate focused solely on foreign policy...	0 1
1	Air-ing differences: Candidates spar over Bush #39;s terror <b>...</b>  Seizing on a rhetorical opening in their nip-and-tuck campaign, Sen. John F. Kerry related, bio yesterday lampooned President Bush related, bio for saying the nation #39;s safety from terror is up in the air.	0
1	Bush Says He #39;s Proud of Guard Service  LAS VEGAS Sept. 14, 2004 - President Bush told veterans Tuesday he was proud of his time in the Texas Air National Guard and sought to deflect questions about his Vietnam-era service by turning the subject 	0
0	Bush Criticizes Kerry on Education, Jobs (AP)  AP - Campaigning in a swing county in Iowa that he lost four years ago, President Bush criticized Sen. John Kerry on education and jobs Friday, saying the Democrat fails to understand the connection between the two.	0 1
0	Topics A, B and C in Run-up to Debate: Jobs, Jobs and Jobs  John Kerry will assail President Bush tonight as the first president since Herbert Hoover to preside over a four-year term with fewer Americans working than when he began.	0
0	Sharon says far-rightists trying to incite war  Ariel Sharon, the Israeli prime minister, accused some far-rightists today of trying to incite civil war and urged measures to curb such groups, which oppose his plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip.	4
0	Arafat supporters hold overnight vigil outside hospital in Paris <b>...</b>  CLAMART, France, Nov 4 (AFP) - Several dozen people on Thursday gathered outside a military hospital near Paris where Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat was being kept alive by artificial life support systems.	2
0	Clinton Absence Spells Either Boost or Bust for Kerry (Reuters)  Reuters - Bill Clinton, considered to be the Democrats' biggest campaign draw, will be sidelined by illness from much of the presidential race -- spelling either boost or bust for John Kerry, depending who's talking in the spin-driven world of U.S. partisan politics.	1
0	Taxpayer Money Is Fraction of Campaign (AP)  AP - President Bush and John Kerry have accepted  #36;75 million each in government financing for their campaigns for the White House but tens of millions more will be spent by the parties and partisan interest groups to influence the race.	0 1
0	Republicans ready to kick off convention gala (AFP)  AFP - Republicans were ready to get down to business here, launching their national convention with hopes of convincing a divided American people to send George W. Bush back to the White House.	0
1	Station Denies Firing Host in Rather Flap (AP)  AP - A radio station Sunday denied a talk show host's claim that was fired because he criticized CBS newsman Dan Rather's handling of challenges to the authenticity of memos about President Bush's National Guard service.	0
0	Ailing Clinton urges Kerry to bolster election attacks (AFP)  AFP - Under pressure in the polls as he enters the final stretch in his race for the White House, Senator John Kerry turned to Democratic heavy-hitter former president Bill Clinton for help from his hospital bed.	1
1	Bush Tries to Repair Relations With Canada  President George W. Bush, left, walks with Canada #39;s Prime Minister Paul Martin at the Parliament Building before their meeting in Ottawa, Canada, Tuesday, Nov. 30, 2004.	0
0	Poll Finds Bush Lead Surging Among Likely Voters (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush has surged to a 13-point lead over Democratic challenger John Kerry among likely voters, according to a new USA Today/CNN/Gallup poll released on Friday.	0 1
0	Palestinian Leaders to Transfer Arafat Powers (Reuters)  Reuters - Palestinian leaders prepared on Thursday to transfer President Yasser Arafat's powers to three key figures who will take on the most important roles he held, officials said.	2
0	Bush Thanks U.S. for Russia Crisis Aid (AP)  AP - President Bush thanked U.S. school children and others Friday who have opened their wallets to help survivors of the school siege in the Russian city of Beslan that killed nearly 340 people, many of them students.	0
0	Bush wants more US aid for Colombia drug fight  President Bush said Monday he will lobby Congress next year to renew US anti-narcotics funding for this South American country amid concern in Washington about the federal budget deficit.	0
0	Kerry Lesbian Remark Angers Cheneys  WASHINGTON - Dick Cheney and his wife say they are angry at John Kerry for invoking their lesbian daughter during the final presidential debate. Kerry says he was just trying to say something nice about how the Cheneys have dealt with the issue and meant no offense...	1
1	Sharon dismisses partner party  The Israeli Prime Minister, Ariel Sharon, is expected to open talks on forming a new coalition administration after he dismissed the junior partner in government.	4
0	Democrats Urge Kerry to Turn Up Intensity of Campaign  Leading Democrats have urged John Kerry's aides to concentrate on challenging President Bush on domestic issues.	0 1
0	Kerry Balks at Sending Troops to Sudan (AP)  AP - Democrat presidential candidate John Kerry says he would not send U.S. forces to stop the genocide in Sudan if they continued to be needed in Iraq and Afghanistan.	1
0	Sharon's Party Votes to Exclude Labor (AP)  AP - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's own party handed him a stinging rebuke, banning him from adding the moderate Labor Party to his government to bolster a Gaza pullout plan  #151; a move that endangered the proposed withdrawal.	4
1	Blair Gets Tough With Sudan Government Over Darfur Crisis  British Prime Minister Tony Blair gave Sudan #39;s government a plan for dealing with the crisis in Darfur on Wednesday, during talks in Khartoum with top Sudanese officials.	3
1	Bush: World watching Ukraine  #39;very carefully #39;  As officials meet in Ukraine to hammer out a solution to what opposition leaders say was a fraudulent election, the  quot;world is  quot;watching very carefully, quot; President Bush said Friday.	0
3	Global Markets: Stocks Rise, Bonds Slide  Stocks and the dollar rose on Wednesday and bonds slid as President Bush edged toward re-election, but uncertainty over the result in the key state of Ohio kept investors in suspense.	0
0	Kerry assails Bush troop withdrawal plan (AFP)  AFP - Democratic White House hopeful Senator John Kerry warned that President George W. Bush's plan to withdraw 70,000 troops from Europe and Asia would hinder the war on terrorism and embolden North Korea.	0 1
1	Bush phones Sinn Fein #39;s Gerry Adams  US President George W. Bush telephoned Sinn Fein president Gerry Adams Sunday to discuss US mediation in the conflict in Northern Ireland.	0
0	Edwards: Bush Leads by 'Fear and Failure' (AP)  AP - Sen. John Edwards scolded President Bush on Wednesday for invoking the names of Democratic presidents and accused Bush of leading by "fear and failure."	0
1	Israeli PM on offensive  JERUSALEM: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has ordered the army to step up its war on Palestinian militants before a planned withdrawal from Gaza Strip.	4
0	Kerry Warns Draft Possible if Bush Wins  WASHINGTON - John Kerry said Friday there is a "great potential" for a new military draft to replace overextended U.S. troops in Iraq if President Bush wins a second term, despite Bush's repeated pledges to maintain the all-volunteer service...	0 1
3	Asian Stocks Gain as Bush Leads Count; AU Optronics, CNOOC Rise  Asian stocks rose after President George W. Bush led John Kerry in vote counting in the US presidential election. Exporters such as Samsung Electronics Co.	0 1
1	Non-humanitarian intervention in Sudan  BLAIR and Bush are currently planning yet another military operation, this time under the guise of a humanitarian intervention in Sudan.	0
0	Israel Winds Down Gaza Military Operation  Several thousand Israeli settlers and supporters demonstrate, during a rally against Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s planned pullout and evacuation of Gaza Strip Jewish settlements, near Sharon #39;s residence, in Jerusalem, Thursday, Oct. 14, 2004.	4
0	Bush and Kerry Locked in Dead Heat - Reuters Poll (Reuters)  Reuters - Democratic Sen. John Kerry moved into a dead heat with President Bush four days before a cliffhanger White House election, according to a Reuters/Zogby poll released on Friday.	0 1
0	What is Arafat #39;s legacy?  Amin Saikal, the director of the Centre for Arab and Islamic Studies at the Australian National University, talks to ABC News Online #39;s Nadia Farha about Yasser Arafat #39;s 	2
0	Kerry Lesbian Remark Angers Cheneys  WASHINGTON - Dick Cheney and his wife say they are angry at John Kerry for invoking their lesbian daughter during the final presidential debate. Kerry says he was just trying to say something nice about how the Cheneys have dealt with the issue and meant no offense...	1
0	Delegates, Protesters Descend on New York  NEW YORK - Abortion-rights protesters and the first Republican delegates descended on President Bush's heavily fortified convention city Saturday as campaign officials said their boss would use the nomination spotlight to defend his hawkish foreign polices and offer a second-term agenda for health care, education and job training.   "He believes it's important for a candidate to talk about what he's done and, most important, where he wants to lead," said adviser Karen Hughes, aboard Bush's campaign bus in Ohio...	0
0	Deficit casts doubt on Bush  President Bush made a brief stop Monday in this war-ravaged nation to pledge increased US aid to curb drug trafficking, but he could not escape to his Texas ranch for 	0
3	Bush aims to cut deficits  PRESIDENT George W Bush pledged overnight to work with the US Congress to reduce the country #39;s huge deficits and support a strong US dollar.	0
0	Muslims Could Prove Crucial in Election (AP)  AP - With more than 1,200 Muslims and Arab-Americans taken into custody after the Sept. 11 attacks, and a U.S.-led war raging in Iraq, many Muslims oppose George Bush in the November presidential election. But their voting for John Kerry is not a slam-dunk, either.	1
1	London Artist #39;s Video on Texas Wins the Turner Prize  The creator of a video work offering, among other things, a slice of life in President Bush #39;s favorite diner in Crawford, Tex.	0
0	Bush Confident on Election Despite War (AP)  AP - President Bush said Thursday that he believes he made the right decision to invade Iraq and thinks voters will not deny him a second term even if they disagree with the war.	0
0	In Debate on Foreign Policy, Wide Gulf or Splitting Hairs?  On Thursday night, President Bush and Senator John Kerry meet in their first debate on foreign policy.	0 1
0	Blair Fears Climate Change Disaster, Challenges U.S.   LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's Tony Blair pledged on Tuesday  to force international action on global warming, despite the  reluctance of big powers like the United States.	3
1	Kerry Pledges to Lower Health Care Costs  DES MOINES, Iowa Sept. 9, 2004 - Democrat John Kerry said Thursday he would cut health care costs if elected to replace President Bush, who he said  quot;hasn #39;t even tried quot; as costs have soared for American families during the past four years.	0 1
0	Kerry Pulls Ad of McCain Smear Complaint (AP)  AP - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry bowed to the wishes of popular maverick John McCain on Thursday, as the president embraced the Republican senator's legal fight against big-money special interest groups airing negative ads and the Democratic nominee scrapped a commercial that featured McCain.	0 1
0	Friends Don't See Kerry Fading Away (AP)  AP - Like many presidential candidates before him, John Kerry must now decide what to do with the rest of his political life. While he relaxed at his Boston home on Friday, elsewhere friends, colleagues and presidential historians said they didn't see the Democrat fading into political obscurity like the last Massachusetts politician who ran and lost, Michael Dukakis in 1988.	1
0	Arafat #39;s condition worsens  Yasser Arafat, deeply comatose after another downturn in his already critical condition, was clinging to life in a French hospital as reports came in late on Tuesday.	2
0	Arafat widow contests right of nephew to receive medical file (AFP)  AFP - The widow of Yasser Arafat has questioned the right of his nephew to receive a copy of the medical file of the late Palestinian leader, Suha Arafat's lawyers said in a statement.	2
1	Springsteen in final Kerry push  Bruce Springsteen lends his support to John Kerry in the key swing state of Ohio on the eve of the US election.	1
1	Israel eases travel restrictions  THE Israeli army has lifted some of the travel restrictions imposed on residents of West Bank towns for the funeral of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat.	2
1	Provisional ballots gave Kerry fleeting hope  For 12 hours or so Wednesday, the outcome of the presidential election appeared to depend on thousands of uncounted provisional ballots scattered around Ohio - and the state seemed poised to endure its own version of the Florida election crisis.	1
0	Bush downplays security flaps on trip to Chile  CARTAGENA, Colombia President Bush is shrugging off a pair of security flaps during his just-concluded visit to Chile. In one incident, Chilean security guards barred Bush #39;s Secret Service detail from a dinner 	0
1	Kerry camp plans for hard road ahead  With about six weeks until Election Day, advisers to Senator John F. Kerry say they believe they have turned a corner after a month on the defensive: Their 	1
1	Springsteen Kicks Off 'Vote for Change' (AP)  AP - Two of the biggest forces in rock music over the last 20 years were plugging in the amplifiers Friday to kick off a high-volume effort to oust President Bush on Nov. 2.	0
0	When Private Passions Meet Public Journalism   Should Fox News keep relying on a political reporter who privately mocked John Kerry as a well-manicured "metrosexual"?	1
0	Bush campaign cuts website off from foreign access for "security reasons" (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush's reelection campaign said it had cut its website off from access from certain foreign countries  quot;for security reasons, quot; but declined to elaborate.	0
1	French doctors check Arafat for virus  French doctors are checking Yasser Arafat for viral infection after tests ruled out leukaemia and any other life-threatening illness, aides to the Palestinian leader said today.	2
0	Springsteen Kicks Off 'Vote for Change'  PHILADELPHIA - Twenty years after releasing "Born in the U.S.A.," Bruce Springsteen returned to the anti-war anthem as he and other artists kicked off a multistate tour aimed at helping oust President Bush.    Springsteen and R.E.M., both vocal critics of Bush and the war in Iraq, are the headliners for the "Vote for Change" tour, a 10-day series of shows in battleground states...	0
1	Swift boat vet goes public to back Kerry  A Vietnam veteran who served with Sen. John Kerry in a swift boat group broke a 35-year silence this weekend to back Kerry #39;s version of events from one of their missions together and to chastise veterans critical 	1
1	Bush Ability to Connect in Town Hall Faces Rare Unscripted Test  President George W. Bush #39;s ability to connect with voters will be tested tonight in an unscripted town- hall setting that will be used for the second debate with John Kerry, the four-term Democratic senator from Massachusetts.	0 1
1	Protesters take to streets as delegates converge for GOP <b>...</b>  Demonstrators took to the streets on Sunday to protest President Bush #39;s foreign and domestic policies as Republican delegates gathered to nominate the president for a second term.	0
0	Arafat #39;s doctors rule out leukemia  Relaying doctors #39; first official statement regarding ailing Palestinian Authority leader Yasser Arafat #39;s health, a PA spokeswoman said Tuesday that hospital medical staff had ruled out leukemia as a cause for his deterioration in health, and said his 	2
0	Powell gets Israeli assurance on elections  Secretary of State Colin Powell won a cautious pledge from Israel Monday to ease its military grip over Palestinian areas in order to make possible an election to replace the late Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Florida Supreme Court Gives Nader a Spot on State Ballot  The court bolstered President Bush's prospects in this battleground state, ruling that Ralph Nader could appear on the November ballot.	0
1	Bush and Kerry Prep for Foreign Policy Debate  Description: President Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry are spending much of this weekend preparing for their first debate, to be held Thursday in Florida.	0 1
1	Oil Rises After Kerry Concedes US Presidential Race to Bush  Crude oil rose, erasing a 2 percent loss, after Senator John Kerry conceded the US presidential race to George W. Bush. The re-election of Bush means the US is likely to keep adding oil to its Strategic Petroleum Reserve.	0 1
0	California could shatter Bush's national stem cell stance (AFP)  AFP - When Californians go to the polls, they won't simply be choosing a US president, they may also redraw the scientific map and make their state a global hub of embryonic stem cell research.	0
0	Bush Sued in Chile Over Prisoner Abuse  Demonstrators protest against the upcoming visit to Chile by US President George Bush in front of the central courts building where a coalition of leftist groups sued Bush and other US government officials for the abuses at the Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq 	0
1	Debater versus leader  Polls show President Bush lost the first debate against Democratic presidential contender John Kerry. Why? Bush failed to respond to Kerry #39;s assertions.	0 1
0	U.K. PM Announces Plans for ID Cards (AP)  AP - Prime Minister Tony Blair announced plans Monday to introduce high-tech biometric identity cards, saying they could be a significant means of fighting terrorism.	3
0	Arafat condition improves, illness still a mystery  PARIS Palestinian officials say a medical report on Yasser Arafat #39;s condition will be issued tomorrow or Wednesday. They say he #39;s not suffering  quot;from any serious problem.	2
0	Learning From Arafat: Terrorism is Big Business  For a variety of reasons, there is a lot of enthusiasm and optimism surrounding the death of Palestinian Authority (PA) leader, Yasser Arafat, and how his demise might advance an expeditious 	2
0	Update 2  Sharon to reject settlers calls for Gaza vote  To get parliamentary majority for his Gaza Strip plan israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is planning to create a new coalition by joining main opposition Labour party leaded by Shimon Peres.	4
3	Weak jobs growth dings Dubya  President Bush had been hoping to wave a glowing September jobs report in John Kerry #39;s face for the rest of the presidential campaign.	0 1
0	Sharon #39;s survival to determine Gaza withdrawal  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon who devoted so much of his life to erecting settlements in still-disputed territories has now become his country #39;s indispensable man in removing them.	4
3	Stocks Up After Kerry Concedes  US stocks rose on Wednesday, after a spokeswoman for Democratic challenger John Kerry said Kerry telephoned President Bush to concede the White House election, confirming Wall Street #39;s notion that the Bush administration would remain 	0 1
1	Poll averages put Bush ahead  WASHINGTON - With only nine days to go before the US presidential election, political polls show that neither President George Bush nor John Kerry has a clear lead.	0 1
0	Bush Must OK Clinton's Document Release (AP)  AP - Former President Clinton will have to ask President Bush for permission to release thousands of domestic-policy records from his two terms in the White House, officials at Clinton's presidential library said Friday.	0
0	Kerry set to benefit from improved US vote count accuracy: report (AFP)  AFP - The vote count in the US presidential election should be far more accurate than it was in 2000, according to a report, which predicted it would likely benefit Democratic contender John Kerry.	1
0	Memos Show Bush Suspended From Flying  WASHINGTON - Newly unearthed memos state George W. Bush was suspended from flying for the Texas Air National Guard during the Vietnam war because he failed to meet Guard standards and failed to take his annual flight physical as required...	0
1	Tightening Race Increases Stakes of Final Debate  President Bush and Senator John Kerry meet in their final presidential debate on Wednesday night after two encounters that polls suggest weakened Mr.	0 1
3	Bush Reiterates Call for a Simpler Tax System  President Bush reasserted his call Sunday for a simpler tax system, and aides said he is considering pushing for a flat tax, which would set the same income-tax 	0
1	Blair Reshuffles Cabinet, Appoints Ally to Coordinate Elections  British Prime Minister Tony Blair has completed a reshuffle of his cabinet, appointing his staunch supporter and former health minister to coordinate the Labor Party #39;s re-election efforts.	3
0	Congress Returns for 'Lame-Duck' Session (Reuters)  Reuters - Defeated Democratic presidential challenger John Kerry returns to his U.S. Senate seat this week when Congress convenes for a post-election session that promises to be something of a political circus.	1
0	U.S. Servicemen React to Bush Guard Memos  ALBANY, Ga. - Some current and retired members of the National Guard and other military services say they aren't bothered by newly revealed memos that indicate President Bush got preferential treatment in the Air National Guard during the Vietnam War, while others say they are troubling...	0
0	Merchandisers cash in on US presidential vote (AFP)  AFP - The US election campaign is going to the dogs, as enterprising merchandisers give voters the chance to feed President George W. Bush or John Kerry to man's best friend.	0 1
0	Bush Switches His View of Putin's Russia (AP)  AP - When he first ran for president, George W. Bush talked tough on Russia. He threatened to cut off international aid if Moscow continued "killing women and children, leaving orphans and refugees" in its war in Chechnya.	0
0	Bush and Allawi Say Iraqi Voting Won't Be Put Off  Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld spoke about the possibility that the elections might be held only in parts of Iraq.	0
1	Blair #39;s silence  #39;is kiss of death #39;  The brother of Kenneth Bigley last night claimed that Tony Blair #39;s inaction could cost the British hostage his life. Paul Bigley, who cited new information 	3
0	Arafat Said to Have Liver Failure; PM to Visit  Yasser Arafat, critically ill in a Paris hospital, has suffered liver failure, a Palestinian official said on Sunday as Arafat #39;s subordinates decided in his absence to enforce a law and order plan in Palestinian areas.	2
1	Bush #39;s bounce poll shows Kerry flagging  For the first time since the presidential contest became a two-man race this spring, it seems to have a clear leader: President Bush.	0 1
0	Kerry Accuses Bush of Hiding Troops Plan  ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. - Democratic Sen...	1
0	New Group to Launch Anti-Kerry Ads (AP)  AP - Move over, MoveOn.org. The liberal-leaning group that has raised millions of dollars to run negative ads attacking President Bush now has a competitor on the right with a somewhat similar name.	0
0	Bush Signs Orders for Intelligence Reform  WASHINGTON - President Bush on Friday signed executive orders designed to strengthen the CIA director's power over the nation's intelligence agencies and create a national counterterrorism center, responding to election-year pressures to enact changes called for by the Sept. 11 commission...	0
1	Sharon Optimistic About Peace Prospects in Post-Arafat Era  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon sounded a note of optimism about the prospects for Middle East peace, crediting the new leadership of the Palestinian Authority for the brightened outlook.	4
0	Republicans turn spotlight on Bush leadership after Sept. 11 (AFP)  AFP - George W. Bush's Republican party kicked off its convention with a full-throated battle cry in defence of the war in Iraq and the US president's efforts to snuff out terrorism across the globe.	0
0	Tony Blair  #39;looking healthy #39;  London - British Prime Minister Tony Blair was recovering on Saturday from successful hospital treatment to correct an irregular heartbeat, his office said.	3
0	Bush Dismisses Idea That Kerry Lied on Vietnam  President Bush, however, declined to condemn the commercial paid for by a veterans group opposed to John Kerry.	0 1
0	Sharon likely to get backing for new coalition  Ariel Sharon, the Israeli Prime Minister, has today made a last-minute appeal for his party to back his plan to bring the main opposition Labour party into a new coalition.	4
0	Crowds kept away for official Arafat funeral in Cairo  CAIRO (AFP) - Yasser Arafat #39;s funeral in Cairo was held in a solemn atmosphere amid tight security, as presidents, kings and princes paid their final respects to the Palestinian leader, while crowds from the city of the veteran leader #39;s birth were kept 	2
0	Five Palestinians Killed in Israeli Attack  JERUSALEM Aug. 18, 2004  An unusual Israeli attack near the home of a Hamas activist in Gaza City killed five people Wednesday, including three Palestinian militants, witnesses and officials said. The strike came just before Prime Minister Ariel Sharon ...	4
0	Israeli cabinet approves compensation for Gaza settlers  The Israeli Cabinet today approved a Bill to compensate settlers who are to be uprooted from their homes under Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Gaza pullout plan, public radio reported.	4
1	Allawi charge is boost for Kerry  IRAQ #39;S interim Prime Minister yesterday delivered another blow to President Bush just a week before the US election when he blamed American-led forces for 	0
1	Bush, Kerry Sparring Over Troops in Iraq  With far more than military hearts and minds at stake, the presidential contenders are clashing over who best stands for US soldiers -- President Bush accusing his opponent of  quot;denigrating quot; them, Sen.	0
0	Bush demands UN help for Iraq  President Bush yesterday demanded that the United Nations step up to help rebuild Iraq, telling foreign leaders  quot;the liberty that many have won at a cost must be secured.	0
0	White House Says It Is Not Behind Attack Ads (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush and a top adviser have long-standing ties to people behind advertisements claiming Sen. John Kerry lied about his war record, but the campaign denied any part in the ads on Friday and criticized Kerry for "losing his cool."	0 1
0	Sharon eyes swift evacuation of settlers  JERUSALEM -- Prime Minister Ariel Sharon wants all 21 Jewish settlements in the Gaza Strip evacuated at the same time instead of in three stages, officials said yesterday, reflecting a major shift in tactics in his pullout plan.	4
0	Chile Group Plans Bush Welcome with War Crime Suit  <p></p><p> SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - Chileans opposed to the Iraqwar have accused President Bush of war crimes in a criminalcomplaint lodged on Tuesday, less than a month before he isscheduled to visit the country.</p>	0
0	Anti-Gay Marriage Amendment Fails in House (Reuters)  Reuters - The U.S. House of Representatives failed on Thursday to muster the two-thirds majority needed to pass a proposed constitutional amendment backed by President Bush to ban gay marriage.	0
0	Bush Toughens Line on Nuclear Threats  Bush singles out Iran and North Korea, and says he has won pledges from Asian allies to pressure North Korea to restart talks.	0
0	Bush Welcomes Scandal-Plagued Berlusconi (AP)  AP - Days after he was acquitted in a corruption trial, Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi got a warm welcome Wednesday from President Bush, who is grateful to Italy as a rare European ally willing to send troops to Iraq.	0
1	Excerpts of an Interview With President Bush  ollowing are excerpts of an interview with President Bush conducted at Ricketts Park in Farmington, NM on Aug. 26, 2004 with President Bush, by Elisabeth Bumiller and David E. Sanger of the New York Times.	0
0	One Month Later, Fight Over Ohio Continues (AP)  AP - Nearly a month after John Kerry conceded Ohio to President Bush, complaints and challenges about the balloting are mounting as activists including the Rev. Jesse Jackson demand closer scrutiny to ensure the votes are being counted on the up-and-up.	0 1
1	Franken Brings Liberal Talk Show to Ark. (AP)  AP - Coming to a "red state" to celebrate the nation's last "blue president" seems to be just the medicine for Al Franken two weeks after President Bush's re-election.	0
0	US candidates head to Wisconsin  US presidential candidates George W Bush and John Kerry head to Wisconsin, one week before election day.	1
1	Crying wolf, but Republicans #39; scary ads bite  The President #39;s campaign continues to hammer John Kerry #39;s image as weak on terrorism, writes Marian Wilkinson. Vote for us or your children will die - it #39;s a pretty compelling message, and President George 	1
0	Will Arafat Triumph from Beyond the Grave?  From the adoration of Yasser Arafat, youd think he was a notable humanitarian instead of a cold-blooded killer, -- a statesman instead of the head of a fascist gang willing to wade through an ocean of blood, and climb a mountain of corpses, to arrive 	2
0	US Lifts Arms Embargo on Haiti as Tensions Mount  WASHINGTON, DC, Oct 20 (OneWorld) The administration of US President George W. Bush has lifted a 13-year arms embargo on Haiti, amid sporadic violence that threatens to plunge the western hemispheres poorest nation back into chaos.	0
0	Power Struggle Looms Among Palestinians  Palestinian society is splintered along deep political, geographic and ideological lines that will be exacerbated by the death of Arafat.	2
0	Yasser Arafat #39;s bad year  Four years ago, the Palestinians launched a war against Israel. It was designed to extract additional concessions from Ehud Barak #39;s government, just after being offered all of Gaza and more than 90 of the West Bank, including parts of Jerusalem.	2
0	Kerry Says Bush in 'Make-Believe World' (AP)  AP - President Bush is living in a make-believe world in his understanding of Iraq, misleading the American people and attacking Democrats on phony issues, presidential rival John Kerry said Wednesday in an interview with The Associated Press.	0 1
1	No Headline.  NEW YORK -- The Republican Party #39;s moderate wing, led by former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani and President Bush #39;s onetime rival Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.	0
1	Bush, Martin pledge to improve trade relations but no promises on <b>...</b>  OTTAWA (CP) - George W. Bush said he understands Canadian ranchers #39; frustrations but the president suggested the lumbering US bureaucracy has to sign off before the border can re-open to Canadian cattle.	0
2	Bush Gives USC a Man for All Positions (AP)  AP - There's only one Reggie Bush playing for Southern California.	0
1	Israel may encourage moderate Palestinians  The United States has reported encouraged Israel to help strengthen the position of moderate Palestinians in the wake of Yasser Arafat #39;s death.	2
1	Kerry attacks Bush on stem cell research  Joined by the widow of paralysed actor Christopher Reeve, Democratic challenger John Kerry has attacked US President George W. Bush saying his policy on stem cell 	0 1
1	CBS News and the Bush Documents  Description: A controversy continues over CBS News reporting on documents purported to be memos concerning President Bush #39;s service in the Texas Air National Guard.	0
1	Hillary Clinton billed as new hope  SENATOR Hillary Clinton refused to squelch talk yesterday about her White House intentions after John Kerry #39;s loss made her the Democrats #39; frontrunner for 2008.	1
0	Lindh Asks Bush to Reduce Sentence   Attorneys for John Walker Lindh, the suburban Californian convicted of fighting for the Taliban in Afghanistan, asked President Bush yesterday to commute Lindh's 20-year prison sentence.	0
0	Kerry Chides Bush on Assault Weapons Ban (AP)  AP - Sen. John Kerry sought to make President Bush pay a political price Monday for the expiration of a partial assault weapons ban, but other Democrats reacted warily on an issue that has hurt the party in recent elections.	0 1
0	Hot debate on Gaza pullout in Knesset  JERUSALEM Israel #39;s Parliament appeared poised Tuesday to approve Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Gaza pullout plan, clearing the way for a withdrawal of Jewish settlers from Palestinian territory for the first time in history.	4
1	 #39;A clear agenda #39;  WASHINGTON - Flush with political capital, President Bush has begun making out his second-term shopping list. All of his priorities aren #39;t yet clear, but many he talked about in broad terms on the campaign 	0
1	Dubya Avoids Controversy on His Military  #39;Service #39;  President Bush, accused by Democrats of joining the National Guard to avoid going to Vietnam and then shirking his duty, told Guard members on Tuesday he was proud of his service but did not address lingering questions about his record.	0
0	Israel to Leave Palestinian Cities During Election   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel plans to pull troops out of  Palestinian cities for a Jan. 9 presidential election to pick a  successor to Yasser Arafat, Defense Minister Shaul Mofaz said  on Monday.	2
0	Few Factual Errors, but Truth at Times Got Stretched  President Bush and Sen. John F. Kerry made few major factual errors in their first debate, although on occasion they stretched the truth or left out inconvenient facts -- or may have confused viewers as they spoke in policy shorthand.	0
0	Hold Iraq death probe, Blair told  Ex-diplomats, military men and academics write to Tony Blair calling for an inquiry into civilian deaths in Iraq.	3
1	Bush to stick to terrorism theme  President Bush is charging Democrat John Kerry with having a limited vision of the war on terror that won #39;t keep America safe, in a campaign speech revamped to call attention to the central argument of his re-election bid.	0
0	DYKE TO BLAIR: YOU #39;RE INCOMPETENT OR A LIAR  FORMER BBC chief Greg Dyke has accused Tony Blair of being  quot;incompetent quot; or  quot;a liar quot; over the Iraq War. Ex-Director General Mr Dyke revealed that the Prime Minister 	3
0	Arafat #39;s nephew arrives in France  PARIS - The nephew of the late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat arrived today at Paris #39; Charles de Gaulle airport from Cairo to pick up the deceased leader #39;s medical records, an AFP journalist reported.	2
1	Israel to Expand Gaza Offensive  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon today pledged to escalate a broad Israeli offensive into the northern Gaza Strip, saying troops will remain in the area until Palestinian rocket attacks are halted.	4
1	W.House Gives Rumsfeld New Vote of Confidence  The White House gave a new vote of confidence on Friday to Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld amid growing criticism of him from members of President Bush #39;s own Republican Party.	0
0	Washington ignores North #39;s verbal attacks  Washington shrugged off harsh verbal attacks from North Korea against US President George W. Bush, saying that the insults would not hinder efforts to end nuclear crisis on the peninsula.	0
1	Bush Optimistic on Progress in Iraq  CRAWFORD, Texas Aug. 23, 2004 - President Bush, who faces a tough re-election ballot in just 10 weeks, portrayed the ongoing occupation of Iraq in optimistic terms Monday even as the US death toll nears 1,000.	0
0	U.S. Now Said to Support Growth for Some West Bank Settlements  The Bush administration, moving to lend support to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, has approved growth in some Israeli settlements in the West Bank.	4
0	Iraq Terrorist Activity Aimed at Bush: Putin  Russian President Vladimir Putin believes terrorist activities in Iraq are aimed at George W. Bush. 15 days before the US election, Putin claims terrorists are trying to stop US President Bush from winning a second term by launching attacks in Iraq.	0
0	Cheneys Mad After Kerry Mentions Daughter  WASHINGTON - Mary Cheney typically works quietly behind the scenes on her father's vice presidential campaign, but she was dragged front-and-center after John Kerry noted that she is a lesbian during his debate with President Bush.    Her parents were furious at Kerry...	0 1
0	Blair looks to poll after Iraq apology  Iraq will not be the decisive factor for Britons in the next election, Tony Blair has said, as the Labour Party digested a conditional apology from the prime minister over the war.	3
0	Bush Visiting Florida to Survey Damage  CRAWFORD, Texas - President Bush is eyeing Florida's 27 electoral votes, but after being battered by four hurricanes in six weeks the state's voters are more interested in weather forecasts than the shifting political winds.    Bush was surveying hurricane damage Wednesday in Lake Wales, Fla., a fast-growing swing area in the center of the states, on his way to Miami and a debate against Democratic presidential rival John Kerry the following night...	0 1
1	Oil Soft But Holds Above  $50  Easing oil prices held above  $50 a barrel on Thursday as traders took stock after a roller-coaster session that pitted bullish views of President Bush #39;s re-election against rising US crude inventories.	0
0	Israel #39;s Sharon Confronts Party Rebels Before Vote  TEL AVIV (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon confronted Likud party rebels with a pledge to put the good of Israel first Wednesday as he battled to avoid an embarrassing defeat over his Gaza pullout plan. 	4
0	Next President to Face Pressure on Taxes (AP)  AP - At their national convention, Republicans were short on specifics on how to pay for an economic agenda in a second Bush administration. One reason is that President Bush could end up having to back a tax increase, just as his father did.	0
1	Conflicting reports on Arafat #39;s health  Rival Palestinian factions are putting on a show of unity today in the Gaza Strip, as concern mounts over Yasser Arafat. Representatives of 13 Palestinian factions, including the two Islamic militant groups 	2
3	Senate committee OKs  $15.6 billion budget for NASA  The Senate Appropriations Committee approved a budget for NASA on Tuesday that is closer to President Bush #39;s request than a version passed by a House committee in July 	0
1	Bin Laden Condemns Bush, Says New Attacks Possible  Osama bin Laden burst into the US election campaign on Saturday, releasing his first video tape in more than a year to deride President Bush and warn of possible new Sept.	0
0	Newsview: Political Rhetoric Has Price (AP)  AP - President Bush says politicians should say what they mean. But doing so can sometimes be an invitation to disaster, as Arlen Specter, John Kerry, John Snow and Bush himself can attest.	0 1
1	Kerry, Bush Campaign Now in Final Week  Democrat John Kerry appealed to voters to elect a president - namely, him - who will  quot;trust you with the truth, quot; and quickened the pace of a campaign now in its final week.	1
0	Bush Announces Plan for Troop Realignment  WASHINGTON - President Bush on Monday announced plans to shift 60,000 to 70,000 U.S. troops who are now stationed in Europe and Asia in one of the largest troop realignments since the end of the Cold War...	0
0	Arafat Relative Unhurt in Gaza Car Bombing  A top Palestinian security leader who is related to Yasser Arafat escaped unharmed Tuesday when a booby-trapped car exploded near his convoy in Gaza City.	2
1	Sharon Wins Likud #39;s Support to Hold Coalition Talks With Labor  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Likud Party voted to support talks to bring Labor and other opposition parties into the coalition to keep the government afloat after it lost its last remaining partner a week ago.	4
0	Sharon plays poker to head-off coalition crisis:  World News: Tel Aviv, Dec 1 : Prime Minister Ariel Sharon appears heading to a certain defeat in parliament when he presents his government #39;s proposed budget for 2005.	4
0	Palestinian Leader Tries to Win Militant Truce   GAZA (Reuters) - Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO)  chief Mahmoud Abbas met militant leaders on Tuesday in a bid to  halt attacks on Israel and allow a smooth election for a  successor to Yasser Arafat next year, officials said.	2
0	Sharon Approves 1,000 Settlement Homes in W.Bank (Reuters)  Reuters - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has approved building tenders for 1,000 new homes in Jewish settlements in the West Bank frozen earlier to avoid upsetting the United States, political sources said on Thursday.	4
0	Tony Blair to undergo procedure for heart flutter  British Prime Minister Tony Blair is about to undergo heart procedure to correct a continuing  quot;flutter, quot; his office announced late Thursday.	3
3	Stocks Rally as Investors Welcome Election #39;s End  The stock market rallied at the opening bell yesterday as investors expressed relief that a clear election victor was in sight and that President Bush looked set to return to the White House for a second term.	0
0	UK: Troop move  #39;not political #39;  LONDON, England -- Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s government has dismissed opposition claims that a redeployment of British troops in Iraq would be a  quot;political gesture quot; to the White House ahead of next month #39;s US presidential election.	3
2	Peterson, Bush set for Heisman battle in 05  Contrary to popular belief, Keith Jackson, perhaps the most recognized voice in college football, has rarely uttered the phrase, Whoa, Nellie!	0
1	Kerry speaks to West Palm retirees  WEST PALM BEACH - Democrat John Kerry began his early voting push today with some of the most reliable Democratic voters in the state, the retirees of Century Village.	1
1	Bush Scraps Most US Sanctions on Libya  President Bush on Monday formally ended the US trade embargo on Libya to reward it for giving up weapons of mass destruction but left in place US terrorism-related sanctions.	0
0	Bush Plugs Missile Defense System Plan (AP)  AP - President Bush paid tribute Tuesday to defense workers who help equip U.S. troops in Iraq and Afghanistan and also put in a plug for his administration's plans for an anti-missile system as he toured a helicopter factory involved in both missions.	0
1	Moves towards a new governnment in Israel  Israel #39;s Opposition Labour Party leader Shimon Peres has responded positively to an invitation by Prime Minister Ariel Sharon to form a unity government.	4
0	AdWatch: Kerry Hits Bush on Health Care (AP)  AP - Details of a new television ad from Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry to begin airing this week:	1
0	Arafat Mourners Burst Into Ramallah Compound  12 November 2004 -- While the coffin containing Yasser Arafat was being flown to the West Bank, thousands of Palestinian mourners burst into the walled compound where the Palestinian leader is to be buried later today.	2
1	Bushs grudge match: Prez got mad, plans to get even  A recharged President Bush related, bio hopes to turn the tables on his opponent tonight and knock Sen. John F. Kerry related, bio on his heels in their second debate by attacking Kerry #39;s lengthy Senate record.	0 1
1	Pop meets politics in US campaign  US President George W Bush and his White House rival John Kerry have been racing from one Midwestern battleground state to another as election day looms.	1
1	Arafat #39;s Health Questioned  The health of Palestinian president Yasser Arafat is being questioned today after conflicting reports say the 75-year-old leader is suffering from the flu, while others say he is suffering from gallstones and a intestinal infection.	2
1	Arafat has liver failure-Aide  A Palestinian official, who demanded anonymity, said on Sunday that the Palestinian President Yasser Arafat is suffering liver failure and that his health condition was not improving.	2
0	Bush Signs Orders for Intelligence Reform  WASHINGTON - President Bush on Friday signed executive orders designed to strengthen the CIA director's power over the nation's intelligence agencies and create a national counterterrorism center, responding to election-year pressures to enact changes called for by the Sept. 11 commission...	0
0	Arafat Stable, Militants Seek More Powers   PARIS (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat is in a stable condition  and not in a coma, an aide said on Sunday, while militants  pressed for decision-making powers in a unified Palestinian  leadership if the president dies.	2
0	President Urges Outside Groups to Halt All Ads  The White House insisted that President Bush had not meant to single out the advertisement run by veterans opposed to John Kerry.	0 1
0	Kerry Ads Underscore His Vietnam Service  WASHINGTON - The Democratic Party launched a costly round of ads Friday to buttress John Kerry's credentials to be commander in chief as the White House accused the Massachusetts senator of "losing his cool" over attacks on his war record.   "John Kerry is a fighter and he doesn't tolerate lies from others," spokeswoman Stephanie Cutter shot back at President Bush's spokesman...	0 1
0	GOP Congressmen Defiant on Intel Bill (AP)  AP - Defying President Bush, Reps. Duncan Hunter and James Sensenbrenner  #151; who led opposition dooming legislation based on the Sept. 11 commission's recommendations  #151; said they won't change their minds without Senate concessions.	0
1	Hostage #39;s mother pleads for mercy  Anguished pleas to save hostage Kenneth Bigley have taken their toll on his family and piled more pressure on Prime Minister Tony Blair.	3
1	Ridge 7th in Cabinet to leave Bush team  WASHINGTON - By one important measure, Tom Ridge had a successful run as US Homeland Security chief: There has not been a major terrorist attack on American soil since Sept.	0
1	Sanctions suspended, not lifted  Tucked into that  $136 billion in corporate tax breaks President Bush just signed was the point of the bill: Lifting a  $5 billion annual export subsidy the World Trade Organization had ruled illegal.	0
0	Kerry to Attack Bush Troop Withdrawal Plan (Reuters)  Reuters - Democrat John Kerry on Wednesday planned to attack Present George W. Bush's plan to withdraw 70,000 American troops from Europe and Asia as a threat to national security that could blunt the war on terror, campaign aides said.	0 1
1	Kerry: Bush Wrong on US Economy as Well as Iraq  Democratic challenger John Kerry pivoted from the contentious debate over Iraq to bread-and-butter issues Saturday and accused President Bush of  quot;serious misjudgments quot; on the economy as well as the war.	0 1
1	Second debate filled with tough, tart exchanges  com. In the very first question of last night #39;s town hall debate, Sen. John Kerry was asked to explain charges that he #39;s  quot;too wishy-washy.	1
0	Daschle in Tough, Costly Election Fight (AP)  AP - In the nation's most dramatic  #151; and most expensive  #151; Senate race, Minority Leader Tom Daschle of South Dakota is scrambling to maintain his political life as Republicans argue the Democrat is out of touch with people in a state that solidly supports President Bush.	0
1	Lindh seeks sentence reduction  Attorneys for John Walker Lindh, who pleaded guilty in July 2002 to a charge of aiding the Taliban, are asking President Bush to reduce his 20-year prison sentence.	0
0	Kerry's Life Was Transformed by Wealth of His Wife and Others  Although his parents had little extra money, Senator John Kerry has mostly inhabited a world of unusual privilege.	1
0	Bush should have tackled reform before naming CIA boss: lawmaker (AFP)  AFP - The top Democrat on the House intelligence committee urged fellow lawmakers not to allow confirmation hearings on a new CIA director to derail efforts to overhaul US spy agencies.	0
1	Better for us all  IT looks like George W. Bush. But by god it #39;s unpredictable. The US presidential election on November2 now involves so many independent variables that our Washington embassy won #39;t yet predict the result, although 	0
0	Israeli Forces Won #39;t Evacuate Gaza Under Fire, #39; Sharon Says  Israeli military forces must act to prevent terrorism in the Gaza Strip so a withdrawal from the Palestinian territory doesn #39;t take place under fire, #39; #39; Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said.	4
3	Bush Asks McCain to Help the Fight Against Political Ads  President Bush says he wants to join Republican Senator John McCain in the fight against political ads by outside groups. The announcement comes just weeks after McCain called for Bush to condemn an anti-John 	0
1	Bush locks up Iowa  President Bush won Iowa yesterday, finishing the 2004 campaign with wins in all three of the states that were still up in the air on election night.	0
0	Does the U.S. Need the Draft?  Both Bush and Kerry say no. But with America tied down in Iraq, military officials say they may need more troops to win the war -- and the next one	1
0	Palestinian Sources Say Arafat Dead, Others Deny   PARIS (Reuters) - Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat suffered  a brain hemorrhage on Tuesday and aides said he had died at a  French hospital, but confusion over his fate grew as officials  insisted in public that he still clung to life.	2
0	Families of Iraq War Dead Target Bush in Ads (Reuters)  Reuters - Angered by President Bush's policy in Iraq, a group of military families whose relatives died there is targeting the president in new television ads to be aired ahead of the Nov. 2 election.	0
1	Insurgency  #39;is getting worse, #39; Powell says  WASHINGTON In contrast to statements last week by President George W. Bush, Secretary of State Colin Powell has conceded that the Iraq insurgency is growing more violent.	0
3	Last Job Count Before Election: A Highly Political Number  Despite the stimulus from three rounds of tax cuts, the nation has at least 585,000 fewer jobs now than when President Bush took office.	0
1	Bush hails Iraq debts reduction by Pairs Club  The United States on Sunday applauded the decision by the Paris Club on slashing Iraq #39;s debts and urged other countries to follow suit.	0
0	Bush Replaces Outspoken Civil Rights Chair (AP)  AP - President Bush on Monday moved to replace Mary Frances Berry, the outspoken chairwoman of the U.S. Civil Rights Commission who has argued with every president since Jimmy Carter appointed her to the panel a quarter century ago.	0
1	Kerry  #39;out there  The political strategy behind Sen. John Kerry #39;s appearance Tuesday on Comedy Central network #39;s The Daily Show with Jon Stewart was threefold, political and communications experts say.	1
0	Bush and Kerry to Face Undecided Voters (AP)  AP - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry will face questions from an audience of uncommitted voters in their second debate Friday night, with tepid jobs numbers and the war in Iraq certain to be points of contention.	0 1
0	N.Korea Not Keen on 6-Way Talks, Waiting for Bush   TOKYO (Reuters) - North Korea has said an early resumption  of six-party talks on its nuclear arms program will be  difficult, and it wants to see how President Bush deals with  Pyongyang following his re-election, Japanese and Chinese  officials said on Thursday.	0
0	A conspiracy theory : In the aftermath of Arafats passing  AH Jaffor Ullah. Yasser Arafat, the acknowledged leader of Palestinian people, lived amidst controversy all through his life. The cause of his death has now become a source of controversy amongst the departed leaders people all over Middle East.	2
0	Bush, Kerry in get out the vote mission in Florida (AFP)  AFP - George W. Bush and challenger John Kerry will duel for votes in Florida, where early polling opens in a deadlocked race soured by memories of the 2000 election debacle.	0 1
0	Mahmoud Abbas: We cant wait  Q. Many say that Yasser Arafats death is a turning point in the Middle East. Do you see it that way? A. Arafat was a symbolic leader for the Palestinian people.	2
1	Survey USA: Debate is a Draw  President Bush and Democratic presidential hopeful John Kerry sparred to a draw Friday night according to an exclusive Survey USA poll of 605 viewers in the Jacksonville area who watched the debate.	0 1
0	Sharon, Arafat Defy Demands From Backers  JERUSALEM Aug. 19, 2004 - Embattled leaders Ariel Sharon and Yasser Arafat rebuffed demands from their backers Thursday, holding steadfast to positions posing great political risk: Sharon insisted he will 	2 4
0	Arafats Succession: The Transition of Power  Yasser Arafat #39;s death raises considerable speculation about who will ultimately succeed him as leader. On paper, the Palestinian transition of power is quite clear: the speaker of the parliament - Rawhi Fattouh - temporarily becomes president.	2
0	US, Israel to Confer on Settlement Plans  A team of American diplomats is due in Israel early next month for talks with Israeli officials on Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plans to withdraw from the Gaza Strip and parts of the West Bank.	4
0	US House divided on intelligence reform (AFP)  AFP - The US House of Representatives, dominated by President George W. Bush's Republican Party, adopted controversial reforms of the US intelligence structure which many Democrats argued give too much power to law enforcement.	0
0	Bush Seeks Funds for Abstinence Education (AP)  AP - President Bush's re-election insures that more federal money will flow to abstinence education that precludes discussion of birth control, even as the administration awaits evidence that the approach gets kids to refrain from sex.	0
0	Bush to Tout Anti-Drug Efforts in Colombia  President Bush aims to highlight the benefits of American drug-fighting aid in Colombia and boost a conservative Latin American leader with a brief, security-laden stop in the Andean nation.	0
1	Four Palestinians Killed in Violence After Arafat Dies  Israeli soldiers killed four Palestinians in violent confrontations that erupted following the death of Palestinian President Yasser Arafat in a French hospital on Thursday, Palestinians medics said.	2
0	Chaos as Arafat's coffin arrives  Chaotic scenes occur in Ramallah as a helicopter carrying Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat's coffin arrives.	2
1	Israeli Settlers say Sharon Rejects Call for Gaza Referendum  Jewish settler leaders say Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has rejected their proposal to put his controversial Gaza withdrawal plan to a public vote.	4
1	Is Israel 'Swing State' That Could Tip U.S. Election?   DEIR DIBWAN, West Bank (Reuters) - In this hillside village  known as the "little America" of the West Bank, businessman Abu  Mohammed voted for George W. Bush in the last U.S. election but  vows not to make the same mistake twice.	0
1	Update 1: Cheney: Economy Needs Permanent Tax Cuts  Vice President Dick Cheney said Wednesday that it is critical to make President Bush #39;s tax cuts permanent during his second term, while achieving broader reforms in the tax code and bolstering Social Security.	0
1	Blair to fight Mandelson #39;s corner  Tony Blair will fight to keep Peter Mandelson as Europe #39;s trade commissioner when leaders gather in Rome today to discuss the crisis gripping the European Union.	3
1	The Cheneys #39; daughter  There #39;s no doubt that Sen. John Kerry could have found a better way to respond to questions about gay marriage and homosexuality than he did Wednesday night in his debate with President Bush.	0 1
0	New Bush military memos released  The White House releases new records relating to a row over President Bush's military service.	0
0	Hamas Signals Challenge to Unseat Arafat  RAMALLAH, West Bank - Palestinians marked the fourth anniversary of their uprising Tuesday amid signs that the extremist Hamas group is preparing a political challenge to Yasser Arafat despite a series of Israeli military blows at the movement's leadership.    Hamas published newspaper ads urging supporters to vote in upcoming municipal elections, saying "it's time for change." And a top Hamas leader indicated the group might try to unseat Arafat in presidential elections, which have not yet been scheduled...	2
0	Holiday Pals Berlusconi, Blair Cement Ties (AP)  AP - With a bandanna on his head and a grin on his cheeks, Italy's flamboyant Premier Silvio Berlusconi has been playing vacation host to Britain's Tony Blair in Sardinia, an unlikely holiday coupling that highlights an Italian-British alliance bolstered by the Iraq war.	3
0	Mubarak Says Sharon is Palestinians #39;  (IFM) Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak described Prime Minister Ariel Sharon Thursday as the Palestinians #39; best chance for peace, HaAretz reported.	4
1	The debate goes to ...  The polls are in, and the results are clear: Viewers think John Kerry won the first presidential debate. Does that mean the Democrat will win the election?	1
0	Kerry Ads Underscore His Vietnam Service  WASHINGTON - The Democratic Party launched a costly round of ads Friday to buttress John Kerry's credentials to be commander in chief as the White House accused the Massachusetts senator of "losing his cool" over attacks on his war record.   "John Kerry is a fighter and he doesn't tolerate lies from others," spokeswoman Stephanie Cutter shot back at President Bush's spokesman...	0 1
0	Bush rejects Iraq vote delay  President Bush rejected calls for a delay in next month #39;s Iraqi elections, insisting Thursday that the vote was too important to put off even though violence and chaos still grip the country.	0
0	Prime minister #39;s questions  Tony Blair kept looking behind him when being challenged over the decision to re-deploy UK troops in Iraq. Was he looking for cheers of support from his backbenchers, or watching for the knives spinning towards his back?	3
0	Blair opens way for fight to succeed him: newspapers (AFP)  AFP - British Prime Minister Tony Blair has undermined hopes for his powerful chancellor of the exchequer, Gordon Brown, to succeed him and may have opened up the leadership battle to a new generation, newspapers said.	3
1	Abstinence-only programs: dishonest and ineffective  In one of his more enlightened moments, President Bush promised to cut government fat by getting rid of programs that don #39;t work.	0
0	Bush Twists Kerry's Words on Iraq  WACO, Texas - President Bush opened several new scathing lines of attack against Democrat John Kerry, charges that twisted his rival's words on Iraq and made Kerry seem supportive of deposed dictator Saddam Hussein.    It was not unlike the spin that Kerry and his forces sometimes place on Bush's words...	0 1
0	Leaders join Arafat funeral procession  Hundreds of Arab and Muslim leaders and officials participated Friday in the funeral procession of the late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat in Cairo.	2
0	Dr. Phil Interviews President, First Lady (AP)  AP - President Bush says it's "awfully difficult" for parents to urge their children not to drink and drive if they do it themselves.	0
1	Differing poll results suggest volatile race  WASHINGTON A new Gallup poll being released today gives President Bush a huge 14-point lead over challenger John Kerry. But that #39;s sharply different from a Pew Research Center poll released just yesterday.	0 1
1	Sudan pledges to withdraw troops  SUDAN has agreed to a joint withdrawal of government and rebel forces in Darfur and will accept a large rise in international ceasefire monitors, Tony Blair said last night as he left Khartoum for the second session of his Commission for Africa in Ethiopia 	3
0	Bush, Kerry Trade National Security Barbs (AP)  AP - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry accused each other of lacking the hard-nosed resolve of Cold War presidents  #151; from Democrat Truman to Republican Reagan  #151; reaching across party lines a week before Election Day to try to break their campaign deadlock.	0 1
3	US September Payrolls Rise 96,000; Jobless Rate Holds at 5.4  US employers added 96,000 workers in September, fewer than expected, in the last jobs report Americans will see before deciding between President George W. Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry in November.	0 1
0	Win shows  #39;red states #39; on the rise  George W. Bush #39;s victory marks the political ascendancy of  #39; #39;red-state quot; America that backed him strongly four years ago but then served as veritable bulwark 	0
0	Congress Sends Bush Tax Cut Bill, Victory  WASHINGTON - Legislation extending three popular middle-class tax cuts for the rest of the decade sailed through Congress by lopsided votes in both the House and Senate, giving President Bush a major legislative victory on his signature economic issue, tax relief.    Many Democrats complained during debate Thursday that the majority Republicans who control Congress should have offset the lost revenue to keep the nation's soaring deficits from getting worse...	0
1	Arafat family bickers over medical records of Palestinian leader  PARIS Getting to the bottom of what killed Yassar Arafat could shape up to be an ugly family tug-of-war. Arafat #39;s half-brother and nephew want copies of Arafat #39;s medical records from the suburban Paris hospital 	2
0	Dole Questions Kerry's Vietnam Wounds (AP)  AP - Former Republican Sen. Bob Dole suggested Sunday that John Kerry apologize for past testimony before Congress about alleged atrocities during the Vietnam War and joined critics of the Democratic presidential candidate who say he received an early exit from combat for "superficial wounds."	1
0	Vice presidential debate takes on new importance (AFP)  AFP - Vice President Dick Cheney will square off with his Democratic rival John Edwards in a televised debate Tuesday that suddenly takes on importance for the Republicans after George W. Bush's tepid showing last week.	0
0	UK Hostage in Iraq Pleads for Life After 2 Americans Killed  Kenneth Bigley, a Briton taken hostage in Iraq, asked UK Prime Minister Tony Blair to help save his life in a videotape posted on the internet and aired by broadcasters worldwide, after 	3
1	US Presidential Candidates Spar Over Jobs  President Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry squared off over the economy Saturday in their parties #39; weekly radio addresses.	0 1
0	Congress Passes Middle-Class Tax Cuts  WASHINGTON - Congress on Thursday approved a  $145.9 billion package of tax relief to extend three popular middle-class tax cuts, giving President Bush his fourth major tax victory since taking office.    The Senate approved the measure 92-3 Thursday night less than an hour after it cleared the House by a similarly lopsided 339-65...	0
0	Being Cherie  British Prime Ministers wife, Cherie Blair, talks about turning 50, her new book and being in the public eye. CHERIE Blair, wife of British Prime Minister Tony Blair, is turning 50.	3
0	Bush backs Annan, says envoy  John Danforth, the outgoing US ambassador to the United Nations, said on Thursday that the Bush administration re-tained its confidence in Kofi Annan, the UN secretary-general 	0
0	Sharon Offers a Date for Settler Withdrawal From Gaza  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said today that he wanted to begin withdrawing Israeli settlers from the Gaza Strip next May or June and complete the pullout within three months.	4
0	Bush Honors 3 Ex-Officials Instrumental to Iraq Policy  President Bush awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom today to Gen. Tommy R. Franks, George J. Tenet and L. Paul Bremer III.	0
0	Sharon Again Threatens Action Against Arafat  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has again threatened to take action against Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat. In an hour-long interview with Israel Radio he also expressed doubts about Syria #39;s planned troop redeployment in Lebanon.	2 4
0	Kerry, Bush Start Debate Preparations (AP)  AP - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry, arriving Sunday at a remote resort to practice for this week's debate, took a swing at President Bush for pronouncing the Iraqi mission accomplished while the monthly death toll mounts.	0 1
0	Arafat offers support to Bigley  Yasser Arafat has promised to intercede on behalf of British hostage Ken Bigley, a senior Irish politician says. Michael Higgins, foreign affairs spokesman for the Labour Party in Dublin, said the Palestinian leader made his pledge in a letter to him.	2
1	Bush seeks  #39;full disclosure #39; at UN  President Bush yesterday called for  quot;full disclosure quot; of the United Nations oil-for-food scandal, although he declined to join Republican demands for the ouster of UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan.	0
0	Arafat Stable Amid Puzzle Over Burial and Successor   PARIS (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat remained in a critical  condition as uncertainty mounted over who might succeed him and  where he might be buried should he die.	2
1	Bush, Kerry Attack Each Other #39;s Policies on Health  President Bush during a daylong trip through Pennsylvania on Thursday  quot;stepped up his attack quot; on the health care plan proposed by Democratic presidential nominee Sen. John Kerry (Mass.	0 1
1	Bush Seeks to Boost Troop Morale for Iraq Fight  President Bush sought on Tuesday to boost the morale of US troops facing extended deployments in Iraq by promising to train Iraqi forces to replace them but acknowledged only mixed results so far.	0
0	Kerry hints at possible 2008 White House run: reports (AFP)  AFP - Defeated Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry has hinted that he could make another run for the White House in 2008, press reports said.	1
1	Kerry win raises fears of more US protectionism  TORONTO - The prospect of a John Kerry victory in next Tuesday #39;s US presidential election has some Canadian analysts worried that the country might have to contend with a more protectionist-minded neighbour and dominant trading partner.	1
0	Bush applauds Iraq debt cuts  US President George Bush today applauded the decision by the so-called Paris Club of creditor nations to slash 80 per cent of the money Iraq owed them and urged non-member countries to do the same.	0
0	Politics an Afterthought Amid Hurricane (AP)  AP - If Hurricane Charley had struck three years ago, President Bush's tour through the wreckage of this coastal city would have been just the sort of post-disaster visit that other presidents have made to the scenes of storms, earthquakes, floods and fires.	0
0	Ayoon wa Azan (The Benefit of a Doubt)  Palestinians need elections because no Palestinian leadership would be legitimate after Yasser Arafat without elections. They need calm to make the elections possible; however, calm, in turn, needs agreement 	2
1	Pre-emption not on cards: Sharon  JERUSALEM: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Iran and its nuclear ambitions represent a very great danger to the Jewish state but played down the prospect of a pre-emptive strike on its atomic facilities.	4
0	Bush, Kerry Puppets Debate in Times Square  NEW YORK - The felt flew during a rain-drenched Times Square debate between President Bush and Democratic contender John Kerry - in puppet form - on the afternoon before the real deal in Florida.    Thanks to "Avenue Q" producers and cast members, the naughty puppet citizens of the Tony-winning Broadway musical launched edgy questions about such edgy issues as unemployment, gay marriage and military service during Thursday's "Avenue Q   A."   It was a one-time-only comedic event that warned: "Any similarity between puppets and actual presidential candidates is purely coincidental."   The Bush and Kerry puppets stood with their human handlers behind official-looking podiums and addressed an assembly of soaked tourists and soggy musical theater lovers...	0 1
1	Sharon warns Likud to vote for coalition  Ariel Sharon, Israeliprime minister, yesterday warned his rightwing Likud party that it would face early elections unless it backed a coalition with the opposition Labour party 	4
0	Bush Ready to Accept GOP Nomination  NEW YORK - President Bush was reaching out to Americans to keep him on the job, recalling the Sept. 11, 2001, terror attacks "when one era ended and another began," and offering himself as a resolute wartime commander in chief with ambitious plans for a second term...	0
3	Bush Picks Kellogg CEO for Commerce (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush on Monday chose Carlos Gutierrez, the Cuban-born CEO of Kellogg Co , as his nominee to be commerce secretary, his second selection of a Hispanic for a second-term Cabinet.	0
0	Sharon opens Gaza debate  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon asked Parliament to approve a unilateral Israeli withdrawal from the Gaza Strip and parts of the West Bank in a turbulent session on Monday.	4
1	Bush discusses war on terror with Pakistani President Musharraf  President Bush held a rare Saturday Oval Office meeting to host Pakistans President, General Pervez Musharraf, one of its administration #39;s most important allies in the war on terror.	0
0	Bush, Kerry to Meet in Key Debate Tonight  CORAL GABLES, Fla. - After a deluge of campaign speeches and hostile television ads, President Bush and challenger John Kerry will get their chance to face each other directly Thursday night before an audience of tens of millions of voters in a high-stakes debate about terrorism, the Iraq war and the bloody aftermath...	0 1
0	Bush Visits With Iraqi President  President Bush, on a day of new violence in the Middle East, expressed determination to see Iraq hold elections on Jan. 30 and said they would show that terrorists cannot stop the march of democracy.	0
0	PALESTINIAN HOPEFULS JOCKEY FOR POSITION  November 21, 2004 -- Palestinians began registering candidates yesterday for a presidential election to replace Yasser Arafat, as the late leader #39;s family considers releasing his medical records and revealing his cause of death.	2
1	Test Failure Sets Back US Missile Defense Plan  President Bush #39;s drive to deploy a multibillion-dollar shield against ballistic missiles was set back on Wednesday by what critics called a stunning failure of its first full flight test in two years.	0
1	Cheney refutes Kerry claims on Iraq munitions  (Pensacola, Fla.-AP) Oct. 26, 2004 - Vice President Dick Cheney says 400,000 tons of explosives would be in Saddam Hussein #39;s hands if the US had not invaded Iraq.	1
0	Hamas May Accept Statehood in West Bank (AP)  AP - The militant group Hamas will accept a Palestinian state in the West Bank and Gaza Strip and a long-term truce with Israel, a leader said Friday, apparently softening Hamas' hardline stance and boosting hopes for renewed peace efforts after Yasser Arafat's death.	2
0	Economy, Iraq War Frame Bush-Kerry Debate  ST. LOUIS - President Bush and Sen...	0
0	Stand by your man: Parties defend candidates after Bush-Kerry debate (AFP)  AFP - Republican and Democratic leaders each declared victory after the first head-to-head sparring match between President George W. Bush and Democratic presidential hopeful John Kerry.	0 1
1	Bush pitches private savings plan  It won #39;t be easy, but President George W. Bush enthusiastically launched his public campaign for private savings accounts yesterday as the best way to protect Social Security.	0
1	Candidates Hopscotch Through Battleground States in Final Bid  Nursing their vocal chords and trying to keep up their energy levels, President Bush and Senator John Kerry sprinted through several battleground states on the eve of Election Day, even though 	0 1
0	Kerry, Bush Clash Over Iraq and Allawi  PHILADELPHIA - Clashing over Iraq, Sen. John Kerry said Friday that President Bush's policies made the war against terror harder to win and "let Osama bin Laden slip away." Bush chastised his Democratic rival for questioning the motives of Iraq's interim prime minister...	0 1
0	Bush's Address to U.N. Seeks Cooperation  NEW YORK - President Bush, trying to soften his image overseas as a heavy-handed unilateralist, is using his annual address to the United Nations to offer up a brighter vision of a planet with less hunger, disease and oppression.    Exactly six weeks before Election Day, Bush is equally concerned about his audience at home...	0
0	Allawi charge is boost for Kerry  IRAQ #39;S interim Prime Minister yesterday delivered another blow to President Bush just a week before the US election when he blamed American-led forces for 	0
0	11 killed in Gaza raids  RAMALLAH: The Palestinian cabinet last night declared a state of emergency in the Palestinian territories with President Yasser Arafat appealing for international help against a massive Israeli incursion that killed a further 11 Palestinians yesterday.	2
0	Sharon eases conditions to restart peace talks  JERUSALEM - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has indicated he is dropping a demand that Palestinians crack down on militant groups before he will resume peace talks.	4
0	Sharon Accepts Plan to Reduce Gaza Army Operation, Haaretz Says  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon accepted an army plan to reduce the number of soldiers mounting an operation in the Gaza Strip aimed at stopping Palestinian rocket attacks, the Israeli daily newspaper Haaretz said.	4
0	More Than 100,000 Protest Bush in NYC  NEW YORK - More than 100,000 demonstrators marched past a heavily fortified Republican convention hall on Sunday, chanting denunciations of the administration and the war in Iraq as delegates flocked to the city to nominate President Bush for four more years in the White House.    Vice President Dick Cheney campaigned his way into the convention city three days ahead of the president, praising him as "calm in a crisis, comfortable with responsibility and determined to do everything needed to protect our people." He spoke on Ellis Island, framed by a Manhattan skyline altered irrevocably by terrorism...	0
0	Sharon in a spot  George W. Bush is a product of the Wild West myth. He sees himself as the fast-drawing sheriff who kills the bad guys and maintains order in town.	0
1	Gonzales nomination angers abortion foes  An anti-abortion group Thursday accused President Bush of ignoring his anti-abortion principles in nominating White House counsel Alberto Gonzales for the post of attorney general.	0
0	Candidates Officially Request Ohio Recount (AP)  AP - With support from John Kerry's campaign, two third-party candidates for president officially asked on Tuesday for a recount in Ohio, the state that put President Bush over the top in November.	0 1
1	Bush, Kerry clash over Iraq war in first debate  US President George W. Bush and his Democrat rival John Kerry clashed over the war in Iraq on Thursday in their first face-to-face debate, which has the potential to tip the race for the White House.	0 1
3	Congress Sends Bush Tax Cut Bill, Victory  WASHINGTON Sept. 24, 2004 - Legislation extending three popular middle-class tax cuts for the rest of the decade sailed through Congress by lopsided votes in both the House and Senate, giving President Bush 	0
1	Palestinians, Israelis meet to plan for Arafat #39;s absence  Senior Palestinian and Israeli leaders held separate meetings Sunday to plan a path forward in the absence of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, who was being examined in a French hospital for an unknown ailment.	2
1	CBS Ready to Admit Bush Guard Memos Are Fake  CBS News is ready to admit it used fake memos in its 60 Minutes report on President George W. Bush #39;s disputed Texas Air National Guard Service.	0
0	Unit's Report Supports Kerry's Version  WASHINGTON - The Navy task force overseeing John Kerry's swift boat squadron in Vietnam reported that his group of boats came under enemy fire during a March 13, 1969, incident that three decades later is being challenged by the Democratic presidential nominee's critics.    The March 18, 1969, weekly report from Task Force 115, which was located by The Associated Press during a search of Navy archives, is the latest document to surface that supports Kerry's description of an event for which he won a Bronze Star and a third Purple Heart...	1
0	Blair to Have 'Routine' Heart Treatment  LONDON - British Prime Minister Tony Blair said he will undergo a medical procedure Friday to correct an irregular heartbeat, calling it a routine treatment that won't prevent him from seeking another term in office.    The 51-year-old prime minister said the procedure will involve local anesthetic and will not affect his job...	3
0	Ailing Arafat Goes to Paris for Treatment (AP)  AP - An ailing Yasser Arafat  #151; too weak to stand, unable to hold down food and spending most of Thursday sleeping  #151; agreed to leave his battered West Bank compound for the first time in more than two years and fly to Paris for urgent medical treatment.	2
0	Bush Making Gains in Battleground States (AP)  AP - President Bush has been solidifying his gains in states that once were dead heats, forcing both parties' campaigns to alter strategies as the electoral battleground shrinks. Democrat John Kerry is struggling to stay afloat in some hotly contested states, including Missouri, Wisconsin and Ohio, where polls show Bush pulling ahead.	0 1
1	Poll: Vast majority of Canadians like Americans, but not George W. <b>...</b>  Nearly two-thirds of Canadians had an unfavourable view of US President George W. Bush, even though most Canadians said they had a good opinion of Americans, suggests a poll done for The Associated Press.	0
0	Bush says Kerry "hardly credible" on Iraq (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush dismissed a gloomy CIA forecast for Iraq as guesswork and branded Democratic White House hopeful John Kerry's warnings about deadly chaos there as  quot;hardly credible. quot;	0 1
0	Don #39;t feed the dragon of arms trade  The EU, after a three-year spat with US President George W. Bush, the EU is keen to be regarded as a world player to be reckoned with.	0
1	Blair seeks new climate agreement with US  The prime minister, Tony Blair, has been working to persuade the US to sign up to an alternate agreement to cut greenhouse gas emissions, it emerged today.	3
0	Hurricanes May Affect Florida Politics  TALLAHASSEE, Fla. - Two devastating hurricanes have given President Bush something his political advisers couldn't dream up: the chance to play comforter in chief in a battleground state he is determined to win again...	0
0	Vigil for Arafat as details of his condition remain sketchy  CLAMART, France: Some 20 pro-Palestinians continued a vigil early Saturday outside a hospital here after doctors tending Yasser Arafat said his condition had not changed but refused to respond to unconfirmed reports that the 75-year-old leader was brain 	2
3	Russia Assures Bush It Will Boost Oil Exports  President Bush on Monday received assurances from Russian President Vladimir Putin that his country would boost production and export of oil as prices hover near record levels.	0
0	Kerry Sees 'Disaster' for Middle Class  WASHINGTON - Massachusetts Sen. John Kerry accused President Bush on Sunday of planning a surprise second-term attempt to privatize Social Security, and forecast a "disaster for America's middle class." Republican party chairman Ed Gillespie called the charge "just flat inaccurate."   The clash erupted as Kerry and his running mate both appealed to Florida voters to cast their ballots as early as Monday under the state's early voting program...	0 1
0	Military funeral preparations underway  CAIRO -- Egypt prepared yesterday for a strictly controlled military funeral for Yasser Arafat where dignitaries from around the world will pay their respects, but where the people -- among whom Arafat was by far more popular -- will be mostly shut out.	2
0	Bush, Kerry Clash on State of Economy  AKRON, Ohio - President Bush and John Kerry battled over the economy and jobs in a small corner of the campaign's most fiercely contested state Saturday as polls showed a post-convention surge for the Republican in the White House.    With little more than eight weeks remaining to Election Day, a Newsweek survey gave the president a lead of 52-41 over Kerry, with independent Ralph Nader at 3 percent...	0 1
1	Israeli lawmakers OK Sharon #39;s disengagement plan by 67-45 vote  In a major victory for Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, the Israeli Knesset voted today to approve his Gaza withdrawal plan and vacate all settlements from the Gaza Strip and some from the West Bank by next year.	4
1	Blair home after successful heart surgery; expects to return to <b>...</b>  Prime Minister Tony Blair arrived home Friday after undergoing a successful operation to correct an irregular heartbeat. Hammersmith Hospital in west London said the risk of recurrence was very 	3
1	Israel beefs up Sharon security  PRIME Minister Ariel Sharon made a dramatic entrance into Israel #39;s parliament today surrounded by a large phalanx of bodyguards.	4
0	Kerry's sister urging Americans living in Canada to vote in Nov. elections (Canadian Press)  Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - The sister of U.S. presidential candidate John Kerry on Thursday urged the more than 500,000 Americans living in Canada to register to vote in the November election.	1
1	Kerry faults leaders in prison abuse  Saying civilian command should be held accountable, Democrat repeats his call for Rumsfeld to resign. The reports on the abuses at a prison in Iraq show no accountability by civilian leaders, Sen. John Kerry said at a town hall meeting in Philadelphia.	1
0	FEC OKs Unlimited Donations for Recounts (AP)  AP - Presidential and congressional candidates can raise unlimited donations to finance recounts as President Bush and Al Gore did for their high-stakes Florida dispute in 2000.	0
1	Presidential Candidates Hit Midwest  WASHINGTON Sept. 6, 2004 - Democrat John Kerry accused President Bush on Monday of sending US troops to the  quot;wrong war in the wrong place at the wrong time quot; and said he #39;d try to bring them all home in four years.	0 1
0	Standing firm, Arafat seen to counter his critics  JERUSALEM -- Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat appears to have faced down the biggest challenge to his leadership in years without giving ground on demands to overhaul his administration, while Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel struggles to chart a new political course amid rising dissent in his party, officials and analysts say.	2 4
0	In Address at U.N., Bush Defends Decision to Invade Iraq  The president asserted that Iraq will be a beacon of freedom and that nations should not falter in the fight against terror.	0
0	NY #39;s leaders  amp; Arabs split  Yasser Arafat is as much a polarizing figure in death as he was in life, drawing criticism from political foes but praise in the streets of Brooklyn #39;s Arab enclaves.	2
1	Israel would not bar Arafat return after overseas treatment  JERUSALEM, Oct 28 (AFP) - Israel will not bar ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat from returning to the West Bank if he were to leave for medical treatment, senior government spokesman Raanan Gissin told AFP Thursday.	2
0	Embattled Blair pushes for third term  Here we are again .. my toughest week yet since the last one ... and before the next one, said the ever-embattled but resolute British Prime Minister Tony Blair at the start of a 	3
1	A zoo out there: Wolves, ostriches and eagles populate <b>...</b>  In heavily symbolic television spots, President Bush #39;s campaign uses prowling wolves to suggest that the country under Sen. John Kerry would be vulnerable to terrorists.	0 1
0	Carter hopes for new peace talks in wake of Arafat #39;s death  ATLANTA Former President Jimmy Carter is expressing hope for new Middle East peace efforts in the wake of Yasser Arafat #39;s death.	2
1	Sound bites vs. sound answers  A cavernous, dirt-floored livestock barn in Springfield, Ohio, is worlds away from a college auditorium in Coral Gables, Fla. But as President Bush addressed a rapturous crowd in Ohio on Monday afternoon, the 	0
1	Frantic sprint for finish line  Tension built to a fever pitch yesterday as President Bush and John Kerry ran neck and neck into the homestretch in a final frenzied sprint around the battleground states.	0 1
1	A renewed push on initiatives looms  Supported by a larger Republican majority in Congress, President Bush is likely to forge ahead in his second term with efforts to cut taxes on investment, allow 	0
0	Tehran official calls a Bush win preferable  TEHRAN -- The head of Iran's security council said yesterday that the reelection of President Bush was in Tehran's best interests, despite the administration's axis of evil label, accusations that Iran harbors Al Qaeda terrorists, and threats of sanctions over the country's nuclear ambitions. Historically, Democrats have harmed Iran more than Republicans, said Hasan Rowhani, head of the Supreme National ...	0
0	Bush: Americans Expect Bipartisanship (AP)  AP - President Bush is striking twin themes for a second term, vowing to fight hard for his political agenda while reaching across the aisle to Democrats.	0
0	In Party Speech, Blair Admits Political Cost of Iraq Mistakes  Prime Minister Tony Blair offered a qualified apology for some of the judgments he had made in taking the country to war.	3
1	The Osama effect  If bin Laden is alive, expect him to appear again on a home video, probably in the days leading up to the election, in an effort to undercut Bush #39;s re-election hopes.	0
1	Expect additional tax reform  Convinced the US economy is prospering, President Bush in his second term will put even greater emphasis on tax reform, economic experts said Wednesday.	0
1	Bush, Kerry Set for Crucial First Debate  President Bush and Democratic rival Sen. John Kerry prepared on Thursday for a security policy showdown expected to focus on Iraq, where 	0 1
1	Blair has surgery to fix heartbeat, resting at home  British Prime Minister Tony Blair underwent a successful operation today to correct an irregular heartbeat and was recovering at home, a hospital official said.	3
0	Bush Stance on Civil Unions Upsets Groups (AP)  AP - Some conservative groups expressed dismay Tuesday over President Bush's tolerance of state-sanctioned civil unions between gay people  #151; laws that would grant same-sex partners most or all the rights available to married couples.	0
0	Israel Kills 5 Palestinian Militants in W.Bank Raid   NABLUS, West Bank (Reuters) - Israel killed five  Palestinian militants in a West Bank raid on Wednesday, keeping  up pressure on armed factions as Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's  plan for a partial pullout from occupied lands moved forward.	4
0	Jailed uprising leader Barghouti will seek Palestinian presidency  Jailed uprising leader Marwan Barghouti has decided to run for Palestinian Authority president in a Jan. 9 election, seeking to succeed the late Yasser Arafat 	2
0	Adviser Says Yasser Arafat Is Near Death (AP)  AP - Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is near death, an adviser said Tuesday.	2
1	Rice to Have Minor Surgery on Friday  Secretary of State-designate Condoleezza Rice will have a minor surgical procedure on Friday while President Bush is away on a trip to Chile, her spokesman said.	0
0	Hemispheric trade zone stumbles  President Bush spent the weekend in Chile, the only South American nation with a free-trade pact with the US.	0
1	Vice President Dick Cheney Says He Opposes Same-Sex Marriage Ban  Vice President Dick Cheney publicly stated on Tuesday that he opposes President Bush #39;s proposed constitutional amendment to ban same-sex marriage.	0
1	Anti-Bush Protestors Heckle Broadway Theatergoers  Dozens of demonstrators heckled and jeered Broadway theatergoers on Sunday, seeking confrontations with Republican delegates who arrived in New York City to back President Bush #39;s reelection bid.	0
1	Bush Stumps In Colorado  Colorado Springs, Colo. -- Stumping in Colorado, President Bush is issuing a pre-debate warning about his rival John Kerry. He says the Democrat #39;s debate statements  quot;simply do not pass the credibility test.	0 1
0	Mubarak Says Sharon is Palestinians #39;  (IFM) Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak described Prime Minister Ariel Sharon Thursday as the Palestinians #39; best chance for peace, HaAretz reported.	4
0	Pakistani PM to meet with Blair  Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf was preparing Saturday to meet in London with British Prime Minister Tony Blair, the BBC reported.	3
1	Key is if voters see link between Iraq war, terror  WASHINGTON - The presidential debate Thursday night gives John Kerry a chance to turn national angst about the war in Iraq into a turning point in the campaign.	1
0	Chirac in London for Entente Cordiale talks  Tony Blair is set to hold Entente Cordiale talks with Jacques Chirac, the French president, in London today. The talks, to mark 100 years of the relationship, are likely to be tense with regards to relations with America and the war in Iraq.	3
1	Network News Flash: Probe Looms (Reuters)  Reuters - CBS may have escaped congressional scrutiny into the controversy over allegedly forged documents detailing President Bush's National Guard service, but only until the election is over.	0
0	Ex-head of BBC says Tony Blair lied  The former chief of the BBC has accused Britain #39;s Prime Minister Tony Blair of being incompetent or lying to Parliament about the war in Iraq, the BBC said.	3
1	Bush salutes Canada for its help after 9/11  HALIFAX, Nova Scotia -- President Bush thanked the people of Canadas Atlantic provinces on Wednesday for taking in Americans whose flights were diverted there after the Sept.	0
1	Bush Takes Narrow Lead As Polls Close In The East, South  After 10 months of handshaking, photo taking and promise making, it #39;s all come down to this. The opening round of the 2004 presidential election is over for the first handful of states.	0
0	Straw at Arafat tomb as Sharon cancels meeting  Jack Straw pledged Britain #39;s support today for the smooth running of elections to replace Yassir Arafat as he laid a wreath on the tomb of the late Palestinian leader.	2
1	Bush Campaigns in Florida, Attacks Kerry #39;s Voting Record  President Bush says Democratic challenger, Senator John Kerry #39;s vote against a military funding bill raises questions about his ability to lead the nation.	0
0	BBC reporters' log  BBC correspondents record events in the Middle East and their thoughts as the funeral of the Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat takes place.	2
1	Bush targets Kerry in Ohio  President Bush, previewing a theme he is likely to use throughout his debate Thursday against Democrat John F. Kerry, joked to an audience 	0 1
0	Arafat may have been poisoned: nephew  Yasser Arafat #39;s nephew said his uncle may have died an  quot;unnatural quot; death, a statement certain to fuel speculation among Palestinians that their late-leader was poisoned.	2
0	Israeli cabinet approves compensation bill for Gaza settlers  The Israeli cabinet approved at a weekly session on Sunday plans to compensate settlers who will evacuate from Gaza under Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s disengagement plan.	4
0	Israeli cabinet approves compensation for Gaza settlers  JERUSALEM, Oct 24 (AFP) - The Israeli cabinet approved Sunday a compensation package for settlers who are set to be uprooted from their homes on the eve of a crunch debate on Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to pull out of the Gaza Strip.	4
1	Bin Laden Reaches Out to Swing Voters  Who benefits from the last-minute surprise appearance of Osama bin Laden in the 2004 US presidential campaign?  quot;If Bush wins the elections, he will owe Bin Laden a favor, quot; says London #39;s 	0
0	AP: Kerry Fund-Raisers, S. Korean Spy Met (AP)  AP - A South Korean embassy official who met with John Kerry fund-raisers to talk about creating a political group for Korean-Americans was in fact a spy for his country, raising concerns among U.S. officials that he or Seoul may have tried to influence the fall presidential election.	1
0	Bush, Kerry Looking for Edge in Debate  SANTA FE, N.M. - Running even just 20 days before the election, President Bush and Sen...	0
1	Lockhart contacted memo scandal figure  The controversy over CBS #39;s use of disputed documents to raise questions about President Bush #39;s service record broadened from a journalism scandal into a 	0
1	Blair offers a qualified apology over Iraq  BRIGHTON, England Prime Minister Tony Blair conceded Tuesday that there had been a decline of public trust in his government over the military campaign in Iraq, and he offered the assembled delegates of his governing Labour Party a qualified apology for 	3
3	Social Security Reform a Boon for Funds? (Reuters)  Reuters - The bonanza many believe President Bush has handed the mutual fund industry with his plans to reform Social Security may be a mirage, industry leaders said on Friday.	0
0	Standing firm, Arafat seen to counter his critics  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat appears to have faced down the biggest challenge to his leadership in years without giving ground on demands 	2
1	Hamas vows to keep up attacks  The militant Islamic group Hamas said the death of Palestinian President Yasser Arafat would strengthen its resolve to keep up attacks against Israel.	2
0	Bush Pledges Immigration Reform at Asia-Pacific Summit  <p></p><p> By Steve Holland</p><p> SANTIAGO (Reuters) - President Bush reached out to LatinAmerica on Sunday with a pledge to pursue immigration reformbut a security scuffle that he inserted himself into created alasting image for this year's summit of Asia-Pacific leaders.</p>	0
1	Analysis: Duel offers clearer choices for voters, but no clear <b>...</b>  TEMPE, Ariz. - The duel in the desert ended with clearer choices for Americans, but no clear political advantage for either President Bush or Sen. John Kerry 19 days before the election.	0 1
1	Mazzaglia: John Kerry should apologize  Vietnam veterans are honored all over the country these days. However, that wasn #39;t the way it was when the war was being waged or even after it ended.	1
1	Bush seeks to paint a liberal  President Bush will paint John Kerry as a liberal outside the American mainstream at tonight #39;s final debate on domestic issues, confident that the focus on topics traditionally 	0 1
0	Palestinians granted free movement  Secretary of State Colin Powell said yesterday that he won Israel #39;s agreement to permit freedom of movement for Palestinians when they hold elections for a successor to Yasser Arafat in January.	2
0	Anti-APEC protesters unite  POLICE fought street battles today for a second straight day with university students protesting the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in Chile and the weekend arrival of US President George W. Bush.	0
1	Bush, Kerry Prepare for Debate in Fla.  CORAL GABLES, Fla. Sept. 30, 2004 - After a deluge of campaign speeches and hostile television ads, President Bush and challenger John Kerry got their chance to face each other directly Thursday night before 	0 1
0	Bush, Kerry on swing-state tours  US presidential candidates George W Bush and John Kerry tour states seen as important to win November's poll.	1
0	Kerry Will Begin Ad Blitz in Seven States  NEW YORK - John Kerry will begin his post-Labor Day advertising blitz in seven states from New Hampshire to New Mexico, his political Ground Zero for a  $50 million campaign scheduled to expand into another 13 states by Nov. 2...	1
0	Sharon Seeks Wider Govt to Save Gaza Pullout Plan   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  launched new efforts on Tuesday to widen his shaky coalition  after a stinging setback in parliament that complicated his  plan to withdraw from some occupied territory.	4
0	Sharon  #39;is going soft #39;  Jerusalem - Members of Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s right-wing Likud party expressed concern on Friday that the hawkish premier had gone soft on the Palestinians since Yasser Arafat died last week.	2 4
0	Arafat #39;s nephew not ruling out poison as cause of death  While Yasser Arafat #39;s nephew says toxicology tests on his uncle show no poisons were found in his system, Arafat #39;s nephew isn #39;t ruling that out as a cause of death.	2
0	Alexandra Pelosi Captures Campaign Process  NEW YORK - From the moment she met John Kerry, filmmaker Alexandra Pelosi knew she wouldn't be making "Journeys with John.""She's going to lampoon all of us. She's going to have us all do stupid things," Kerry said more than a year ago when first approached by the camcorder-toting Pelosi...	1
0	Sharon scrambles to find majority for budget, says prepared for <b>...</b>  JERUSALEM (AFP) - Israel #39;s beleaguered Prime Minister Ariel Sharon was scrambling to find a parliamentary majority for the 2005 state budget after warning that he is prepared to call fresh elections.	4
0	Iraqi terror attacks to prevent Bush #39;s re-election: Putin:  World News: Alma Ata (Kazakhstan), Oct 18 : Russian President Vladimir Putin said Monday the terrorist attacks in Iraq were aimed at preventing the re-election of US President George W. Bush.	0
0	Israel, Egypt and US to set up free-trade link (AFP)  AFP - Israel, Egypt and the United States are to set up four free-trade zones under an agreement to be signed on December 14, which will give certain goods duty-free entry to the American market, according to the office of Israeli prime minister Ariel Sharon.	4
0	Sharon government in jeopardy  ISRAELI Prime Minister Ariel Sharon lost a crucial budget vote in parliament today in a humiliating blow that could bring down his government, force early elections and imperil his Gaza withdrawal plan.	4
0	Bush defiant at UN  President George W. Bush told skeptical foreign leaders and envoys Tuesday that Iraq was on its way to stability and democracy and called for  quot;a new definition of security 	0
3	In Mr. Bush's Neighborhood, a Peculiar Intersection  The relationship between President Bush and Wall Street has always been a tangled one, layered with paradox and outright contradiction.	0
0	Arafat #39;s young daughter sees plane off  CAIRO, Egypt -- Viewers watching Yasser Arafat #39;s funeral Friday got a rare glimpse of his 9-year-old daughter Zahwa, standing next to her mother and weeping as his coffin was placed on a plane.	2
0	Israeli Parliament Backs Sharon Gaza Pullout Plan (Reuters)  Reuters - Israel's parliament ratified Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's Gaza withdrawal plan on Tuesday, a pivotal step toward the first evacuation of settlers from occupied territory Palestinians want for a state.	4
1	A mixed legacy: lessons in ideology, biology  BEIRUT: As Yasser Arafat #39;s health deteriorates in a suburban Paris hospital and he fades away from the political scene, his legacy for Palestine and the Arab world offers important lessons 	2
1	Actor Fox Films Campaign Ad for Kerry (AP)  AP - Actor Michael J. Fox is returning to TV  #151; in a commercial praising Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry for his stance on stem cell research.	1
1	Duo tied ahead of pivotal debate, latest poll shows  TEMPE (Arizona) - President George W. Bush and Democratic Senator John Kerry remain deadlocked in the White House race going into their final debate, according to a Reuters/Zogby poll released yesterday.	0 1
0	Battle: Where to bury Arafat  After four decades of conflict with Israel, Yasser Arafat seems destined to spark yet another battle in the event of his death. The 75-year-old guerrilla leader- turned-Palestinian 	2
1	Study: Worker-paid premiums up nearly 36 in 4 years  SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- If health care is a highly ranked domestic priority among voters as expected, Sen. John Kerry may have an advantage: A new report suggests Americans are worse off than they were four 	1
0	Police probe death threats against Sharon  Jerusalem - Israeli police have launched an investigation into anonymous telephone threats to kill Prime Minister Ariel Sharon apparently linked to his plan to withdraw from the occupied Gaza Strip.	4
1	Bush praises Pakistan  President George Bush defended Pakistans co-operation in the hunt for Osama bin Laden despite the inability of US and Pakistani troops to find the al-Qaida leader who, Bush once declared, was wanted dead or alive.	0
1	Sharon rejects settler demands over Gaza withdrawal  JERUSALEM - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on Sunday rejected calls from Jewish settlers to hold a nationwide referendum on his plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip, escalating an increasingly bitter dispute between the one-time allies.	4
1	Gunfire disrupts Arafat mourning ceremony  Gunmen stormed into a mourning tent for Yasser Arafat in Gaza City Sunday night shortly after the arrival of the new leader of the Palestine Liberation Organization 	2
0	Putin Responds to Terror  The Russian president puts some blame on his international critics -- and supports president Bush	0
1	Arafat #39;s West Bank headquarters being cleaned up to prepare for <b>...</b>  Bulldozers and earthmovers pushed aside rubble and hauled away piles of wrecked cars Wednesday to prepare Yasser Arafat #39;s battered West Bank compound for his burial.	2
1	Anti-Bush Protestors Heckle Broadway Theatergoers (Reuters)  Reuters - Dozens of demonstrators heckled and jeered Broadway theatergoers on Sunday, seeking confrontations with Republican delegates who arrived in New York City to back President Bush's reelection bid.	0
0	Militant Chief Wounded in Israeli Strike in Gaza   GAZA (Reuters) - A militant leader survived an Israeli  missile strike on his car in Gaza on Thursday in Israel's first  assassination attempt in the Palestinian territories since  Yasser Arafat died in a Paris hospital.	2
1	Chilean Police, Students Clash Before APEC Summit  Riot police in Santiago, Chile have fired tear gas and water cannon at hundreds of students protesting President Bush #39;s arrival later this week at an economic summit in the Chilean capital.	0
1	The New Face of National Security  Stephen J. Hadley, who President Bush yesterday named his new national security adviser, has had a prominent role in many of the Bush administration #39;s bigger mistakes, just as the under-reaction to al Qaeda threats before Sept.	0
0	Palestinians not doing enough, says Sharon  Israel accused the Palestinian authorities on Monday of doing nothing to prevent attacks after five soldiers were killed in the deadliest assault since the death of Yasser Arafat more than a month ago.	2
1	Bush names Kellogg exec as commerce secretary  In a key step toward building a new team to develop and sell his second-term policies on taxes, Social Security and trade, President Bush on Monday picked Carlos Gutierrez 	0
1	CBS Sorry for Preempting Hit Drama with Arafat Report (Reuters)  Reuters - The CBS television network apologized to viewers on Thursday for interrupting the last five minutes of a hit detective drama with a special report on the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat.	2
1	UK troop redeployment not political: Hoon  LONDON - Britain may move some soldiers around inside Iraq, the UK defence minister said Monday, but denied the redeployment to more dangerous areas would be a show of support for US President George W. Bush.	0
0	Bush Calls Canada  #39;an Honoured Ally #39;  George W. Bush wraps up his first official visit to an  quot;old friend quot; later this morning in Halifax. The US President and Prime Minister Paul Martin will fly to Atlantic Canada this morning, where Bush will give a 30-minute speech to Canadians.	0
1	Bush, Kerry Line Up for Key First Debate  President Bush and Democratic rival John Kerry give voters their first chance to size up the two White House candidates side by side when they square off in debate on Thursday.	0 1
0	Responding to McCain, Bush Plans Legal Action on Ads (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush on Thursday sought to smooth over differences with Sen. John McCain by promising to take legal action to stop political ads by outside groups, including those attacking the war record of Bush's Democratic presidential rival, John Kerry.	0 1
1	Sharon Battles to Save Government from Collapse  Reeling from a parliamentary defeat, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon prepared on Thursday to open coalition talks to save his shattered government and avoid early 	4
0	Anti-terrorism, security issues likely to be key agenda items in Bush visit (Canadian Press)  Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - For George W. Bush, who has defined his presidency in terms of fighting terror, national security is a must which trumps almost all other issues.	0
3	Is Bush Abolishing the IRS?	0
1	Sweet Nothings Bush #39;s UN speech offers platitudes instead of <b>...</b>  George W. Bush doesn #39;t like speaking at the United Nations. You can see it in his eyesthe flicker of perplexity, bordering on distress, when he recites a line that draws surefire cheers on 	0
1	Kerry owes the voters a clear foreign policy vision  In a bullfight, the picador is that horseman who comes out to lance the bull with a sharp spear and get him angry, ready for the matador.	1
0	CARE director pleads for help  The kidnapped director of CARE International in Iraq appeared on a videotape broadcast today, weeping and pleading with British Prime Minister Tony Blair to withdraw troops from Iraq.	3
1	Containing self-righteous US behavior  At this point it appears that the US presidential election will remain a neck-and-neck race right down to the wire; however, it is interesting that both President George W Bush and Senator John Kerry share the same fundamental beliefs about America #39;s role 	1
1	Cheney: Kerry disrespectful to Iraqi leader  Vice President Dick Cheney chastised Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry on Thursday, saying his criticism of Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi showed an appalling  quot;lack of respect.	1
0	Bush Taunts Kerry, Tests Debate Lines  COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. - President Bush taunted Democratic rival John Kerry and tested debate lines before friendly audiences in Colorado and Arizona on Tuesday while Kerry crammed in private for Wednesday night's final faceoff of the campaign...	0 1
1	Britain willing to talk to Bigley #39;s kidnappers in Iraq but won #39;t <b>...</b>  Britain #39;s government is willing to talk to the kidnappers of a British engineer, Prime Minister Tony Blair said Thursday, but officials stressed 	3
0	PA brass in Paris to see Arafat doctors  PLO Secretary General Mahmoud Abbas and Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia arrived in Paris last night on their way to finding out PA Chairman Yasser Arafat #39;s condition first-hand, despite 	2
0	Fatah Council Backs Abbas for Palestinian President (Reuters)  Reuters - The Revolutionary Council of the Palestinians' dominant political faction Fatah approved Mahmoud Abbas on Thursday as its candidate to succeed Yasser Arafat in a presidential election set for Jan. 9.	2
1	Clinton, jobs and the Bible  by our correspondent Reinout van Wagtendonk, 25 October 2004. Former President Bill Clinton has joined the campaign of Democratic presidential hopeful John Kerry.	1
1	Documentary on Kerry Should Be Broadcast   quot;Fahrenheit 9/11, quot; Michael Moore #39;s sleazy propaganda film targeting President Bush, was just fine with millions of liberals.	0
1	Bush names USDA, security chiefs  President Bush Thursday chose two people to join his Cabinet, nominating Nebraska #39;s governor to head the Department of Agriculture and a former New York City police commissioner for the Homeland Security post.	0
1	Bush says Kerry  #39;wrong man #39; for White House  United States President George W Bush has said Senator John Kerry lacked the conviction to lead and was  quot;the wrong man for the wrong job at the wrong time, quot; mocking his Democratic rival #39;s criticism of the Iraq war.	0 1
3	Bush Said to Be Ready to Open Oil Reserve Spigot  The Energy Department is reviewing requests for oil loans from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve following the recent hurricanes, the government said today.	0
0	In Colombia, Bush vows aid in drug war  CARTAGENA, Colombia -- Under a security web of warplanes, battleships, and 15,000 troops, President Bush praised Colombia's battle against drugs and Marxist guerrillas yesterday and pledged to keep US aid flowing so that  quot;this courageous nation can win its war against narcoterrorists. quot;	0
0	Latin American leaders discuss Haiti, Bush reelection 	0
0	Blair to Urge End to Trans-Atlantic Rift  British Prime Minister Tony Blair will stress the need for Europe and the United States to put differences over Iraq behind them and work together to tackle issues such as Middle East peace in a speech on Monday.	3
0	Questions Raised About Bush Guard Service  WASHINGTON - New documents unearthed in the midst of the presidential campaign fill in some blanks but raise other questions about the sometimes mysterious and spotty story of President Bush's military service during Vietnam when he won a coveted spot in the Texas Air National Guard and avoided the war.    Reviving issues that have shadowed his political career, the documents show Bush ignored a direct order from a superior officer and lost his status as a Texas Air National Guard pilot more than three decades ago because he failed to meet military performance standards and undergo a required physical examination...	0
0	Sharon Demands Syria Curb Militants Before Talks   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  rejected reported peace overtures by Syria on Wednesday, saying  it had to crack down on Islamic militant groups under its  control before negotiations that stalled in 2000 could resume.	4
0	Schwarzenegger Lauds Bush on Terror Fight (AP)  AP - California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger drew on his childhood in Soviet-occupied Austria to endorse President Bush's war on terror. "Terrorism is more insidious than communism," the bodybuilder-turned-politician said Tuesday in a speech to the Republican convention.	0
0	Kerry Could Become Strong Senate Voice (AP)  AP - Like many presidential candidates before him, John Kerry must now decide what to do with the rest of his political life.	1
1	Kerry says Bush has lost credibility  President Bush has lost credibility with world leaders over the war in Iraq and has handled the war there  quot;incompetently quot; since the March 2003 invasion, Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry said Tuesday.	0 1
0	Sharon Presses Gaza Pullout Plan  (CBS/AP) Senior Israeli Cabinet ministers on Tuesday approved the payment of cash advances to Jewish settlers who will be removed from their homes under Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip.	4
1	Domestic issues pack solid punch  Bush and Kerry express different philosophies about health care system and how it can be changed.  President Bush: Wilkes-Barre, Pa.	0 1
1	Kerry #39;s Crucial Night  Shortly before undergoing successful open-heart surgery this summer, a man who knows something about debating an incumbent president named Bush was asked how John Kerry should conduct tonight #39;s televised encounter with George W.	0 1
0	Kerry Courts Black Voters at Church Stops  MIAMI - With just three Sundays left before Election Day, Sen. John Kerry is asking for all the help he can get from black voters and the Almighty...	1
1	Mutually Assured Deconstruction  resident Bush likes to zing John Kerry for his more infelicitous pronouncements, like his votes for and against a certain appropriations bill.	0 1
0	Conspiracy Theories Persist on Arafat's Death  The rapid decline of the 75-year-old Palestinian leader's health, the refusal of his wife and authorities at the French military hospital where he died last Thursday to release his medical records and Israel's threat a year ago to "remove" him have spawned a cottage industry of speculation among Palestinians.	2
1	Possible outcomes for a close election  ATLANTA - Could a vote in the House of Representatives end up deciding a tied election? Or will it end up being a comfortable win for Republican President Bush or Democratic Sen. John Kerry?	0 1
1	To: National Desk, Political Reporter  WASHINGTON - The Republican National Committee today released an updated Kerry on Iraq documentary on http://www.KerryOnIraq.com and emailed it to three million supporters in advance of tonight #39;s debate.	1
1	Iraq war costs us at home, Kerry says in new tactic  President Bush #39;s  quot;go-it-alone policy in Iraq quot; cost America  $200 billion that would have been better spent here at home, Sen. John Kerry said in Cincinnati Wednesday.	0 1
0	Specter Hopes to Save Senate Chairmanship (AP)  AP - Hoping to save his upcoming Judiciary Committee chairmanship, Sen. Arlen Specter plans to argue directly to the panel's Republican membership that he can be the best steward of President Bush's judicial nominees in next year's Congress.	0
1	Candidates Split on Stem Cells, Environment  President Bush defended restrictions on stem-cell research on Wednesday and reaffirmed support for nuclear-arms development, but Democratic challenger John Kerry accused Bush of putting ideology over science.	0 1
0	Israel will fight on in Gaza, Sharon promises  Israel will keep troops in the Gaza Strip indefinitely to prevent Palestinian rocket attacks on Israeli towns, Ariel Sharon, the prime minister, said yesterday.	4
0	House Votes to Overturn New OT Rules (AP)  AP - A House vote to overturn new Bush administration rules on which workers qualify for overtime pay was hailed by Democrats trying to convince undecided voters they are the party that better protects worker rights.	0
1	Sharon gets a setback in parliament  The Israeli Knesset last night dealt a staggering political blow to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, rejecting on a 53-44 vote his report on the 	4
1	Bush to nominate campaign manger to head Republican Party  US President George W. Bush will nominate his re-election campaign manager Ken Mehlman as the next chairman of the National Committee of the Republican Party, the White House announced Monday.	0
0	Can Bush Deliver a Conservative Supreme Court?  President Bush has promised to appoint "strict constructionists," but Republican presidents have largely failed to do just that.	0
0	Thousands Protest Bush Before Chile Summit (AP)  AP - Riot police used water cannons and tear gas Friday to break up a demonstration by hundreds of rock-throwing protesters before more than 20,000 people marched to vent their anger at Pacific Rim leaders, particularly President Bush.	0
1	Bush: I #39;ll work to earn your support  US President George W. Bush won another four-year term in office on Wednesday after Senator John Kerry conceded defeat. The challenger said there would not be enough uncounted ballots in Ohio to shift the 	0 1
0	Kerry Reportedly Cured of Prostate Cancer (AP)  AP - Sen. John Kerry's doctors have told him he is cured of the prostate cancer that sidelined him almost two years ago and that there is a slim chance it could recur in the next decade, The New York Times said Sunday in a report based on interviews with the Democratic presidential nominee and several of his physicians.	1
0	2 killed in shooting at Arafat service  TEL AVIV -- Armed men from the radical Al Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades shot up a mourning tent for the late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat in Gaza City last night, killing two people, injuring at least 10, and sending thousands of mourners fleeing in panic.	2
1	Bush, Kerry reworking strategies  President Bush and Sen. John F. Kerry are shifting their campaign strategies after their first debate. By DAN BALZ. A newly energized battle for the White House heads into a crucial two-week period with Sen.	0 1
1	President Bush outlines agenda  After walking from the West Wing to the Executive Office Building under rainy skies, President Bush used his first news conference since getting re-elected to lay out his priorities for the next four years.	0
1	Bush rips government role in Kerry health plan  DOWNINGTOWN, Pa. - President Bush charged Thursday that Democratic challenger Sen. John Kerry would wildly expand the size and cost of government to reform health care in the United States.	0 1
1	Sources: Doctors suspect Arafat has leukemia  Palestinian sources tell the Associated Press that doctors who specialize in the blood disease are examining Arafat. The 75-year-old Palestinian leader has been sick for the past two weeks.	2
1	Bush names Carlos Gutierrez new commerce secretary  WASHINGTON, Nov 29 (AFP) - US President George W. Bush on Monday nominated 51-year-old Carlos Gutierrez, the Cuban-born head of cereals giant Kellogg Co.	0
0	Bush campaign website inaccessible from outside US (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush's campaign website was inaccessible from outside the United States.	0
0	Imprisoned uprising leader to drop out of race to replace Arafat  RAMALLAH, West Bank Associates of an imprisoned uprising leader say he #39;s dropping out of the race to replace Yasser Arafat as head of the Palestinian Authority.	2
1	Vietnam vet saved by Kerry says Sinclair film a campaign trick  Jim Rassmann, saved by John Kerry after being blown off Kerry #39;s boat during a 1969 Vietnam firefight, said Friday a Sinclair Broadcast documentary critical of Kerry #39;s 	1
0	Cabinet OKs Payment to Jewish Settlers  JERUSALEM - Senior Israeli Cabinet ministers Tuesday approved the payment of cash advances to Jewish settlers who will be removed from their homes under Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's plan to leave the Gaza Strip - the government's first concrete step toward withdrawal.    The 9-1 vote in the Security Cabinet gave a boost to Sharon, who faces growing opposition...	4
1	President Bush wins Iowa  President Bush won Iowa on Friday, claiming the last three states of the 2004 presidential election. Although Democratic Sen. John Kerry had already conceded the race for the White House on Wednesday, the 	0 1
1	Cheney Defends US Handling of Iraq Explosives  Vice President Dick Cheney accused Sen. John Kerry on Tuesday of being an  quot;arm-chair general quot; and defended the Bush administration #39;s handling of weapons sites in 	1
3	EU to lift sanctions against United States: commission (AFP)  AFP - The European Union will lift sanctions against the United States now that US President George W. Bush has signed a law reforming corporate tax breaks deemed illegal by the World Trade Organisation, the EU executive commission said.	0
0	Rumsfeld to Remain at Pentagon  President Bush will keep Donald H. Rumsfeld as defense secretary, administration aides said Friday, hours after Health and Human Services Secretary Tommy G. Thompson resigned with a dire warning about the nation's vulnerability.	0
0	American Diplomatic Drive Comes Up Short (AP)  AP - Bush administration persistence in using diplomacy to solve a nuclear weapons crisis with North Korea is coming up short as the insular regime bobs and weaves away from resuming negotiations.	0
0	President Bush Signs Orders for Intelligence Reform  President Bush on Friday signed executive orders designed to strengthen the CIA director's power over the nation's intelligence agencies and create a national counterterrorism center, responding to election-year pressures to enact changes called for by the Sept. 11 commission.	0
1	Validity of Ukraine election in doubt, Bush says  President Bush declared Friday that charges of voter fraud have cast doubt on the Ukrainian election.  quot;The only good deal is one that #39;s verifiable, quot; the president told reporters.	0
0	Lawyer Advising Vets Quits Bush Campaign  WASHINGTON - One of President Bush's top lawyers resigned from his campaign Wednesday, a day after disclosing that he had given legal advice to a veterans group airing TV ads against Democrat John Kerry. The guidance included checking ad scripts, the group said...	0
1	Bush names new security chief  The US president, George Bush, today formally named former New York police commissioner Bernard Kerik as the new US homeland security secretary.	0
0	Kerry, Bush scramble for votes (AFP)  AFP - With only five days left before the election, Democrat John Kerry tried to fire up voters in the hope a higher turnout will give him the keys to the White House, as President George W. Bush insisted his challenger lacks the mettle of a commander in chief.	0 1
0	The politics of transition  After the emotional fury of Yasser Arafat #39;s funeral quiet has descended on the occupied territories as Palestinians step cautiously into an uncharted future.	2
1	Bush Fires Back on Iraq Criticism  Speaking to more than 1,000 revved-up supporters in a large gymnasium here, President Bush on Monday called Sen. John F. Kerry #39;s morning remarks on Iraq 	0
1	British hostage pleads for life  Facing a death threat from his Iraqi captors, British hostage Kenneth Bigley appeared in a video on an Islamist Web site Wednesday and tearfully pleaded to British Prime Minister Tony Blair to help spare his life, saying,  quot;Please 	3
0	Arafat's Nephew Says Cause of Death Inconclusive   PARIS (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat's nephew said on Monday  that medical records released by France showed no trace of  known poisons in the late Palestinian leader but the cause of  death remained a mystery.	2
1	Palestinians to set date for elections for Arafat successor  Palestinian officials pushed forward on Sunday with plans for life without Yasser Arafat, meeting to set a date for elections to replace their longtime leader after his death.	2
1	Change at Justice?  Anyone cheering John Ashcroft #39;s departure from the Justice Department might do well to hold the applause: Given a chance to pick a successor who might heal wounds inflicted by the polarizing attorney general, President Bush selected tarnished goods in 	0
1	Arafat health speculation runs wild  Yasser Arafat #39;s French physicians are refusing to discuss his health crisis, leading to rampant speculation about the Palestinian leader #39;s dramatic deterioration.	2
0	Kerry, Bush Duel Over Medicare, Terror War (Reuters)  Reuters - Democrat John Kerry criticized President Bush on Saturday for burying a record jump in Medicare premiums in a pre-holiday announcement that came during a rush of news at home and abroad.	0 1
0	Bush Warns Iran After Uranium Processing Reports (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush on Saturday warned Iran of growing international concern over reports that Tehran is preparing large amounts of uranium for an enrichment process that can be used to make nuclear weapons.	0
1	Kerry makes Iraq his No. 1 attack  Bee Washington Bureau. WASHINGTON - Just a few weeks ago, Sen. John Kerry #39;s aides were saying the homestretch of his bid to oust President Bush would focus on the economy, health care and other domestic issues.	0 1
0	Kerry's Wife Treated, Released from Iowa Hospital (Reuters)  Reuters - Teresa Heinz Kerry, wife of Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry, was taken to hospital in Iowa on Saturday complaining of an upset stomach and was released after routine tests, a spokeswoman said.	1
1	Bill Clinton Returns To The Campaign Trail  He was welcomed by an enthusiastic crowd to an outdoor rally for John Kerry in Philadelphia Monday -- Clinton #39;s first campaign appearance since his heart surgery last month.	1
0	Will Bad News Be Bad for Bush in Election? (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush has been dogged by a spate of bad news in the final days of the presidential campaign but it is unclear whether that will sway enough voters to affect the election outcome.	0
1	Big Changes Seen in Choice for Homeland Security  Administration and Congressional officials said Friday that President Bush #39;s selection of Bernard B. Kerik as the new secretary of homeland security 	0
0	Allawi: Iraq Will Hold Elections in Jan.  WASHINGTON - Offering a simple, "Thank you America," Iraqi interim prime minister Ayad Allawi declared Thursday that his country is moving successfully past the war that ousted Saddam Hussein and vowed that elections will take place next year as scheduled.   "Elections will occur in Iraq on time in January because Iraqis want elections on time," Allawi told a joint meeting of Congress, an appearance that President Bush's advisers hoped would ease American voters' doubts about the troubled campaign in Iraq...	0
1	PM #39;s mulls abolition of gov #39;t settlement division  Following an unproductive meeting with settler representatives on Sunday, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon announced his intentions to establish a team that will examine whether 	4
0	White House Adviser on Iraq Policy To Step Down  Robert Blackwill, who had been mentioned prominently in speculation about President Bush's second term foreign-policy team, unexpectedly announced his resignation Friday.	0
1	Kerry Hurls Essence of Report on Iraq at Bush  Citing a new classified intelligence report predicting serious troubles ahead for Iraq, John F. Kerry yesterday accused President Bush of living in a  quot;fantasy world of spin quot; and 	0 1
0	Kerry on Iraq: 'Wrong War, Wrong Place, Wrong Time' (Reuters)  Reuters - Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry on Monday called the invasion of Iraq "the wrong war in the wrong place at the wrong time" and said his goal was to withdraw U.S. troops in a first White House term.	1
1	Debate could be Kerry #39;s last best hope of catching Bush  MIAMI : The two men vying for the presidency of the United States hunkered down like school boys to cram for a televised debate that might be Democrat John Kerry #39;s last best hope of overtaking President George W. Bush.	0 1
0	Florida governor turns to US Supreme Court in euthanasia case (AFP)  AFP - Florida's Governor Jeb Bush asked the US Supreme Court to intervene to keep a comatose woman alive, over the wishes of her husband, who wants to disconnect the feeding tube that has sustained her for 14 years.	0
1	Bush says Kerry #39;s adopting Dean #39;s rhetoric  President Bush related, bio says John Kerry #39;s latest attacks over Iraq have taken on the angry tone of his primary foe Howard Dean related, bio.	0 1
0	Teresa Kerry may bring African roots to the White House (AFP)  AFP - In a villa overlooking the Indian Ocean, Teresa Simoes Ferreira grew up in the segregated privilege of Portuguese-ruled Mozambique where she accompanied her father on medical rounds in poor rural areas.	1
0	To stay healthy, US-Saudi ties need attention  Over the past year, the George W. Bush administration has prepared a comprehensive political and economic reform initiative aimed at promoting democracy in the Middle East.	0
1	Arafat #39;s Wife Accuses Deputies of Wanting Him Dead  Yasser Arafat #39;s wife accused Palestinian leaders hoping to travel to France Monday to visit her critically ill husband of plotting to  quot;bury him alive.	2
0	Bush Calls for Full UN Oil-For-Food Probe  The Bush administration made clear on Thursday it would not take a position on whether UN Secretary General Kofi Annan should resign as it awaited the results of an investigation into the UN oil-for-food scandal.	0
1	ANALYSIS: Country polarized over president, his policies as GOP <b>...</b>  As Republicans gather to make their case for President Bush #39;s re-election this week, they will do so against a backdrop as divisive as any since 1968, when Democrats needed the National Guard to preserve order outside their Chicago convention.	0
0	Bush downplays security flaps on trip to Chile  CARTAGENA, Colombia President Bush is shrugging off a pair of security flaps during his just-concluded visit to Chile. In one incident, Chilean security guards barred Bush #39;s Secret Service detail from a dinner 	0
1	Redskins lose, Kerry hopes for win  TAMPA. Fla. First it was the Boston Red Sox World Series win that had John Kerry grinning, now another sports event has him feeling good.	1
0	Palestinian leaders arrive in Paris to visit Arafat  Four Palestinian top leaders arrived on Monday evening on board a private plane to visit Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, hospitalized in Percy military hospital since Oct. 29.	2
3	Bush Nominates Kellogg Executive for Commerce Secretary  Carlos Gutierrez has been chief executive of the Kellogg Company for more than five years, but he has little background in public policy.	0
0	Bush's National Guard File Missing Records  WASHINGTON - Documents that should have been written to explain gaps in President Bush's Texas Air National Guard service are missing from the military records released about his service in 1972 and 1973, according to regulations and outside experts.    For example, Air National Guard regulations at the time required commanders to write an investigative report for the Air Force when Bush missed his annual medical exam in 1972...	0
0	North Korea Says Talks with U.S. Are Pointless (Reuters)  Reuters - North Korea described President Bush on Monday as a tyrannical political imbecile who put Adolf Hitler in the shade and said Pyongyang could see no justification for talks with his administration.	0
3	EU to lift tariffs on US exports  The European Union said Monday it will lift sanctions against US imports following President Bush #39;s decision to remove illegal export subsidies.	0
0	Cubans say US remittance policy unfair  MATANZAS, Cuba -- The photo on the living room wall shows a smiling young man on a palm-fringed balcony near his new home in Miami, just 90 miles from here. His aging parents and grandmother fear they may not live to see him again -- and they blame President Bush.	0
0	September Job Growth Less Than Forecast  WASHINGTON - Companies added 96,000 jobs to their payrolls in September, fewer than economists forecast for the last employment report before Election Day. The figures underscored the modest hiring pace that has become an issue in President Bush's re-election bid...	0
1	Netanyahu calls for voteon Gaza settler pullout  JERUSALEM Benjamin Netanyahu, the influential Israeli finance minister, called Monday for a national referendum on the proposed withdrawal of Jewish settlers from the Gaza Strip, a move that could complicate the plan set out by Prime Minister Ariel Sharon 	4
0	Bush Plans to Cut Forces in Europe, Asia (AP)  AP - President Bush has decided to bring home tens of thousands of U.S. troops from posts around the world  #151; most of them in Europe and Asia  #151; plus 100,000 of their family members and support personnel, U.S. officials said Saturday.	0
0	Bush 2nd-Term Agenda Would Add Big Costs (AP)  AP - With federal deficits already running amok, it is unclear how President Bush will pay for his second-term agenda, a potentially multitrillion-dollar smorgasbord that includes overhauling Social Security and revamping the tax system.	0
0	Bush seeks  #39;full disclosure #39; at UN  President Bush yesterday called for  quot;full disclosure quot; of the United Nations oil-for-food scandal, although he declined to join Republican demands for the ouster of UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan.	0
0	Bush Accuses Kerry of New Contradictions on Iraq (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush accused Democrat John Kerry of new contradictions and ridiculed his call for a summit on Iraq on Friday as he sought to rebound from a debate that many Americans thought Kerry won.	0 1
0	Bush: Kerry Proposals Will Hurt Economy  WASHINGTON - President Bush renewed his criticism of rival John Kerry's domestic proposals Friday as his campaign prepared a new television ad warning that liberals in Congress would join Kerry in harming job growth and the economy by raising taxes on small businesses.   "To make sure the economy continues to grow, we'll be wise about how we spend the money - the people's money...	0 1
0	Voyeur mentality cited as British papers make hay out of politician's affair (Canadian Press)  Canadian Press - LONDON (CP) - He's one of the most high-profile ministers in British Prime Minister Tony Blair's cabinet, but now David Blunkett is at the centre of a debate on the privacy rights of politicians over allegations of an affair with a married woman.	3
0	Kerry Exploring Cabinet Options  If he wins the White House, John F. Kerry will immediately confront a difficult, divisive and deeply personal decision: which close friend will he have to stiff for secretary of state?	1
0	Pro-Bush Booth Stirs Anger at Convention (AP)  AP - They stop abruptly when they see the 5-foot-tall photo of President Bush, with "muslimsforbush.com" above his head.	0
0	Edwards: Iraq War Created Terror Haven (AP)  AP - Democratic vice presidential candidate John Edwards on Tuesday accused President Bush of failing the United States and the world in Iraq, citing unsecured nuclear weapons abroad and unprotected ports at home as further evidence of the president's "incompetence."	0
3	Jobless rate favours Bush  US president George W. Bush could be well positioned to win the November election if the country #39;s jobless rate holds at or below its current level, a new study suggested Monday.	0
0	Notes, Quotes From 2004 Campaign in Mo. (AP)  AP - Sen. John Kerry lost his battle to make Missouri a battleground state.	1
1	Big Changes Seen in Choice for Homeland Security  Administration and Congressional officials said Friday that President Bush #39;s selection of Bernard B. Kerik as the new secretary of homeland security 	0
1	The Prime Minister must leave his bunker  The fate of Kenneth Bigley is a vivid reminder that the Prime Minister #39;s policy in Iraq is a terrible failure. No one quarrels with Tony Blair #39;s refusal to concede to the hostage-takers #39; demands.	3
1	Blair pays tribute to Arafat  British Prime Minister Tony Blair described Yasser Arafat as an icon of the Palestinian movement, as he offered condolences on Arafat #39;s death Thursday.	2 3
0	Palestinians Arrive to See Arafat Despite Wife's Ire   PARIS (Reuters) - Palestinian leaders arrived in Paris on  Monday hoping to see critically ill President Yasser Arafat at  a French military hospital, despite a scathing attack by his  wife who accused them of plotting to "bury him alive."	2
0	Barghouti Registers to Run for Palestinian President (Update1)  Marwan Barghouti, a leader of the late Yasser Arafat #39;s Fatah faction who is serving a life sentence in an Israeli jail, is registering to run for president of the Palestinian Authority.	2
0	Democrats in N.Y. Showcase Swing Voters (AP)  AP - Delores Ramirez was a supporter of President Bush in 2000, but on this muggy Sunday afternoon the retired Virginia businesswoman was standing on the steps of New York's City Hall with dozens of supporters of Democrat John Kerry who just finished a weeklong tour of five states.	0 1
0	Blair op sparks row in his party  British Prime Minister Tony Blair was recovering Saturday after successfully undergoing treatment to correct an irregular heartbeat -- but speculation about who will succeed him raged in his party.	3
0	Michigan's Milliken Endorses Kerry (AP)  AP - Former Republican Gov. William Milliken of Michigan endorsed Democratic Sen. John Kerry for president on Monday, saying President Bush has pursued policies "pandering to the extreme right wing."	0 1
0	AdWatch: Bush Raps Kerry on Intel Reform (AP)  AP - Details of new television ad from President Bush to begin airing Monday:	0
1	Bush Reassures Elders on Flu Vaccination  President Bush waves to supporters as he arrives at Progress Energy Park-Al Lang Field during a campaign rally Tuesday, Oct. 19, 2004 in St.	0
1	Election results revive speculation on Clinton  After tirelessly storming the country for Sen. John F. Kerry and raising millions of dollars for his candidacy and for Democrats in Congress, she, after Kerry #39;s defeat, has become the party #39;s favorite for 2008.	1
0	Blair arrives back from Africa  Prime Minister Tony Blair has arrived back in Britain after a three-day trip to Africa, Downing Street has said. Mr Blair attended the second meeting of his Commission for Africa in Ethiopia where he vowed 	3
1	Candidates vie to be  #39;safe #39; choice  In a scramble for late-breaking votes, Bush and Kerry each enumerate risks of putting the other at the nation #39;s helm. By Liz Marlantes  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.	0 1
1	Bush and Kerry Trade Attacks on Credibility, Iraq  President Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry paused their debate preparations on Monday to question each other #39;s credibility and renew 	0 1
0	Bush Called  #39;Immoral #39; for Stance on Global Warming Treaty  An environmental activist group has declared President George Bush  quot;immoral quot; for his failure to support the Kyoto Protocol.	0
0	Doctors say Arafat suffering only from bad bout of flu  RAMALLAH - Palestinian doctors and officials denied Wednesday that President Yasser Arafat had cancer or gallstones and said he was suffering from nothing worse than a bad bout of flu.	2
3	Congress Passes  $388 Billion Spending Bill   WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Congress on Saturday passed  a  $388 billion package financing government programs in this  fiscal year after days of tough talks, but a last minute snag  means it may not be sent to President Bush for signing into law  for several days.	0
0	Arafats nephew blames Israel for the Palestinian leaders <b>...</b>  After receiving the Yasser Arafat #39;s medical file, his nephew, Nasser Al Kidwa, blamed Israel for the Palestinian leader #39;s death and refused to hush up rumors of poisoning - even after the French doctors said they had found no known poison.	2
1	Sharon rejects proposal for Gaza referendum  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on Tuesday reiterated his objection to holding a referendum on the Gaza disengagement plan. Speaking with Justice Minister Yosef Lapid (Shinui) Tuesday afternoon, Sharon said  quot;the 	4
1	Iraq tops list at 2nd debate  The second presidential debate between President Bush and Sen. John Kerry was framed by lingering questions on Iraq and the economy.	0 1
1	Bush family adds Scottish terrier to fold  Although President Bush has been tight-lipped about who will serve in his second-term Cabinet, the administration dropped the name Thursday of one addition to the White House family: Miss Beazley.	0
0	To regain world support Musa Keilani  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is unruffled by the setback to his unilateral disengagement from the Palestinians as a result of his failure to cobble a new coalition government with the Labor Party.	4
0	Sharon Invites Labor to Talks on Unity Coalition (Reuters)  Reuters - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon Friday invited the opposition Labor Party to begin talks to form a unity government, a move that would avoid early elections and pave the way for a withdrawal from Gaza.	4
0	Kerry: Clinton May Campaign on My Behalf (AP)  AP - Democratic Sen. John Kerry said Tuesday that former President Clinton may be hitting the trail to campaign for him in the final two weeks before Election Day.	1
0	Victorious Bush has a rare chance to bring Tehran in from the cold  Twenty-five years after its revolution of 1979, Iran has yet again become too big of a problem for Washington to play politics with.	0
0	Sharon's Party Rebels, Imperils Gaza Pullout Plan   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's  rebellious Likud party has dealt a severe setback to his plan  to withdraw from occupied Gaza by voting to bar him from  forging a coalition with the Labour opposition.	4
0	Review Finds More Bush Military Records (AP)  AP - Weeks after Texas National Guard officials signed an oath swearing they had turned over all of President Bush's military records, independent examiners found more than two dozen pages of previously unreleased documents about Bush.	0
0	Arafat Aides Agree on Security Plan to Maintain Civil Order  Yasser Arafat #39;s top deputies agreed on a security plan to maintain civil order in the West Bank and Gaza Strip while the Palestinian leader #39;s medical condition remained unchanged at a French hospital, a spokesman said.	2
3	Kudos and caution voiced at economic summit  WASHINGTON -- A White House-picked parade of specialists lauded President Bush's policies at an economic summit yesterday, but some peppered their praise with warnings that the economy could tumble unless the White House comes up with viable plans to overhaul Social Security and halve the deficit.	0
3	Bush Picks Kellogg #39;s Gutierrez as US Commerce Chief (Update5)  President George W. Bush nominated Kellogg Co. Chairman Carlos Gutierrez as commerce secretary, picking a Cuban refugee who rose to the top of the biggest US cereal maker as the chief advocate for American business.	0
0	Kerry Tries Faith to Win Undecided Voters (AP)  AP - Democrat John Kerry on Sunday tried to persuade late-deciding voters that they can put their faith in his leadership by describing the values and beliefs that he says have guided him and would shape his presidency.	1
1	Bush vs. Kerry: A fight to the finish  Our view: Kerry found his footing and it #39;s a close race to the finish on Nov. 2. All it took was a debate to rid ourselves of political attention deficit disorder and now it would seem America actually has a presidential race on its hands.	1
0	Europe Congratulates Bush and Worries About his Plans for Future  European leaders urged George W. Bush Thursday to work closely with America #39;s allies on issues like terrorism and the environment in his second term, while critics of the president worried re-election would embolden him to pursue conservative policies 	0
1	Bush Is Leading Kerry in Surveys by Newsweek, Time (Update2)  US President George W. Bush #39;s lead over Democratic challenger John Kerry narrowed to six percentage points in a Newsweek poll, while it remained at 52 percent to 41 percent in a survey of likely voters taken for Time magazine.	0 1
0	French doctors say Arafat improving, rule out leukemia  A French hospital treating Palestinians Authority Chairman Yasser Arafat said on Tuesday the leader #39;s condition was improving with treatment and ruled out leukemia.	2
1	A MS. MAPES MYSTERY  And that was even before it was disclosed that CBS News #39; dubious source for those phony National Guard memos insisted on being put in touch directly with John Kerry (news - web sites) #39;s campaign - apparently as a condition for turning over the documents 	1
1	Kerry vows to call an Iraq summit  SPRING GREEN, Wisconsin John Kerry has declared that as president he would immediately convene a summit meeting of all European and Arab heads of state  quot;to figure out how together we #39;re going to assume the burdens quot; of Iraq and proposing that another 	1
0	Kerry and Religion: Pressure Builds for Public Discussions  Polls say nearly three-quarters of the public want a president of "strong religious faith."	1
0	After Arafat  I have been asked whether the death of Yasser Arafat will open the doors to peace between the Palestinians and the Israelis. If the past is any indication, the answer is no.	2
0	Bush, Kerry Use Draft to Target Youth Vote (AP)  AP - John Kerry says re-electing President Bush would create "the great potential of a draft." Not so, responds the incumbent: "The best way to avoid the draft is to vote for me."	0 1
1	US Presidential Candidates Hit Key States  With just over a week to go in the campaign American polls indicate the presidential election couldn #39;t be any closer. Newsweek #39;s most recent survey has President Bush and Senator John Kerry tied with 46 support.	0 1
0	Bush warns Iran on nuclear activities  Santiago: US President George W Bush sharply warned Iran about reports that the Islamic republic has accelerated production of uranium material that could be used to make nuclear weapons.	0
0	Arafat health speculation runs wild  Yasser Arafat #39;s French physicians are refusing to discuss his health crisis, leading to rampant speculation about the Palestinian leader #39;s dramatic deterioration.	2
1	Bush  #39;unwilling to face the truth #39;  Democratic candidate John Kerry accused President George W. Bush yesterday of being  quot;simply unwilling to face the truth or to share it with the American people 	0 1
1	Officials decide on Arafat #39;s successor and burial site  (RAMALLAH, West Bank) - Palestinian officials said they won #39;t change succession laws in the event that Yasser Arafat dies. They said the Palestinian parliament speaker will become temporary president of the Palestinian Authority when Arafat dies.	2
0	Arafat #39;s widow retrieves his medical file  Yasser Arafat #39;s widow took possession of the late Palestinian leader #39;s widely sought medical records Friday, and was deciding whether to make the file public to  quot;stop all these false ideas quot; of what caused his death, her lawyer said.	2
0	Troops may be home by  #39;08  Defense secretary hopes US troops will be out of Iraq by Bush #39;s term #39;s end. He also wants to stick around to revamp the US military.	0
0	Bush raps major drug nations  The US president says he is concerned at Afghanistan's escalating opium industry in his annual report on major drug producers.	0
1	Kerry #39;s foes hung up on  #39;70s anti-war remarks  During the run-up to the GOP convention in New York City, Republicans have been busy running down John Kerry, his Vietnam service and his subsequent anti-war work particularly.	1
1	Administration sees opening for peace in Arafat death  WASHINGTON It won #39;t happen next year as he originally proposed in his road map, but President Bush says he #39;ll spend the next four years trying to help  quot;a truly free state quot; for Palestinians develop alongside Israel.	0
3	Bush quietly signs corporate tax-cut bill  WASHINGTON - With no fanfare, President Bush Friday signed the most sweeping rewrite of corporate tax law in nearly two decades, showering  $136 billion in new tax breaks on businesses, farmers and other groups.	0
0	CBS Can't Vouch for Bush Guard Documents  NEW YORK - CBS admitted Monday that it cannot vouch for the authenticity of documents used to support a "60 Minutes" story that questioned President Bush's Vietnam War-era National Guard service, after several experts denounced them as fakes.  ..	0
0	Arafat Mystery: The Hidden Cash  Yasir Arafat personally controls several billion dollars for the Palestinian movement, and no one else knows where it all is.	2
0	Bush Twists Kerry's Words on Iraq  WACO, Texas - President Bush opened several new scathing lines of attack against Democrat John Kerry, charges that twisted his rival's words on Iraq and made Kerry seem supportive of deposed dictator Saddam Hussein.    It was not unlike the spin that Kerry and his forces sometimes place on Bush's words...	0 1
0	No US troops for Sudan  United States President George W Bush and his Democratic presidential opponent Senator John Kerry have both come out against the commitment of US troops in the troubled Darfur region of the Sudan.	1
0	Sharon Begins Courting Opposition Parties  A top Palestinian security leader who is a related to Yasser Arafat escaped unharmed on Tuesday when a booby-trapped car exploded near his convoy in Gaza City. The blast came as Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon tried to cobble together a governing team to carry out his plan to withdraw from Gaza next year.	2 4
1	Bush Slams Kerry on Iraq Funding Vote  President Bush gestures as he speaks to supporters at the Office Depot Center during a campaign rally Saturday, Oct. 16, 2004 in Sunrise, Fla.	0
0	In Bush's Vision, a Mission to Spread Power of Liberty  Talking about "the transformational power of liberty" is President Bush's way of infusing the storyline of his presidency with a sense of a larger vision.	0
1	Baseball And Politics  NASHUA, NH -- John Kerry #39;s campaign hopes some of the Boston Red Sox #39;s come-from-behind magic will rub off on their candidate.	1
0	Liver Failure Ails Arafat  Palestine #39;s ailing leader Yasser Arafat was diagnosed with liver failure, according to an unnamed official. He added that the President #39;s condition was not improving.	2
0	Democrats Jockey for Kerry Seat; Republicans Mum (Reuters)  Reuters - Democrats are lining up to take John Kerry's seat in the U.S. Senate should he win the White House, while Republicans in Massachusetts won't even discuss the possibility in public.	1
0	Sharon Fails in Bid to Speed Up Gaza Pullout   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  failed Monday to persuade his security cabinet to speed up a  Gaza withdrawal agreed in principle by the government two  months ago, political sources said.	4
0	Blair to promote foreign policy in election  Tony Blair has changed his approach in the run-up to the next general election with a  quot;twin-track strategy quot; that acknowledges international events are likely to overshadow domestic initiatives.	3
0	Bush Pushes for Social Security Overhaul (AP)  AP - President Bush made a fresh push Saturday for a new Social Security plan in which Americans would be allowed to channel a small portion of their income into "personal savings accounts," warning that inaction could end the retirement system.	0
0	Iraq dogs Blair as party conference starts  Iraq has overshadowed the start of Tony Blair #39;s Labour Party conference despite the prime minister #39;s efforts to turn attention to the domestic agenda ahead of a general election expected next year.	3
1	Bush defends Iraq war  President George W Bush delivered an unapologetic defence of his decision to invade Iraq, telling the United Nations yesterday that it  quot;helped to deliver the Iraqi people from an outlaw dictator quot;.	0
0	Bush Pressing Case for 'Ownership Society'  WASHINGTON - Amid signs that the economy is cooling, President Bush is showcasing initiatives for a second term under the banner of an "ownership society" in hopes of bolstering his economic stewardship credentials.    His platform includes initiatives to help people buy homes, start businesses, hone job skills and set up tax-free retirement and health care accounts - plus a still unspecified tax-code overhaul...	0
0	Poll: Bush Allies See Greater Terror Risk  WASHINGTON - More than two-thirds of the people living in Australia, Britain and Italy - three countries allied with the United States in the Iraq war - believe the war has increased the threat of terrorism.    Leaders of those countries - prime ministers Tony Blair of Britain and John Howard of Australia and Premier Silvio Berlusconi of Italy - all get low marks from their people for their handling of the war on terrorism, an Associated Press-Ipsos poll shows...	3
0	Bush Vows Rapid Aid to Hurricane Victims  PUNTA GORDA, Fla. - Residents left homeless by Hurricane Charley's 145 mph winds dug through their ravaged homes on Sunday, sweeping up shattered glass and rescuing what they could as President Bush promised rapid delivery of disaster aid...	0
0	Arafat Acknowledges Mistakes, Urges Change   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian President  Yasser Arafat made a rare acknowledgement of mistakes under his  rule Wednesday and urged reforms to end corruption after an  unprecedented wave of turmoil.	2
1	Change At Justice Welcomed  Departure of Ashcroft, new leadership at Justice a good omen, but war ruling clouds nominee #39;s chances. President George W. Bush did the right thing in making it clear to Attorney General John Ashcroft that his resignation would be accepted if tendered.	0
1	Sharon fails to win support for Knesset speech  The Israeli Knesset, or parliament, voted 53-44 Monday night against Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s speech on his disengagement plan, the Ha #39;aretz daily reported.	4
0	Bush Pledges to Aid Colombia's Drug Fight  Under a security web of warplanes, battleships and 15,000 troops, President Bush praised Colombia's battle against drugs and Marxist guerrillas Monday and pledged to keep U.S. aid flowing so "this courageous nation can win its war against narcoterrorists."	0
1	Bush Lauds Marines #39; Courage, Service  In a morale-boosting visit, President Bush crossed the country today to thank the Marines for their service in the war on terrorism, and he urged every American during the holiday 	0
1	Palestinian Leader Yasser Arafat Dead  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, one of the most controversial and divisive figures in Middle East politics, died in a Paris hospital early Thursday morning of a mystery illness, according to media reports.	2
0	Bush Accuses Kerry of New Contradictions on Iraq (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush accused Democrat John Kerry on Monday of "new contradictions of his old positions on Iraq" and defended the U.S.-led invasion a day before addressing skeptical world leaders at the United	0
0	Sharon rejects settler demands over Gaza withdrawal  JERUSALEM - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on Sunday rejected calls from Jewish settlers to hold a nationwide referendum on his plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip, escalating an increasingly bitter dispute between the one-time allies.	4
1	Arafat fights for life  JERUSALEMA vigil appeared to be building around ailing Yasser Arafat early today at his besieged compound in the West Bank city of Ramallah.	2
0	Upbeat Republicans Revive Bush Theme of Compassion  Republicans circled back to President Bush's winning 2000 campaign theme of "compassionate conservatism."	0
0	Kerry gets blame for Haiti unrest  Brazil's top general leading  Haiti peacekeepers says comments by US Democrat John Kerry boosted unrest.	1
3	Bush urged to accept fuel emissions limits  The Bush administration and Congress should accept a mandatory programme of tradeable permits to limit greenhouse emissions and tighten fuel efficiency standards for vehicles 	0
1	Bush claims UN support for ousting Saddam  St Cloud, US: Faced with UN chief Kofi Annan #39;s charge that the war in Iraq was  #39;illegal #39; under the world body #39;s charter, President George W. Bush strongly implied that the invasion enjoyed UN support.	0
0	Weighty US presidential campaign lightened by relentless comics (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush and Democratic rival John Kerry have not been spared by US comedians who have constantly lampooned the US presidential contenders in a comic assault led by a widely watched fake newscast.	0 1
1	Bush Nominates Head of Kellogg  Carlos M. Gutierrez #39;s life story is the kind that President Bush admires: The son of a Cuban political refugee, he worked his way from delivering Frosted Flakes in the toughest sections 	0
0	National Guard Hands Over More Bush Papers  WASHINGTON - More than a week after a court-imposed deadline to turn over all records of President Bush's military service, the Texas Air National Guard belatedly produced two documents Tuesday that include Bush's orders for his last day of active duty in 1973.    The orders show Bush was on "no-fly" status for his last days of duty because he had been grounded almost a year earlier for skipping an annual medical exam...	0
1	Kerry camp slams new Bush ad  A new Bush ad Monday attacking Sen. John Kerry for likening terrorism to gambling and prostitution was a sign of desperation, a Kerry spokesman said.	1
1	Britain Denies Political Motive in Troop Move  LONDON/BAGHDAD, Iraq -- The British government on Monday rejected claims it was planning to put some of its troops under US command as a political show of support for President George W. Bush ahead of the presidential elections.	0
0	Bush, Kerry Talk Tough Before Last Debate  DENVER - In a last-minute flurry of accusations before their final debate, John Kerry tried to tie President Bush to record oil prices while the president charged that his Democratic opponent has totally misunderstood the war on terror.    On the way to the debate that will range over domestic issues from the economy to health care, Bush is reaching out to military supporters in Colorado Springs, where the war in Iraq is the chief concern...	0 1
0	Disillusioned Americans eye New Zealand's alternative bush (AFP)  AFP - Enquiries from Americans wanting to move to New Zealand have skyrocketed since George W. Bush was reelected president of the United States.	0
0	Kerry feels the pressure of presidential campaign (AFP)  AFP - Democrat John Kerry says running for the White House has involved an intrusiveness  quot;beyond description, quot; with personal attacks on his character that he accuses the media of treating as entertainment.	1
0	Kerry Courts Black Voters at Church Stops  MIAMI - With just three Sundays left before Election Day, Sen. John Kerry is asking for all the help he can get from black voters and the Almighty...	1
0	Sudan Calls Out U.S. on Genocide Claim (AP)  AP - Sudan's U.N. ambassador challenged the United States to send troops to the Darfur region if it really believes a genocide is taking place as the U.S. Congress and President Bush's administration have determined.	0
0	Blair Aims to Get Bush to Focus on Peace  British Prime Minister Tony Blair will seek this week to use his support for President Bush in Iraq as a lever for greater US commitment to the quest for peace in the Middle East.	0 3
1	Oil: Price jumps on Bush win, US supplies swell  NEW YORK - Oil prices rose on Wednesday as the re-election of US President George W. Bush countered a big increase in spare oil supplies ahead of winter.	0
0	Bush Tours Fla., Kerry Faults Bush on Oil  CORAL GABLES, Fla. - On the eve of the first presidential debate, President Bush toured hurricane-battered Florida for the fifth time in six weeks on Wednesday, while rival John Kerry blamed Bush for sky-high oil prices...	0 1
1	Longtime Ally Decries Sharon #39;s Gaza Plan  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has betrayed his Likud Party, a longtime senior ally wrote to thousands of party faithful Thursday, but the rebuke over the Gaza withdrawal was unlikely to prevent parliament approval of the plan next week.	4
0	U.S. Elections Has Seized Global Attention (AP)  AP - It can be considered undiplomatic, and none of them actually gets to vote. But some foreign leaders and political figures haven't been able to resist the question: Bush or Kerry for U.S. president?	1
0	Veteran Backs Kerry on Silver Star Account (AP)  AP - A Chicago Tribune editor who was on the Vietnam mission for which John Kerry received the Silver Star is backing up Kerry's account of the incident.	1
0	What Next After Arafat?  How the Palestinian leader's passing will change the Mideast landscape	2
0	GOP Urge Bush to Turn Attention From Iraq  NEW YORK - Nervous Republicans are urging President Bush to unveil a robust second-term agenda at his convention next week to shift voters' focus from the unpopular war in Iraq and other issues that are a distraction to his re-election drive. Some contend the party should ditch the GOP-fueled controversy over rival John Kerry's combat record in Vietnam...	0 1
0	US-Israel ties hang on Palestinian Vote  In a pace-setting adventure next January that could herald a new beginning in the Middle East or spell disaster for all is the election of a Palestinian successor to the charismatic Yasser Arafat and a new Baghdad regime that could bring to an end the 	2
1	Bush Campaign Lawyer Quits Over Ties to Ads Group  A top lawyer for President Bush #39;s re-election campaign resigned on Wednesday after disclosing he provided legal advice to a group that accuses Democratic Presidential candidate John Kerry of lying about his Vietnam War record.	0 1
1	BRAWL TOGETHER NOW  ST. LOUIS - President Bush and Democrat John Kerry kept slugging it out on the campaign trail yesterday -fter a second debate that showed a more aggressive Bush dueling Kerry to a draw.	0 1
0	A Free Slaughter Festivity  Ariel Sharon #39;s massacre in the Gaza Strip is nominated for a dragging continuous phase. The reason is not because the short-range Al-Qassam rockets are thumping targets inside the Hebrew State and impeding 	4
0	Blair Says Britain Would Respond to Hostage Takers   BRIGHTON, England/DUBAI (Reuters) - Prime Minister Tony  Blair said on Wednesday Britain would respond to the captors of  hostage Kenneth Bigley in Iraq if they made contact with his  government.	3
0	Some Hold Out Hope for Intelligence Bill (AP)  AP - Unwilling to concede defeat, congressional leaders expressed hope Sunday that lawmakers could return next month to resolve a turf battle that has blocked passage of an overhaul of the nation's intelligence agencies. Much depends on whether President Bush is more active in bringing his own troops in line, they said.	0
1	Newborn Twins Named Yasser and Arafat  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip - When Safra Hassan went into labor Thursday, she told her husband she wanted to name their child Yasser after Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, who died hours earlier. 	2
1	Sources: Bush beefs up CIA chief #39;s power  In response to recommendations by the 9/11 panel, President Bush signed executive orders Friday that sources say strengthen the hand of the CIA director and create a national counterrorism center.	0
0	Bush, Kerry Shift Themes to Economy  ORLANDO, Fla. - President Bush and John Kerry, shifting away from the sharp debate over war and terrorism, return to bread-and-butter economic issues in campaign stops in two closely divided states...	0 1
1	Pat praying to differ with Prez on Iraq  In the weeks before the Iraq war began, President Bush waved off concerns about casualties by evangelist Pat Robertson and told the TV preacher there would not be any.	0
1	At UN, Bush defends decision to invade Iraq  President Bush went before a skeptical hall of world leaders Tuesday to mount a vigorous defense of the war in Iraq, telling the United Nations that the Iraqi people are 	0
1	Silver lining to liar, liar ads  WASHINGTON - I may be the only person tuned in to the presidential race who isnt outraged by the competing TV commercials that are making scurrilous accusations about President Bush and John Kerry.	0 1
1	Arafat #39;s Final Trip  CLAMART, France (CBS) The body of long-time Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat began its journey home Thursday, as his people mourned his death at the age of 75.	2
0	New Bush Ad Criticizes Kerry on Taxes (AP)  AP - President Bush's campaign criticizes rival John Kerry's record on taxes  #151; and questions the Democrat's character  #151; in a new campaign ad that says "there's what Kerry says and then there's what Kerry does."	0 1
1	Bush Says World Watching Ukraine Carefully  President Bush said on Friday he hoped the crisis over the Ukrainian elections will be resolved and said the international community was watching closely.	0
0	Experts: Doctors May Have Arafat Diagnosis (AP)  AP - Zoning in on a diagnosis for ailing Yasser Arafat should be a fairly straightforward task, medical experts say.	2
0	Chirac, Blair Say Relations Not Strained  French President Jacques Chirac and British Prime Minister Tony Blair maintained Thursday that relations between their countries were not strained by their disagreements over the Iraq war, as evidenced by their cooperation on a number of international 	3
1	British hostage begs Blair for help  British hostage Kenneth Bigley has been shown on video pleading for Tony Blair #39;s help, a sobering reminder of the grim reality for at least 18 foreign captives still held by Iraqi militants.	3
0	Bush: Terrorists May Plan More Attacks  WASHINGTON - Standing beside Iraq's interim leader, President Bush contended Thursday that insurgents could "plot and plan attacks elsewhere, in America and other free nations," if the United States pulled out. He said his top commander there has not asked for more troops but if he did, "I'd listen to him."   After meeting with interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi, Bush said he expects violence in Iraq to escalate as the country moves toward elections scheduled for January...	0
0	Britain's Blair Looks to Poll After Iraq Apology   BRIGHTON, England (Reuters) - Britain's Labour Party  leaders are to try to shift the focus from Iraq to domestic  policy on Wednesday, after Tony Blair offered a partial apology  for the war.	3
1	Arafat undergoes more medical tests; condition remains serious  Yasser Arafat remained in dire condition yesterday after undergoing more medical tests, a senior aide to Arafat said yesterday. Test results were expected within days.	2
0	Kerry Warns Draft Possible if Bush Wins  WASHINGTON - John Kerry said Friday there is a "great potential" for a new military draft to replace overextended U.S. troops in Iraq if President Bush wins a second term, despite Bush's repeated pledges to maintain the all-volunteer service...	0 1
0	Bush, Kerry Campaign in West Before Debate  SANTA FE, N.M. - Bracing for their final debate, John Kerry accused President Bush of favoring "friends in the oil industry" over consumers strapped with rising fuel bills on Monday while Bush said his challenger so misunderstood the war on terror that he thought it could be reduced to "a nuisance" akin to prostitution or illegal gambling...	0 1
1	Ailing Arafat to Fly to Paris Hospital  In this picture released by the Palestinian authority Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat holds hands with unidentified Tunisian, Jordaninan and Egyptian doctors at his compound In Ramallah in the West BankThursday Oct. 28, 2004.	2
0	Bush Signals Softer Approach to U.N.  KENNEBUNKPORT, Maine - President Bush opens a new effort next week to focus attention on the compassionate side of his foreign policy, promising a vision for "building a better world."   In his weekly radio address Saturday, Bush previewed the speech he's to deliver to the U.N. General Assembly in New York...	0
1	Kerry and Bush Tangle on Explosives, Character  Democratic Sen. John Kerry attacked President Bush #39;s  quot;shifting explanations quot; on missing explosives in Iraq on Thursday, but Bush said Kerry 	0 1
0	US rivals blitz Iowa battleground  US presidential rivals George W Bush and John Kerry will both campaign in Iowa, a key swing state, on Wednesday.	1
0	Sharon OKs Wall Move Closer to Israel (AP)  AP - The separation barrier in the West Bank will move closer to Israel in one area to minimize hardship to Palestinians, leaving three small Jewish settlements on the Palestinian side, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon decided Wednesday.	4
1	No poisons found in Arafat #39;s body, says nephew  Eleven days after Yasser Arafat #39;s death, a Palestinian official has said that the 75-year-old #39;s body contained no trace of poison, but declined to categorically rule out that he had been poisoned.	2
0	UK's Blair Loses Key Minister Ahead of Election (Reuters)  Reuters - Top British government minister David Blunkett resigned on Wednesday over a charge of abuse of office, ripping a hole in Prime Minister Tony Blair's government months before an expected general election.	3
1	UN paying attention to Arafat #39;s health: spokesman  The United Nations is closely following the situation in the West Bank city of Ramallah, where Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is reportedly ill, a UN spokesman said Thursday.	2
0	Blair confident of Iraq victory  Tony Blair says Iraq is the "crucible in which the future of global terrorism will be determined".	3
3	Bush-Kerry Surrogates Debate Trade Policies  At a "Bush-Kerry trade debate" Wednesday stand-ins for President Bush and Democratic challenger Sen. John F. Kerry outlined the candidates' differences on such issues as outsourcing and free trade.	0
0	Nasty rhetoric intensifies 50 days ahead of US presidential vote (AFP)  AFP - Fifty days out from the US presidential election, the rhetoric is becoming nastier between George W. Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry, as the US president's lead appears to be solidifying.	0 1
0	Blair Won't Apologize Over Iraq  LONDON - Prime Minister Tony Blair vigorously denied on Wednesday that he misrepresented intelligence about Iraqi weapons before the war, rejecting growing demands for an apology from opponents in Parliament who accuse him of misleading the country.    Blair again accepted that British intelligence pointing to stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons was flawed, but he insisted he had been right to back the U.S.-led invasion...	3
1	Attacks on Kerry ugly but expected  The battle of the swift boat captains has become such a defining issue of the 2004 presidential campaign that history books are almost certain to give treatment to it in describing this year #39;s election.	1
1	Bush, Kerry Offer Different Approaches to Foreign Policy  This year #39;s US presidential campaign has revealed some sharp foreign policy differences between President George Bush and Democratic Party challenger Senator John Kerry.	1
2	Heisman profile: Bush stars coming off the bench  He doesn #39;t start for No. 1 Southern California, and ranks second on the team in rushing and receiving. He #39;s a sophomore, and the previous winners have all been juniors or seniors.	0
1	Bush calls Kerry the worst kind of Monday morning quarterback  DUBUQUE, Iowa President Bush says John Kerry has participated in  quot;the worst kind of Monday morning quarterbacking quot; when it comes to issues affecting Americans #39; security.	0 1
0	Israel Locks Down Palestinians  JERUSALEM Sept. 10, 2004 - Settler leaders accused Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on Friday of bringing the country to the brink of civil war with his plans to evacuate Jewish settlements.	4
0	Bush: Democrats Make 'Pathetic' Attacks (AP)  AP - President Bush chided Sen. John Kerry and fellow Democrats on Monday for asserting that Republicans will undermine Social Security, calling the strategy "the most tired, pathetic way to campaign for the presidency."	0 1
1	Blair told Bush he  #39;would not budge #39; in support for war  Leaked documents show a gulf between public statements on Iraq and private talks with the White House. Francis Elliott reports. Tony Blair privately promised George Bush he would not budge in his support for 	3
1	Arafat #39;s death  quot;significant moment quot; in Palestinian history quot;: Bush  WASHINGTON : US President George W Bush said that the death of Yasser Arafat, announced early Thursday, was a  quot;significant moment quot; in the history of the Palestinian people and he hoped the future would bring peace.	2
0	China blasts arrogant Bush ahead of US election  Get INQ7 breaking news on your Smart mobile phone in the Philippines. Send INQ7 BREAKING to 386. BEIJING, China -- China criticized US President George W. Bush #39;s war on Iraq Monday, accusing an  quot;arrogant quot; United 	0
1	Arafat to Be Moved to Ramallah Hospital  Two Palestinian women weep outside Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s headquarters in the West Bank town of Ramallah, Thursday Oct. 28, 2004.	2
0	Kerry Takes Job Creation Message to N.C.  CHARLOTTE, N.C. - Democratic presidential hopeful John Kerry came to the heart of a conservative state hit hard by job losses over the past four years to tout his plan for curbing the export of jobs by cutting corporate taxes and enforcing trade agreements...	1
3	Lobbyists Line Up on Overtime Pay  Both business and labor lobbyists plan to keep up fight over Bush administration's eligibility rules for overtime pay, despite doubt that legislation can pass this year.	0
0	Iraq Explosives Become Issue in Campaign  The White House sought to explain the missing explosives in Iraq; John Kerry said the president had put U.S. troops at risk.	1
1	Gaza clash tests withdrawal plan  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon says he intends to withdraw from Gaza, but on the ground, Israeli occupation of the crowded coastal enclave is expanding and intensifying.	4
0	Bush Assails Democrats' Position on Iraq  CLEVELAND - President Bush picked up Wednesday where Dick Cheney left off in the vice presidential debate, assailing the Democratic ticket's position on the Iraq war, the economy and taxes. Democratic vice presidential candidate John Edwards was poised to answer the criticism in the battleground state of Florida...	0
0	Kerik Withdraws His Name for Top DHS Job (AP)  AP - Bernard Kerik, New York City's former top cop, withdrew his name from consideration to be President Bush's homeland security secretary, a victim of the embarrassing "nanny problem" that has killed the nominations of other prominent officials.	0
1	Volatile numbers push states to front of race  John Kerry campaigns here this morning. President Bush had his turn Saturday, while Kerry running mate John Edwards was in Daytona Beach.	0 1
0	Bush warns Iran, Syria against  #39;meddling #39; in Iraq  LONDON, Dec 16 (IranMania) - US President George W Bush warned Iran and Syria Wednesday against  quot;meddling quot; in Iraq, even as US military officials said those countries #39; post-Saddam Hussein influence is hard to evaluate.	0
0	Russian FM Lavrov, in Israel, calls for anti-terror coalition  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov independently called for an international anti-terrorist alliance yesterday, as Lavrov arrived on a scheduled visit to Israel.	4
0	Nephew faults Israel in Arafat's death  PARIS -- Newly armed with Yasser Arafat's medical dossier, his nephew pinned blame on Israel for the late Palestinian leader's death and refused yesterday to squelch rumors of poisoning -- although he acknowledged that doctors found no known poisons.	2
0	Arafat to Set Date for Elections in Dec. (AP)  AP - Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat said Saturday he will set a date for general elections immediately after a round of municipal elections in Palestinian areas in December.	2
0	Bush Recants, Says Terror War Will Be Won  NASHVILLE, Tenn. - President Bush said repeatedly on Tuesday that the United States will win its war against terrorism, trying to contain political damage from the doubt he expressed a day earlier...	0
1	President John Kerry - The world choice as US leader!  A recent opinion poll carried out in 35 countries has shown that a majority (30 countries) would prefer to see John Kerry as the next President.	1
0	How Would They End the War?  President Bush and John Kerry have said little more than that each will end the war the right way and his opponent will not.	0 1
0	Palestinian officials say Arafat #39;s condition is curable, stable  PARIS, Oct 31 (AFP) - Ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s condition is curable and stable, officials said Sunday as French doctors tried to determine whether he is fit to stay on as Palestinian Authority president.	2
0	Blair told to double overseas aid  Tony Blair is being urged to use all his negotiating powers to end poor countries #39; debt and double aid. Some 45m children will die needlessly before 2015 and aid budgets are half their 1960 levels, charity Oxfam says in a new report, Paying the Price.	3
2	Democratic faithful see omens pointing to Kerry win  A lunar eclipse. A World Series victory after 86 years for the Boston Red Sox. For the Democratic faithful, it was an unmistakable omen: Senator John Kerry, locked for weeks in a dead heat with US President George W. Bush, now had the stars on his side.	0 1
1	Bush Nominates Kellogg CEO to Commerce  President Bush nominated Kellogg CEO Carlos Gutierrez on Monday as his next commerce secretary. If confirmed by the Senate, the Cuban-born Gutierrez, 51, will replace Don Evans, one 	0
1	The Campaign So Far  resident Bush #39;s United Nations address and John Kerry #39;s foreign policy speech in New York were the two big campaign moments of the week, and it #39;s a relief to see both the candidates and the electorate focusing on the major issues.	1
1	Harvard #39;s Feldstein Backs Bush Economic Policies  President Bush #39;s plans to set his tax cuts in stone and to launch Social Security private investment accounts are sound ones, a Harvard University professor seen as a potential successor to Fed chief Alan Greenspan said on Wednesday 	0
0	Candidates Use Arms Report To Make Case  The latest report on Iraq's prewar weapons capacity produced a fiery exchange between President Bush and John F. Kerry on Thursday, with Bush asserting the report showed that Saddam Hussein was a danger even in the absence of weapons of mass destruction and Kerry charging that Bush had inflated the threat and was blind to evidence proving the war was a mistake.	0 1
1	Rivals Draw New Material From Second Debate  John F. Kerry repeatedly questioned President Bush #39;s maturity and temperament Saturday as the rivals tried to capitalized on their second debate, while 	0
0	Israel Strikes as Sharon Boosts Settlements  An unusual Israeli attack next to a house in Gaza City killed five people, witnesses and hospital officials said, just hours before Prime Minister Ariel Sharon faced a crucial party test linked to his plan to pull Israeli forces and settlers out of Gaza. 	4
0	Israel OKs Compensation for Gaza Settlers (AP)  AP - The Israeli Cabinet on Sunday approved legislation to pay compensation to settlers uprooted by Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's Gaza withdrawal plan.	4
0	Heinz Kerry Says Husband Would Be Cautious (AP)  AP - The wife of presidential candidate John Kerry told a receptive audience in the Rio Grande Valley of Texas that Kerry would seek out all other options before going to war.	1
0	In  quot;year of opportunity, quot; Sharon offers state to Palestinians  HERZLIYA, Israel An adviser to Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon says a final vote on his planned pullout from Gaza and four West Bank communities could take place months sooner.	4
1	ARAFAT OUT OF DANGER: OFFICIALS  The head of the Palestinian president #39;s office, Tayeb Abdelrahim, says leader Yasser Arafat isn #39;t in a coma and his life is not in danger.	2
0	Pragmatism at heart of Peres's efforts toward peace  JERUSALEM -- From the podium of the Israeli Knesset last week, Shimon Peres, the engineer of the Oslo peace process and leader of the parliamentary opposition, lambasted Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's speech on the state of the nation. Minutes later, in a nearby conference room, he urged his Labor party colleagues not to vote against Sharon's program so as not ...	4
0	Middle East ; Gaza official escapes bomb blast  Middle East News, A controversial Palestinian security official related to Yasser Arafat has escaped an apparent car bomb attack in Gaza City without injury.	2
0	Protesters Denounce APEC Summit in Chile  Thousands of protesters marched peacefully through downtown Santiago on Friday, expressing anger at a weekend summit of Pacific Rim leaders, particularly President Bush. But violence later erupted at a rock concert.	0
0	Reports Fuel Doubts on CBS Bush Story  NEW YORK - Two experts hired by CBS News to examine records of President Bush's Vietnam-era service in the Texas Air National Guard told ABC on Tuesday that they could not vouch for the documents' veracity.    Meanwhile, a former secretary in the guard said she believed the documents CBS used were fake, although they accurately reflected the thoughts of one of Bush's commanders...	0
0	Israel #39;s Likud faces major vote after controversial settlement decision  JERUSALEM : Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Likud party votes on Sharon #39;s intention to bring the opposition Labour party into government, the day after he gave the green light to the construction of 1,000 new homes in Jewish settlements in the West ...	4
0	Sharon asks for global alliance to fight terror  JERUSALEM Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel, speaking on the eve of a visit by the Russian foreign minister, called Sunday for an international anti-terrorist alliance after the deadly seizure of a Russian school by militants.	4
1	Dan Rather's Future a Complicated Question (AP)  AP - In Kansas City, Mo., it's Kirk Black's job to answer for Dan Rather. The station manager of KCTV, like his colleagues at many other CBS affiliates, is facing a flood of calls and e-mails from viewers angry at Dan Rather for relying on apparently fake documents to suggest President Bush's National Guard service record was less than stellar.	0
1	Israeli Labour  amp; Sharon in coalition talks  Coalition peace talks have begun between Israel #39;s opposition Labour party and the Prime Minister, Ariel Sharon. Labour leader Shimon Peres said that his party want a guarantee that the government fulfils its 	4
3	Investors content to stay the course  Investors cheered President George W. Bush #39;s re-election yesterday, but analysts caution that when the cheering stops, investors might refocus on real problems that could still hold back the economy and stocks.	0
0	Defiant Blair fights for third term  BRIGHTON (England) - Prime Minister Tony Blair on Tuesday defended the war in Iraq, insisting he could not apologise for toppling Saddam Hussein, and urged his party to unite and fight for a historic third term in power.	3
0	PLO tries to calm chaos as Arafat #39;s era ends  A feeble and tremulous Yasser Arafat arrived in Paris yesterday for treatment for a serious disease that seems certain to put an end to his long leadership of the Palestinian people.	2
1	UK Can #39;t Hold Terror Suspects Indefinitely  British Prime Minister Tony Blair, left, takes the arm of Home Secretary David Blunkett, with his seeing eye dog, Sadie, in Sheffield, England, in this Thursday, Dec. 9 2004, file photo.	3
1	German Press Review: Sharon #39;s Goals  Many German papers on Wednesday commented on Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plans to evacuate Jewish settlers from the Gaza Strip.	4
1	Physicians in France checking Arafat for leukemia, Palestinian <b>...</b>  Leukemia specialists examined ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat at a French military hospital to determine whether he suffers from the blood cancer, Palestinian officials said Saturday.	2
1	Editorial : Arafat and Palestine  PALESTINIAN leader Yasser Arafat exited the world stage the same way he entered it more than three decades ago: as a deeply divisive symbol of the Palestinian cause.	2
1	Rumsfeld agrees to stay on the job  Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld is staying on the job for President Bush #39;s second term. A senior administration official says the president asked Rumsfeld to stay on at the Pentagon and the secretary agreed.	0
0	Bush Uses Radio Address to Pan Kerry  WASHINGTON - President Bush used his weekly radio address as a campaign tool Saturday, mentioning his unnamed "opponent" five times to plead the case that he, not Democrat John Kerry, has a better slate of domestic policy ideas.    Bush credited his tax cuts for stimulating the economy and said Kerry voted in the Senate to raise taxes...	0 1
0	Sharon Criticizes Hard-Liners in Israel  JERUSALEM - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon criticized Israeli hard-liners Sunday, warning that heated rhetoric against his plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip could lead to civil war.    Sharon issued the warning hours before opponents of the Gaza pullout planned to stage a mass demonstration in Jerusalem...	4
0	Key events in Yasser Arafat #39;s life  * Aug. 4, 1929: Born in Cairo, Egypt, fifth child of Palestinian merchant Abdel Raouf al-Qudwa al-Husseini. * Jan. 1, 1965: Forms Fatah guerrilla movement, which would become the core group of the Palestine 	2
1	Bush victory makes it more likely Rehnquist will step aside  President Bush #39;s re-election makes it more likely Chief Justice William Rehnquist will retire soon. And Republican gains in the Senate mean the president has more flexibility to nominate 	0
1	Bush Aides, in Shift, Say Oil a Drag on Economy  President Bush #39;s economic advisers warned on) Sunday that high energy prices have become a drag on the US economy and not a threat to growth, chipping 	0
0	Palestinian official targeted  JERUSALEM -- A top Palestinian security leader who is a relative of Yasser Arafat escaped injury yesterday when a booby-trapped car exploded near his convoy in Gaza City, security officials said.	2
1	Leader lies in deep coma between life and death #39;  PARISPalestinian leader Yasser Arafat lies in a deep coma  quot;between life and death, quot; says the Palestinian envoy to France.	2
1	Clinton due in Broward to campaign for Kerry  WASHINGTON  Former President Clinton, just six weeks removed from quadruple bypass heart surgery, will campaign for Sen. John Kerry in Broward County on Tuesday.	1
0	Bush and Kerry Differ on State of Economy  CLEVELAND - Good news, or bad? President Bush and Democrat John Kerry have differing takes about the vitality of the nation's job market - a question that's heating up this year's race for the White House.    Bush, who is campaigning Saturday in Ohio - a pivotal state that has lost tens of thousands of manufacturing jobs, says a new U.S...	0 1
1	Spying: Time to Think Outside the Box  President Bush, the son of a former CIA director, has embraced a short-term fix for the CIA that -- surprise! -- gives the CIA director more power.	0
3	Big business pushing security agenda  For Paul Martin, George W. Bush #39;s official visit to Ottawa this week after taking control of the White House for another four years, not only signals a new era in Canada-US relations.	0
0	AP Poll: Kerry Holds Small Lead Over Bush (AP)  AP - Sen. John Kerry holds a slim lead over President Bush, according to an Associated Press poll that shows the Democrat gaining ground while Bush lost support on personal qualities, the war in Iraq and national security.	0 1
3	OPEC to monitor impact of US election on oil prices  JAKARTA: OPEC president Purnomo Yusgiantoro said Thursday the cartel would monitor any impact from the re-election of US President George W. Bush on oil prices.	0
0	Ariel Sharon Calls for Expansion of Army #39;s Gaza Raid  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Saturday that Israel should expand its massive raid of northern Gaza, the army #39;s biggest and deadliest offensive in more than four years of conflict with the Palestinians.	4
3	President OKs overhaul of corporate tax law  President Bush yesterday signed into law the most sweeping changes to the corporate tax code in nearly two decades. The bill creates roughly  $140 billion in tax cuts for businesses and 	0
1	Excerpts from the presidential campaign trail  Excerpts of remarks Wednesday by President Bush in Mason City, Iowa, and Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry in Waterloo, Iowa, as transcribed by e-Media Millworks Inc.	0 1
0	Arafat #39;s Medical Records Rule Out Poisoning  PARIS - Yasser Arafat #39;s (search) medical records show no sign that he was poisoned but are inconclusive, his nephew said Monday.	2
1	Free For All  In the Sept. 9 Ad Watch feature, Howard Kurtz wrote this about a John Kerry advertisement criticizing President Bush #39;s handling of the Iraq war.	0 1
1	Palestinian Doctors: Arafat Going to Paris  RAMALLAH, West Bank - Palestinian officials prepared to move the ailing Yasser Arafat (search) out of his sandbagged headquarters to a hospital in Paris Thursday as associates described a Palestinian leader who was too weak to stand, appeared confused 	2
1	Hamas agrees to avoid infighting  Ahmed Qureia, the Palestinian prime minister, has appealed to all political and military factions to avoid violence while Yasser Arafat lies critically ill in a French military hospital - and after he dies.	2
1	Bush, Kerry Seem Bound for a Photo Finish as Voting Begins  State by state and poll by poll, surveys of US voters suggest today #39;s election between President George W. Bush and Senator John Kerry will be a repeat of 2000, one of the closest in US history.	0 1
1	Israel strikes before Gaza vote  ISRAEL killed two Islamic Jihad militants in the Gaza Strip yesterday as Ariel Sharon and his cabinet finalised a bill to withdraw from Gaza.	4
1	Blair leaves hospital after heart operation  LONDON : British Prime Minister Tony Blair left hospital for home after undergoing surgery to correct an irregular heart beat, according to live television reports from the scene.	3
1	Joy in Italy, Caution in France on Iraq Hostages  British hostage Kenneth Bigley appeared in a video tape aired on Wednesday, pleading with Prime Minister Tony Blair to meet the demands of his captors in Iraq to release Iraqi women prisoners.	3
0	Asia ; Abu Bakar Bashir blames Howard, Bush  Arriving at court amid shouts of God is great from dozens of supporters, Bashir maintained his innocence and accused President Bush and Australian Prime Minister John Howard of playing a hand in his trial.	0
1	PA: It #39;s  #39;peculiar #39; Israel didn #39;t inform us of Sinai warnings  Palestinian Authority Chairman Yasser Arafat on Monday hinted that Israel was behind the suicide attacks in Sinai and said the PA was holding contacts with the Egyptian government on the issue.	2
0	Central New York an armed fortress for Republican convention (AFP)  AFP - New York authorities are turning central Manhattan into an armed security fortress for the four-day Republican National Convention that opens next Monday to nominate President George W. Bush for a second four-year term.	0
0	Abbas survives shootout in Gaza  INTERIM Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas escaped unharmed when militants opened fire in a tent in Gaza City where he was greeting mourners at a ceremony for Yasser Arafat yesterday.	2
0	Arafat Stable, Militants Seek More Powers  Yasser Arafat is in a stable condition and not in a coma, an aide said on Sunday, while militants pressed for decision-making powers in a unified Palestinian leadership if the president dies.	2
0	The man who forged Palestinian identity  Arafat #39;s funeral is to be held Friday in Cairo. He will be buried at his West Bank headquarters on Saturday. By Ben Lynfield  Correspondent of The Christian Science Monitor.	2
1	Bush Sees an  #39;Opening for Peace #39; in Mideast if Arafat Dies  President Bush yesterday signaled deeper US engagement in Middle East peace efforts, saying he sees an  quot;opening for peace quot; now that Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is near death.	0 2
1	Clinton Says Arafat Missed the Chance for Peace  Former US President Bill Clinton on Thursday offered condolences to Palestinians after the death of Yasser Arafat but said their leader had missed the opportunity to create lasting Middle East peace in 2000.	2
1	Bush says N. Korea #39;s neighbors uniting against nuclear weapons  (Santiago, Chile-AP) Nov. 20, 2004 - President Bush says North Korea #39;s neighbors are united in sending a blunt message to the man who rules it,  quot;Get rid of your nuclear weapons programs.	0
0	U.S. Congratulates Howard on Re-Election (AP)  AP - The United States congratulated Australian Prime Minister John Howard for winning his fourth term in Australia's federal election Saturday. President Bush called it a great victory.	0
1	Cheney Blunder Lauded Anti-Bush Web Site  Vice President Dick Cheney probably did not intend to direct millions of television viewers to a Web site calling for President Bush #39;s defeat but that #39;s what a slip of the domain achieved.	0
1	Democrats call negative ads  #39;disgraceful #39;  WASHINGTON - A bitter US election fight over TV ads that claim Democrat John Kerry lied about his Vietnam valour boiled over today with loyal veterans demanding President George W. Bush stop an illegal  quot;slime machine.	0 1
0	Bush, Kerry Clash on State of Economy  AKRON, Ohio - President Bush and John Kerry battled over the economy and jobs in a small corner of the campaign's most fiercely contested state Saturday as polls showed a post-convention surge for the Republican in the White House.   "They promised to create 6 million jobs, and guess what? They're about 7 million short," said Kerry, who also criticized the administration's new 17 percent increase in Medicare premiums...	0 1
0	Palestinians ask Israel to withdraw before election  Palestinian officials are urging Israel to curb military operations as they begin to register candidates to run in an election to replace Yasser Arafat as Palestinian Authority president.	2
1	Jet was to pick up Bush Sr.  HOUSTON -- A private jet coming in to Houston to pick up former president George HW Bush clipped yesterday as it approached the airport in thick fog, killing all three people aboard.	0
0	Bush and Kerry battle over science  The US presidential candidates address major scientific questions put to them by the journal Nature.	0 1
1	Tunisian doctors perform medical check up for Arafat  A Tunisian medical team on Saturday arrived in the West Bank to examine Palestinian president Yasser Arafat, who has been suffering from the flu.	2
0	President Bush Campaigns in Wisconsin (AP)  AP - President Bush warms up for his second campaign debate in battleground Wisconsin, where he will get another chance to practice new charges that Democrat John Kerry is unfit to lead the nation.	0
0	Amid unrest, Iraq president says vote delay would aid  quot;forces of <b>...</b>  BAGHDAD : Iraq #39;s interim President Ghazi al-Yawar, ahead of a meeting with US President George W. Bush, rejected any delay to January 30 polls, saying postponement would hand victory to the  quot;forces of darkness quot;.	0
0	Arafat Opens Eyes, Communicating - Israeli Report (Reuters)  Reuters - Palestinian President Yasser Arafat has partially emerged from his coma in a French hospital, opening his eyes and communicating with his doctors, an Israeli newspaper Web site said Saturday citing Palestinian sources.	2
0	Sharon: Israel Will Expand Gaza Offensive  JEBALIYA REFUGEE CAMP, Gaza Strip - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon vowed Sunday to expand Israel's deadliest offensive in Gaza in four years and to stay as long as needed to stop Palestinian rocket attacks, as the campaign continued, with Israeli aircraft blasting Palestinian militants.    An Israeli aircraft struck a group of Palestinian militants in Gaza City, killing two, just moments after they fired a rocket at Israel from the back of a donkey cart...	4
1	Straw holds talks in West Bank  British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw has pledged support for the smooth running of elections to replace Yasser Arafat as he laid a wreath on the tomb of the late Palestinian leader.	2
1	Bush calls for unity  President Bush pledged progress on terrorism, taxes, and Social Security as a record popular vote tally in a closely divided election propelled him to a second term in the White House.	0
1	Euthanasia contrary to Islamic beliefs: official  Head of religious courts in the Palestinian territories Sheikh Taiseer al Tamimi said on Wednesday that removing the life support machine off Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat was contrary to the Islamic beliefs.	2
1	Bush, Kerry pull no punches in their last debate  WASHINGTON - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry clashed sharply and frequently Wednesday night over jobs, health care, tax cuts and the ability to keep America safe as the two candidates squared off in their third and final debate.	0 1
1	Kerry Has One-Point Lead Over Bush - Reuters Poll  Democratic Sen. John Kerry moved into a one-point lead over President Bush three days before the presidential election, according to a Reuters/Zogby poll released on Saturday.	0 1
0	U.S.: Hostage Tried to Escape Execution  BAGHDAD, Iraq - Kidnappers beheaded British hostage Kenneth Bigley after twice releasing videos in which he wept and pleaded with Prime Minister Tony Blair for his life. A U.S...	3
0	Tony Blair To Undergo Surgery  British Prime Minister Tony Blair said he would undergo a routine operation Friday to correct an irregular heartbeat. Blair announced the plans for the medical procedure Thursday night, just hours after 	3
0	26 Killed in Iraq Attacks, Bush Insists on Election Date  BAGHDAD, December 3 (IslamOnline.net  amp; News Agencies) - Twenty six people were killed in two separate attacks against police stations in Baghdad Friday, December 3, as US President George W. Bush insisted that elections in the war-scarred country would 	0
0	Bomb found near Berlusconi villa  Italy police defuse a  bomb  near Silvio Berlusconi's holiday villa, hours after a visit by the UK's Tony Blair.	3
1	Soldier, 4 Militants Die in Renewed Gaza Fighting  Four Palestinian militants and an Israeli soldier were killed Tuesday in the heaviest Gaza fighting since Yasser Arafat #39;s death, raising the prospect that renewed violence could complicate a vote for his successor.	2
1	Ohio Papers Getting Nowhere on Vote Fraud Allegations (Editor and Publisher)  Editor and Publisher - NEW YORK Those who believe that something's rotten in the state of Ohio, that it mishandled the Nov. 2 election, shouldn't hold their breath waiting for a revelation from the state's major papers that might call into question President Bush's victory.	0
0	Bush presses intelligence reform  US President George W Bush urges politicians to stop stalling and back a law to overhaul intelligence.	0
0	Candidates Portray Themselves as Champions of Middle Class  President Bush and Senator John Kerry campaigned today in Wisconsin, yet another of those crucial swing states.	0 1
1	Chirac uses state visit to warn Britain of modern imperialism  Jacques Chirac warned George Bush and Tony Blair yesterday that their plans to spread democracy around the world must not turn into a modern-day colonialism based on America #39;s military might.	3
0	After Arafat, hope - and a job for Europe  BERLIN I never met Yasser Arafat, because I never wanted to meet him. Despite several invitations, I have always preferred to spend my time in places where people exchange ideas that go beyond ideology, where 	2
0	Palestine  amp; Israel Where to go once Yasser Arafat is gone?  For the moment all parties are very much concerned about the changes of Arafat #39;s illness and are now getting prepared for the affairs of the post-Arafat times.	2
0	Iraq Dogs Blair as Party Conference Starts   BRIGHTON, England (Reuters) - Iraq overshadowed the start  of Tony Blair's Labour Party conference on Sunday despite the  prime minister's efforts to turn attention to the domestic  agenda ahead of a general election expected next year.	3
0	Debates Over, Campaigns Turn to Turnout (AP)  AP - With the televised debates behind them, President Bush and Sen. John Kerry have little opportunity to shape further the presidential race except by waging an intense effort in the home stretch aimed at getting out the vote.	0 1
0	Palestinians, Israelis meet to plan for Arafat #39;s absence  Senior Palestinian and Israeli leaders held separate meetings Sunday to plan a path forward in the absence of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, who was being examined in a French hospital for an unknown ailment.	2
0	Jenna Bush Plans to Teach in Washington (AP)  AP - President Bush's daughter Jenna plans to live in the District of Columbia and teach at a public school serving low-income children.	0
0	Dubya UN-deterred  A stern President Bush told the UN yesterday that his policies on Iraq are good for world peace, and scornfully attacked John Kerry for criticizing the war.	0 1
0	Bush capitalizing on Sudan crisis  The ranking Sudanese diplomat in Canada yesterday accused US President George W. Bush of trying to buy votes from African-Americans to support his re-election bid by branding the crisis in Sudan #39;s Darfur region a genocide.	0
0	Blair: Middle East Conflict is Top Priority  The British Prime Minister Tony Blair has said that peace in the Middle East is the most important political issue in the world today.	3
0	Israeli cabinet to decide on Sharon plan  Israel #39;s cabinet will today decide on a bill that would set out how to implement prime minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to withdraw Israeli settlers from the Gaza Strip.	4
0	Israel Hints Ousting Arafat Delayed by Gaza Pullout  Israel renewed its threat on Monday to remove Yasser Arafat but hinted it had delayed taking action against the Palestinian president to avoid complicating a planned withdrawal from the Gaza Strip.	2
1	Bush to renew bid for intelligence reform  President George W. Bush and GOP congressional leaders are preparing another bid in December to overcome conservative Republican opposition and pass an intelligence community overhaul designed as a response to the Sept.	0
0	World Leaders Come to Terms with Bush Win  A divided world came to terms on Wednesday with the prospect of four more years of President Bush, with friends hailing his re-election and critics vowing to make the best of it, especially in Iraq.	0
1	Bush: Time to deal with Social Security  WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) - President Bush on Thursday said modifying the Social Security system to allow younger workers to put some of their payroll taxes into private accounts will shore up the key entitlement program.	0
1	WASHINGTON TODAY: If Bush gets a second honeymoon from Congress <b>...</b>  If President Bush gets a second-term honeymoon, it may not last long. Or it may already be over. A failure in the coming days to win congressional passage of the intelligence reorganization bill he supports 	0
1	Arafat lapses into coma  Yasser Arafat remained alive but in grave condition in the intensive care unit at a military hospital here, French officials said Thursday amid increasing confusion and unconfirmed 	2
0	International Poll Summary Box (AP)  AP - POLL PURPOSE: AP-Iposos polling in the United States and seven foreign countries sought to gauge President Bush's popularity, and in the case of the other nations, the popularity of Americans.	0
1	Edwards #39; wife has breast cancer  The wife of John Kerry #39;s presidential running mate John Edwards has been diagnosed with cancer. Elizabeth Edwards learned she has breast cancer on the same day her husband and Mr Kerry conceded the race for the White House.	1
1	Bush Calls Out Wolves on Kerry  WILKES-BARRE, Pennsylvania (MASNET  amp; News Agencies) - President George W. Bush derided his rival John Kerry as clueless in the fight against terror and drove the point home in a powerful commercial featuring a pack of wolves ready to pounce.	0 1
0	Bush Mum on Pakistan #39;s Bin Laden Efforts  President Bush, right, greets Pakistani President Gen. Pervez Musharraf, left, during their meeting in the Oval Office of the White House, Saturday, Dec. 4, 2004, in Washington.	0
0	Arafat #39;s brother, French FM agree: medical truth will harm <b>...</b>  By israelinsider staff November 21, 2004. The family of late Palestinian president Yasser Arafat had initially decided to postpone demanding from the French authorities his medical records and disclosure of 	2
0	Bush Announces Plan for Troop Realignment  WASHINGTON - President Bush's plan to restructure U.S. military forces abroad includes bringing two Army divisions home from Cold War-era bases in Germany, and increasing the U.S...	0
0	Statements by CBS News President, Rather (AP)  AP - Statement by CBS News President Andrew Heyward and Dan Rather about the authenticity of documents used to support a "60 Minutes" story that questioned President Bush's Vietnam War-era National Guard service:	0
0	Arab world #39;s reaction to Bush #39;s reelection  Leaders in the Arab world have congratulated incumbent US President George W. Bush on his re-election. Arab League chief Amr Moussa hopes Bush will actively push forward the 	0
0	Europe Seeks Unity on New Bush Term  As European leaders came together on Friday for the first time since the American elections, Britain #39;s prime minister, Tony Blair, urged them to adjust to the  quot;reality 	3
1	Arafat #39;s potential replacement caught in gunfire  The leading contender to replace Yasser Arafat was caught in a chaotic gun battle in the Gaza Strip yesterday, foreshadowing the dangers ahead as Palestinian officials urgently 	2
1	Sources: Colin Powell resigns  US Secretary of State Colin Powell has submitted his resignation to President Bush, a senior administration official told CNN. Powell told his senior staff that he planned to stay on until 	0
0	Arafat's Wife Lashes Out at Palestinian Leaders   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat's wife said  in an emotional television interview on Monday that a planned  visit by Palestinian leaders to her husband in a Paris hospital  was aimed at "burying (him) alive."	2
0	Bush Condemns Beheading of U.S. Hostage (AP)  AP - President Bush on Tuesday condemned the beheading of American hostage Eugene Armstrong, telling interim Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi, "We will not allow these thugs and terrorists to decide your fate and decide my fate."	0
0	UK sympathetic to US request to shift troops  LONDON - Britain gave the strongest signal yet on Tuesday that it will agree to a United States request to move its troops in Iraq to support American military operations as pressure builds on Prime Minister Tony Blair to reject the overture.	3
0	Giving peace a chance?  M ahmoud Abbas may have done more for the Palestinian people in a few weeks than Yasser Arafat did in four decades -- or, at least, four years.	2
1	Bush: Validity of Ukraine Vote in Doubt  President Bush declared Friday that charges of voter fraud have cast doubt on the Ukrainian election, and warned that any European-negotiated pact on Iran #39;s nuclear program 	0
1	Bush-Kerry Debate Draws 62.5 Million U.S. Viewers   LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - At least 62.5 million Americans  tuned in to President Bush's debate with challenger Sen. John  Kerry on Thursday, far surpassing the number who watched either  political convention this summer or Bush's debates four years  ago with Al Gore.	0 1
1	Rival views of the government #39;s role  The one issue that most clearly demonstrates the ideological divide between John Kerry and George W. Bush, and the parties they represent, may well be healthcare.	0 1
0	Hawk Sightings Could Be Premature  It may be risky to race to the certainty that a second Bush administration will lead the United States into a series of confrontations with the world.	0
0	UN urged to reject cloning ban  UK scientists are calling for the UN to ignore a call by President Bush to ban all forms of cloning.	0
0	Israeli Coalition Crisis May Force Early Election   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's  shaky coalition Tuesday faced collapse in a row over the 2005  budget, raising the prospect of early elections that would  endanger his plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip.	4
3	Congress extends Bush tax cuts for middle class  Congress last night passed legislation extending some of President Bush #39;s most-popular middle-class tax cuts - giving Mr. Bush a win heading into the final campaign stretch before Election Day.	0
0	Meeting with Bush will strengthen ties:Manmohan  Air-India One: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said the fact that US President George W Bush was having a breakfast meeting with him in New York Tuesday despite his preoccupation with the US election campaign was indicative of the importance he attached to 	0
0	Martinez Takes Early Lead in Fla. Primary (AP)  AP - Mel Martinez, a former Bush administration housing secretary, had an early lead Tuesday in a hotly contested Senate primary that provided a crucial test of the touchscreen machines introduced after Florida's punch-card fiasco in the 2000 presidential election.	0
1	Some thoughts on the first Bush-Kerry debate  I #39;m not really surprised by John Kerry #39;s performance at this season #39;s first presidential debate on September 30. Former governor Bill Weld, who attempted to oust Kerry from his Senate 	1
3	Bush Says He Will Push For Strong Dollar  President Bush says he will work with Congress to lower US budget deficits as part of an effort to answer European concerns about the weak dollar.	0
1	Experts Welcome, But Doubt, Bush Climate Softening  Environmental experts Friday welcomed a hint of a softening in US skepticism about global warming but saw little chance President Bush might 	0
1	Some thoughts on the first Bush-Kerry debate  I #39;m not really surprised by John Kerry #39;s performance at this season #39;s first presidential debate on September 30. Former governor Bill Weld, who attempted to oust Kerry from his Senate 	1
1	Kerry accuses Bush of January surprise #39; #39; on Social Security  Massachusetts Sen. John Kerry accused President Bush on Sunday of planning a surprise second-term effort to privatize Social Security and forecast a  quot;disaster for America #39;s middle class.	0 1
0	Lawyer Advising Vets Quits Bush Campaign (AP)  AP - One of President Bush's top lawyers resigned from his campaign Wednesday, a day after disclosing that he had given legal advice to a veterans group airing TV ads against Democrat John Kerry. The guidance included checking ad scripts, the group said.	0
0	Kerry Warns Draft Possible if Bush Wins  WASHINGTON - John Kerry said Friday there is a "great potential" for a new military draft to replace overextended U.S. troops in Iraq if President Bush wins a second term, despite Bush's repeated pledges to maintain the all-volunteer service...	0 1
0	Kerry, Bush Start Debate Preparations (AP)  AP - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry, arriving Sunday at a remote resort to practice for this week's debate, took a swing at President Bush for pronouncing the Iraqi mission accomplished while the monthly death toll mounts.	0 1
1	Arafat may be near death; Palestinians, Israelis make preparations  With Yasser Arafat gravely ill in a French hospital, some of his powers were formally transferred to other Palestinian officials yesterday, as Israel readied plans to stem potential unrest in the event he dies.	2
0	Bush Calls McCain About Anti-Kerry Ads (AP)  AP - President Bush wants to work with Republican Sen. John McCain to pursue court action against political ads by "shadowy" outside groups, the White House said Thursday amid growing pressure on the president to denounce attacks on John Kerry's war record.	0 1
0	Edwards: Bush, Cheney Manipulate Facts (AP)  AP - Democratic Sen. John Edwards accused President Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney on Friday of manipulating facts and trying to frighten Americans in a desperate effort to win re-election.	0
1	Britain Shocked by Death of Iraq Hostage  Washington #39;s closest ally in Iraq was horrified by the beheading of a British hostage there and Prime Minister Tony Blair urged Britons not to let it undermine their support for continued involvement in the country.	3
0	Abbas Escapes Gunfire, Palestinians to Vote Jan. 9  Yasser Arafat #39;s interim successor escaped injury in a Gaza gunfight triggered by hostile militants on Sunday as Palestinian officials set Jan. 9 for elections to replace 	2
0	Iraq PM to address US Congress  Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi is to address a joint session of the US Congress as well as meeting President Bush.	0
1	POLL-Kerry Opens Three-Point Lead on Bush  Democratic challenger John Kerry expanded his slight lead over President Bush to three points in a tight race for the White House, according to a Reuters/Zogby poll released on Monday.	0 1
1	Presidential Candidate John Kerry Makes Visit In Florida  MIAMI -- Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry is returning to south Florida Sunday for a five-day campaign swing. Sen. Kerry spent Saturday night campaigning in Ohio, NBC 6 reported.	1
3	A few key players could change on policy team  As a reelected incumbent presiding over a growing economy, President Bush is under no pressure to appoint new faces to his economic team.	0
1	Bush: Attack in Saudi Arabia shows terrorists  #39;still on the move #39;  The United States temporarily closed its diplomatic offices in Saudi Arabia on Monday after gunmen blasted their way past armed guards at the US consulate in Jiddah.	0
0	The Arafat void  Even as a gravely ill Yasser Arafat receives medical aid in France, the Palestinian leader #39;s refusal to name a successor will mean further disruption to the Middle East when he does die.	2
0	Cheney: Weapons Report Justifies Iraq War (AP)  AP - Vice President Dick Cheney asserted on Thursday that a finding by the chief U.S. weapons inspector in Iraq that Saddam Hussein's government produced no weapons of mass destruction after 1991 justifies rather than undermines President Bush's decision to go to war.	0
0	Bush Assures 4 States of Hurricane Aid (AP)  AP - President Bush on Wednesday assured the governors of states in the path of Hurricane Ivan of federal aid to deal with damage from the storm.	0
0	Anti-Bush activists on the march  Opponents of President Bush take to the streets of New York for a protest march ahead of the Republican convention.	0
0	FATAH COUNCIL MEETS IN BID TO STOP BARGHOUTI  In a bid to put an end to the candidacy of jailed Tanzim terror group leader Marwan Barghouti the revolutionary council of the Palestinian Authoritys dominant Fatah faction endorsed PLO chairman Mahmoud Abbas to succeed Yasser Arafat on Thursday night 	2
0	Soldier, Militant Die in Resurgence of Gaza Fighting (Reuters)  Reuters - An Israeli soldier and a Palestinian militant were killed in Gaza on Tuesday in a resurgence of violence that could threaten efforts to instil calm for a Palestinian election for a successor to Yasser Arafat.	2
1	Bush must strengthen nuclear weapons treaty  WHEN ASKED during the campaign to identify the most serious threat to our nation #39;s security, President Bush was unequivocal: the proliferation of nuclear weapons and the possible use of these weapons by terrorists.	0
1	Blair issues list of demands on  quot;terrible quot; situation in Darfur  KHARTOUM, Oct 6 (AFP) -- British Prime Minister Tony Blair said here Wednesday he handed the Sudanese leadership a list of demands to deal with the  quot;terrible quot; situation in the war-torn western region of Darfur.	3
1	Who #39;s really ahead in race for White House?  George W. Bush has either established a commanding lead over John Kerry or he has lost most of the momentum generated by his party #39;s convention and fallen back into a tie with his Democratic rival.	0 1
0	Kerry Will Buy  #36;45M TV Time in 20 States (AP)  AP - Previewing its fall strategy, John Kerry's presidential campaign will buy  #36;45 million worth of commercial time in 20 states through Election Day, including spots on cable television and advertising geared toward minorities.	1
1	John Kerry will set a new direction for this nation  The presidential debate on Sept. 30 confirmed my interest in John Kerry for president. His explanations of what he intends to do must surpass George W. Bush.	0 1
0	Blair vows to respond  #39;immediately #39; if contacted by Iraq hostage <b>...</b>  LONDON, Sept 30 (AFP) - Hopes remained alive Thursday for the life of Briton Ken Bigley as Prime Minister Tony Blair vowed to respond  quot;immediately quot; if his hostage takers in Iraq contacted the British government.	3
0	Details of New John Kerry Television Ad (AP)  AP - Details of a new television ad from Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry to begin airing this week:	1
1	Sharon to seek rival Labor #39;s aid on Gaza plan  Fresh from a painful parliamentary defeat, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel said yesterday he will turn to his old rivals in the Labor 	4
1	To the end, Kerry, Bush remain in a statistical dead heat  On the final full day of campaigning, President George W. Bush went on a six-state swing, which culminated in a homecoming rally in Dallas.	0 1
0	Blair calls on US to 'reach out' to partners (AFP)  AFP - British Prime Minister Tony Blair undertook a passionate defence of the transatlantic alliance but called on the United States to  quot;reach out quot; to its international partners for the sake of world order.	3
1	The Terrorist Statesman Took Peace Nowhere  Yasser Arafat #39;s last days on earth, a subject of intense interest throughout much of the world, have evoked mixed emotions in the country that was his life #39;s obsession: Israel.	2
1	Arafat buried in his Mukata headquarters  In an emotionally charged burial ceremony which verged on chaos, the Palestinian people bid farewell to their leader as Yasser Arafat was buried in the Mukata compound in Ramallah.	2
1	Bush Says US Safety from Terror  #39;Up in the Air #39;  President Bush said it is  quot;up in the air quot; whether the United States can ever be fully safe from terrorism, prompting an attack from Democrat John Kerry #39;s campaign that Bush was sending a mixed message.	0 1
0	Kerry Tries Faith to Win Undecided Voters (AP)  AP - Democrat John Kerry on Sunday tried to persuade late-deciding voters that they can put their faith in his leadership by describing the values and beliefs that he says have guided him and would shape his presidency.	1
0	Blair to Undergo Heart Surgery, Commits to Third Term (Update4)  UK Prime Minister Tony Blair said he will be admitted to hospital tomorrow for an operation to correct a heart flutter and that he will serve a full third term in office, if he wins the next general election.	3
0	Likud voters want Sharon to pursue coalition: poll  JERUSALEM: Most members of Israel #39;s ruling Likud party want Prime Minister Ariel Sharon to press on with talks to widen his coalition despite a vote by the Likud executive barring any such move, a poll showed on Friday.	4
0	Senate Defies Bush on Immigration Jobs (AP)  AP - Election-season winds are gusting strongly in the Republican-run Senate, which disregarded a White House veto threat and voted to bar President Bush from giving some federal immigration jobs to private workers.	0
1	Iraq intelligence faulty, Blair admits to his party  With the war in Iraq dividing his government and eroding trust in his leadership, Prime Minister Tony Blair yesterday conceded at 	3
1	Bush Allies May Defect Over Fiscal Proposals  The AARP bulletined its 35 million members last week that President Bush #39;s plan to make personal investment accounts part of Social Security was the  quot;wrong direction 	0
0	Timeline: the Palestinian intifada  Jerusalem - It is now four years since the first clashes of the Palestinian intifada, or uprising, broke out after a visit by Israel #39;s Ariel Sharon to Jerusalem #39;s Al-Aqsa mosque compound.	4
0	Report: Blair Recovering Well After Heart Operation   LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair has  had a successful operation for recurrent heart palpitations and  is "doing well," Sky TV reported Friday.	3
1	Read these lips: Bush gets quite continental  President Bush has bussed two women in public in the past two days. First, Condoleezza Rice, whom he kissed on the cheek twice when he nominated her for secretary of State on Tuesday.	0
1	Bush, Blair vow to help Mideast peace  WASHINGTON - President Bush said yesterday that there was now a  quot;great chance quot; to establish a Palestinian state and that he would invest the authority of the United States to try to accomplish that goal during his second term.	0
1	Israeli Cabinet Passes Gaza Bill Before Key Vote  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s cabinet passed a bill on the nuts and bolts of pulling out of occupied Gaza Sunday, a day before he seeks approval from Israel #39;s parliament for his withdrawal plan.	4
1	Egypt plays Mideast peace broker  An assassination attempt was made Sunday on the man who may replace Yasser Arafat as Palestinian chief. By Dan Murphy  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.	2
1	Bush Team Prepares Net Assault  For the millions of television viewers who tune in to the first presidential debate in Miami Thursday night, the event will probably seem scripted, familiar and maybe even cordial.	0
3	Bush touts tax relief, Edwards slams Bush record  President Bush, who credits three years of tax relief programs with helping strengthen the slow economy, said Saturday he would sign into law the Working Families Tax Relief Act to preserve tax cuts.	0
1	P. Diddy Takes Vote Drive to Swing States (AP)  AP - Hip-hop mogul Sean "P. Diddy" Combs is following the lead of President Bush and Sen. John Kerry by taking his get-out-the-vote campaign to the swing states.	0 1
1	Bush begins road trip, Kerry team raises Halliburton  WASHINGTON - President Bush left the White House Friday for a final campaign swing, planning to stay on the road until Tuesday, while Sen. John Kerry #39;s campaign was expected to seize on a new controversy: an expanding FBI probe of Halliburton Co.	0 1
1	Bodman boasts varied resume, from MIT professor to finance to <b>...</b>  WASHINGTON President Bush has named deputy Treasury Secretary Samuel Bodman to succeed Spencer Abraham as Secretary of Energy. Abraham, a former Republican senator from Michigan, has held the job throughout Bush #39;s first term.	0
1	Robertson Says Bush Predicted No Iraq Toll  The evangelical broadcaster Pat Robertson has set off a partisan fight by telling a television interviewer that President Bush serenely assured him just before the invasion of Iraq,  quot;Oh, no, we #39;re not going to have any casualties.	0
0	ELECTION DEAL MARKS NEW PEACE PROGRESS  JERUSALEM - Israel and the Palestinians yesterday agreed on how to hold next month #39;s election to replace Yasser Arafat -he latest evidence of progress toward peace in the post-Arafat era.	2
0	Kerry, Edwards Rarely Campaign Together (AP)  AP - Sen. John Kerry and running mate John Edwards rarely campaign together, but they talk daily, swapping ideas on everything from policy to strategy to staffing. Kerry insists on it, aides say, even if it puts his campaign behind schedule.	1
0	Bush Wants to Get North Korea Nuclear Talks Going  <p></p><p> By Steve Holland</p><p> WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Bush plans to urge alliesat an Asia-Pacific summit in Chile this weekend to press NorthKorea to return to stalled talks over its nuclear weaponsprogram, senior U.S. officials said on Wednesday.</p>	0
0	Kerry hits Bush on war on terror, White House blames Kerry for Vietnam attacks on Bush (AFP)  AFP - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry vowed to wage a  quot;smarter quot; war on terror than President George W. Bush, as the White House accused Kerry and his surrogates of being behind fresh questions about US President George W. Bush's Vietnam war-era records.	0 1
1	Bush outlines ambitious economic agenda for 2nd term  US President George W. Bush outlined Thursday an ambitious legacy-making economic agenda for his second term, stressing that the economy is continuing to grow but fiscal restraint and reforms to the tax code, social security and litigation are necessary 	0
1	Barghouti joins race for presidency  The jailed leader of the Fatah movement in the West Bank, Marwan Barghouti, has joined the race to succeed Yasser Arafat as president of the Palestinian Authority in next month #39;s election.	2
1	Bush touts allied unity on nukes  President Bush said yesterday that the leaders of China, Japan, South Korea and Russia are united in their determination to get North Korea and Iran to abandon their nuclear-weapons programs.	0
0	Palestinians call for peace talks  The Palestinian prime minister calls for new peace efforts with Israel, a day after Yasser Arafat's burial.	2
1	Europe ; Palestinian premier Ahmed Qureia to visit Arafat  Europe News, Paris: Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia and other deputies will arrive here today to see Yasser Arafat, who is seriously ill in a Paris hospital.	2
1	New presidential puppy for Laura Bush  President George W. Bush gave his wife Laura a Scottish terrier puppy for her 58th birthday, the White House said on Thursday. The pup named  quot;Miss Beazley quot;, born October 28, will arrive at the White House 	0
0	Arafat 'Between Life and Death' -Palestinian Envoy (Reuters)  Reuters - Yasser Arafat is in a coma between life and death, a senior Palestinian official said on Friday, and some of the Palestinian president's powers have been transferred to his prime minister.	2
2	Bostonian Kerry pulls up his Sox  FOR those who believe in omens, the historic World Series baseball triumph this week by the Boston Red Sox augurs well for Democrat presidential candidate and Bostonian John Kerry.	1
0	Sharon Rejects Settler Gaza Vote Demands (AP)  AP - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on Sunday rejected calls from Jewish settlers to hold a nationwide referendum on his plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip, escalating an increasingly bitter dispute with former allies who now accuse him of leading Israel toward civil war.	4
1	Plus ca change?  Suha Arafat #39;s rant against leaders of the Palestinian Authority and Yasser Arafat #39;s heirs apparent earlier in the week was revealing in many ways.	2
0	The Eternal Agitator  He shook the world by demanding justice for the Palestinians. But Arafat's defiance ruined his chances to win them independence	2
0	Edwards Criticizes Bush, Cheney With Smile (AP)  AP - Democratic vice presidential candidate John Edwards has sharpened his criticism of President Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney over the past week, but his style has remained the same. He couches his criticism with charm.	0
1	Springsteen, REM kick off  quot;Vote for Change quot; concerts  Twenty years after releasing  quot;Born in the USA, quot; Bruce Springsteen returned to the anti-war anthem as he and other artists kicked off a multistate tour aimed at helping to oust President Bush.	0
1	Bush Blocks Foreign Access to Campaign Web Site  In what was speculated to be a reaction to a possible DoS attack, the Bush Administration has blocked at least some foreign visitor access to its official campaign Web site.	0
0	Israeli Parliament Backs Sharon Gaza Pullout Plan   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's parliament ratified Prime  Minister Ariel Sharon's Gaza withdrawal plan on Tuesday, a  pivotal step toward the first evacuation of settlers from  occupied territory Palestinians want for a state.	4
1	Low job creation in September gives Kerry new ammunition  WASHINGTON _ In a report with political significance, the Labor Department said Friday that companies added 96,000 jobs to their payrolls last month, far short of the 150,000 increase that had been widely expected.	1
0	Bush Hurries Back to Campaign Trail (AP)  AP - Even before the balloons had stopped falling, President Bush hurried back to the campaign trail Friday to peddle the main message of his Republican convention speech: that he has the steadiest hand to guide the nation in perilous times.	0
1	Doctors rush to Arafat #39;s bedside, veteran leader in  #39;critical <b>...</b>  RAMALLAH, West Bank : Doctors were rushed to the bedside of ailing Yasser Arafat at his West Bank headquarters as a top official said the 75-year-old Palestinian leader was in a critical condition.	2
1	ABC News World Leaders Mourn Arafat at Funeral  An Egyptian military honour guard escort the coffin carrying late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat during the funeral procession in Cairo, Egypt, Friday Nov. 12, 2004.	2
0	Sharon says opponents of pullout calling for a civil war  JERUSALEM -- Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel lashed out yesterday against what he called growing incitement toward violence by opponents of his Gaza Strip withdrawal plan, while thousands of Jewish settlers and their supporters gathered in the city to protest the proposed pullout.	4
0	Post-Debate Polls Favor Kerry  CORAL GABLES, Fla. - President Bush and Sen...	0 1
0	Bush arrives in Chile for APEC summit  President Bush arrived here last night for a two-day international summit expected to focus on nuclear threats, immigration and global terrorism.	0
0	Chaotic Scenes at Arafat Compound Before Burial   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Surging frenzied crowds  forced a hasty burial of Yasser Arafat on Friday, preventing  mourners like student Deya Jamal from paying their last  respects to the charismatic Palestinian president.	2
0	Foreign Doctors Find Arafat Has Flu -Confidant   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - A second group of foreign doctors has  found that Yasser Arafat, taken ill last week, was suffering  from the flu, an Israeli Arab politician said on Sunday, adding  the Palestinian president was on the mend.	2
0	Report: Israel to Let Arafat Get Treatment (AP)  AP - Israel will allow Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat to leave his compound to receive medical treatment in the West Bank city of Ramallah, Israeli media reported Monday.	2
0	At Bush Inauguration, Lunch Will Set You Back  $250,000  President Bush's inaugural committee is seeking to raise more than  $40 million, a record.	0
0	Bush, Kerry Pause to Trade Barbs on Iraq  SPRING GREEN, Wis. - President Bush and rival Sen...	0
0	Sharon: Israel Ready for Gaza Withdrawal (AP)  AP - Israel is prepared to coordinate its pullout from Gaza with a new Palestinian government, officials said Sunday, a shift from Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's concept of "unilateral disengagement" and a sign that cooperation may be restored in the post-Arafat era.	4
0	Powell arrives in Middle East for talks  Secretary of State Colin Powell arrived in Israel late Sunday for his first direct talks with Israeli and Palestinian officials since the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat on November 11.	2
1	The candidates on healthcare: Who has the best plan  Both President George W. Bush and Democratic presidential candidate Sen. John Kerry say they have the ideal health plan to improve the quality of the American health care system and make it more affordable.	0 1
0	Bush faces critical test in second debate (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush's re-election bid, battered by bad news on the economy and Iraq, faced a critical test as he headed into a second debate with resurgent Democrat John Kerry.	0 1
1	CBS Says Probe Results Unlikely Until After Election (Reuters)  Reuters - An external review of how CBS News came to use disputed documents in a report on President Bush's military record will probably not be concluded until after the	0
0	Bush Plans to Withdraw Troops From Abroad  WASHINGTON - President Bush's plan to call tens of thousands of U.S. troops home from Europe and Asia could gain him election-year applause from military families, but won't ease the strain on soldiers still battling violent factions in Iraq and Afghanistan...	0
0	In Lebanon's refugee camps, Palestinians unite to mourn  AIN EL HELWEH, Lebanon -- Shops and schools in this southern Palestinian refugee camp remained closed all weekend, mosque loudspeakers blared out Koranic verses, and soot from tires set alight when Yasser Arafat's death was announced settled on cars.	2
0	Blair #39;s efforts are putting hostage in danger, say aid staff  Iraqi colleagues of the kidnapped aid worker Margaret Hassan are deeply worried that Tony Blair #39;s repeated pledges to save her may be putting her life in more danger.	3
0	Bush Offers Sympathy at Russian Embassy (AP)  AP - President Bush made an unexpected visit to the Russian Embassy on Sunday where he signed a book of condolences for victims of the school hostage seizure and expressed outrage at the actions of "evil terrorists."	0
3	Kerry Churns Up Enthusiasm in Former Bush Bastion in Ohio  This part of Ohio went for George W. Bush four years ago in a 20-point landslide. But the 2,500 screaming, arm-waving supports of Senator John Kerry who jammed 	1
1	UK #39;s Blair Recovering at Home After Heart Flutter Treatment  UK Prime Minister Tony Blair is recovering at home after treatment for a heart flutter, a condition he said won #39;t keep him from seeking a third term in office.	3
0	MPs draw line in troop fracas  Furious British Labour politicians have warned Prime Minister Tony Blair that they have drawn a line in the sand over an American request for the deployment of more British troops.	3
0	Bush Moves to Privatize Social Security (AP)  AP - Fresh off re-election, President Bush is dusting off an ambitious plan to overhaul Social Security, a controversial proposal that had been shelved because of politics and the administration's focus on tax cuts and terrorism.	0
1	Sharon #39;s plan will make no change in Israel #39;s  quot;occupiers quot; tag  Jerusalem, Oct 24 (PTI) Israel #39;s withdrawal from the Gaza Strip under Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s disengagement plan will make no change to its  quot;occupiers quot; tag in international law as it will continue to control vital installations, a report based on an 	4
0	Israel: Arafat #39;s Days Are Numbered  Meanwhile, seven Palestinians were killed and 27 wounded in clashes with Israeli troops in the West Bank and Gaza Strip, and dozens of prominent Israeli hardliners called on Israeli troops to disobey orders and refuse to remove settlers from Gaza and the 	2
3	Bush Pledges Strong-Dollar Policy  President Bush meets with Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi in the Oval Office of the White House, Wednesday, Dec. 15, 2004, in Washington.	0
1	Combative Blair refuses to apologise for Iraq conflict  BRIGHTON : A combative Prime Minister Tony Blair refused to apologise for taking Britain into the Iraq war, as he rallied the Labour Party to unite and win a third straight term in a general election likely to take place in 2005.	3
0	Blair aiming for full third term  LONDON: British Prime Minister Tony Blair yesterday underwent heart treatment after a surprise pledge to serve a full third term if he wins an election expected next year.	3
0	Abbas says intifada was mistake  Mahmoud Abbas, the Palestinian leader campaigning to succeed Yasser Arafat in elections next month, said the four-year-old armed uprising against Israel was a mistake and must end.	2
1	Arafat Remains in Critical Condition  NPR.org, November 6, 2004  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat remains in critical condition at a hospital outside Paris, said to be in a coma.	2
0	Supporters Get Incentive Plans At Bush Rallies  The Bush campaign has pressed rally audiences to work as foot soldiers, before, during and immediately after Bush events.	0
1	Blair faces surgery for heart flutter  LONDONBritish Prime Minister Tony Blair undergoes a procedure to correct heart palpitations today - hours after dramatically announcing that he wants to serve no more than a third term in office.	3
0	Mideast without Arafat evokes hope  The loss of Yasser Arafat could ease the Palestinian-Israeli conflict significantly, local observers of Middle Eastern politics said Friday.	2
0	Bush, Kerry Set for Three Debates (Reuters)  Reuters - The nonpartisan panel that regulates presidential debates has scheduled three rounds between President Bush and Sen. John Kerry, organizers announced.	0 1
0	Sharp Rhetoric, Similar Goals  Iraq, the issue most likely to ignite fire in Thursday's debate, has become the chief symbol of differences between presidential candidates George W. Bush and John F. Kerry.	0
0	Bush and Kerry Address Voters' Anxieties on Stump  John F. Kerry accused President Bush of putting American lives at risk by failing to prevent the flu vaccine shortage and as Bush again said that his Democratic opponent cannot be trusted to protect the country from terrorists.	0 1
0	Writethru: Blair to go hospital for heart procedure  British Prime Minister Tony Blair said Thursday night he will go into hospital Friday and stay overnight for a procedure to correct irregular heartbeats.	3
0	Sharon 'eases' talks conditions  Israeli PM Ariel Sharon appears to have eased his preconditions for resuming talks with the Palestinians.	4
1	Social Security revamp won #39;t bring cuts, he says  Pressing further for a change to the Social Security system, President Bush promised Thursday that seniors would not lose benefits under his plan to allow younger workers to divert 	0
3	Bush Taps Kellogg CEO Gutierrez as New Commerce Secretary  WASHINGTON - President Bush (search) prepared Monday to name his nominee to head the Commerce Department (search), and he is expected to revamp his economic team in the near future.	0
0	Bush, Kerry Lob Post-Debate Assaults (AP)  AP - President Bush criticized Sen. John Kerry as a liberal trying to hide from his own record Thursday as the two men entered the last, post-debate lap of a close race for the White House. The Democratic challenger said his rival "fights, literally, for the privileged few."	0 1
0	Bush and Kerry Woo Sportsmen in Key States (AP)  AP - Anyone wondering why President Bush and Sen. John Kerry have been talking up hunting and fishing in recent days need look no further than two anti-logging petitions widely circulated by a sportsmen's association in Alaska.	0 1
1	Search for Homeland Security Chief Renewed  Former New York City Police Commissioner Bernard Kerik, left, speaks in the Roosevelt Room at the White House, Friday, Dec. 3, 2004 after President Bush announced Kerik as his choice to replace Secretary of Homeland Security Tom Ridge.	0
0	Kerry Says Iraq War Raises Questions on Bush's Judgment  Senator John Kerry said today that the war in Iraq was a "profound diversion" from the war on terror and Osama bin Laden.	0 1
0	Bush Tries for Better Ties With NATO Visit (AP)  AP - President Bush on Wednesday signaled a renewed effort to improve his relations with the European allies by hosting the NATO secretary-general, the first foreign visitor to the White House since Bush won re-election.	0
1	Thompson steps down as US health secretary  Tommy Thompson, US secretary of health and human services, resigned on Friday, marking the latest departure in a broad reshuffling of President George W. Bush #39;s cabinet as he prepares for a second term.	0
0	Springsteen Kicks Off 'Vote for Change'  PHILADELPHIA - Bruce Springsteen and R.E.M. frontman Michael Stipe stayed on message from the time they took the stage: vote John Kerry on Nov...	1
0	Kerry Says He Wouldn't Have Ousted Saddam  NEW YORK - Staking out new ground on Iraq, Sen. John Kerry said Monday he would not have overthrown Saddam Hussein had he been in the White House, and he accused President Bush of "stubborn incompetence," dishonesty and colossal failures of judgment...	0 1
0	Bin Laden Condemns Bush, Says New Attacks Possible  Osama bin Laden burst into the US election campaign on Saturday, releasing his first video tape in more than a year to deride President Bush and warn of possible new Sept.	0
1	 #39;The battle for Downing Street has begun #39;  After a weekend in the English countryside to rest after a minor heart operation, Prime Minister Tony Blair returns to work on Monday amid a battle to succeed him that may hurt 	3
0	Britain, Iraq call for UN support  The British and Iraqi prime ministers have appealed for international support to tackle the insurgency in Iraq. Speaking after talks in London, Tony Blair warned that the conflict now taking place in Iraq would determine the future of global terrorism.	3
0	Spanish FM makes lightning visit to Syria over Arafat successor: official (AFP)  AFP - Spanish Foreign Minister Miguel Angel Moratinos flew briefly to Damascus this weekend to take part in quiet diplomacy over finding a successor to Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, official sources confirmed.	2
0	Palestinians Choose Presidential Candidates   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian officials urged  Israel on Saturday to curb military operations as they began to  register candidates to run in an election to replace Yasser  Arafat as Palestinian Authority president.	2
0	Barnes Upset About Helping Bush Avoid War  AUSTIN, Texas - Former Texas House Speaker Ben Barnes' recollections over how he helped President Bush get into the Texas Air National Guard during the Vietnam War have evolved over the years from fuzzy to distinct, with him now expressing remorse for what he did.    Barnes, a Democrat who was one of the most powerful politicians in Texas in the '60s and '70s, said at an Austin campaign rally for Democrat John Kerry that he was "ashamed" for helping Bush and sons of other wealthy Texans avoid service in Vietnam...	0 1
1	Israel Apologizes for Killing Egyptian Officers  The Israeli prime minister, Ariel Sharon, apologized to Egypt today after an Israeli army tank crew fired on an Egyptian patrol near the border with Gaza, killing three Egyptian police officers.	4
3	Bush plan on dams rekindles salmon debate  Bush administration proposes development-friendly policies that it says will protect fish. Environmentalists are outraged. By Brad Knickerbocker  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.	0
0	Post-Arafat Gaza Sees Turmoil  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip - The air above the Gaza Strip was humid and motionless Saturday, free of the throat-burning black smoke from flaming tires that mourners had lit in sadness and anger at the death this week of Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Israeli parliament rejects Sharon #39;s 2005 budget  The Israeli parliament has voted against Prime Minister Ariel Sharon government #39;s 2005 budget, plunging the ruling coalition into turmoil.	4
1	A call for reconciliation  An elated President Bush claimed a re-election victory Wednesday after a tumultuous night of vote counting and a concession by John Kerry, as he pledged that he would seek to earn 	0 1
0	World Briefs Column  A family tug-of-war over whether to reveal Yasser Arafat #39;s cause of death bubbled over in public yesterday, with a brother of the late leader insisting the Palestinian people are entitled to know.	2
1	Appeal for kidnapped worker  Care International have made a televised plea to the kidnappers of Margaret Hassan, their director in Iraq, after a new videotape showed her begging Tony Blair not to send troops to Baghdad.	3
1	Kerry picks senior campaign aide  Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry, under pressure to bring new focus to his campaign, added a veteran political strategist to his travelling campaign entourage, rounding out changes to his senior staff.	1
1	Dan Rather's Future a Complicated Question (AP)  AP - In Kansas City, Mo., it's Kirk Black's job to answer for Dan Rather. The station manager of KCTV, like his colleagues at many other CBS affiliates, is facing a flood of calls and e-mails from viewers angry at Dan Rather for relying on apparently fake documents to suggest President Bush's National Guard service record was less than stellar.	0
1	GUARD CHEERS BUSH  WASHINGTON - President Bush brought National Guardsmen to their feet yesterday when he told them he was  quot;proud quot; of his own service in a Texas unit.	0
1	UK Lawmakers Begin Pushing Bill to Ban Fox Hunting (Update2)  UK Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s government used fast-track rules to begin pushing a bill through the Parliament that will ban fox hunting with hounds, a traditional pursuit in the British countryside.	3
1	Profile: Carlos Gutierrez  President Bush has nominated Kellogg CEO Carlos Gutierrez as the new commerce secretary. (AP Graphics). Nov. 29, 2004 -- From selling Frosted Flakes to small stores in Mexico City to a nomination as secretary 	0
1	Ariel Sharon Calls for Expansion of Army #39;s Gaza Raid  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Saturday that Israel should expand its massive raid of northern Gaza, the army #39;s biggest and deadliest offensive in more than four years of conflict with the Palestinians.	4
0	Bush Defends US Policy on Iraq, Promotes Democracy in UN Speech  President Bush defended the US decision to invade Iraq in a United Nations General Assembly address Tuesday in which he also urged the world community to fight terrorism and promote democracy.	0
0	Bush and Kerry Focus Campaigns on 11 Key States  Both campaigns have plans for a barrage of visits and television ads in key battlegrounds over the next 10 days.	0
0	In the Senate, Raising a (Quiet) Republican Voice Against the Administration  Republican Senator Lincoln Chafee of Rhode Island has decided not to vote for President Bush in November.	0
1	Sharon Orders Redeployment of Israeli Troops In Gaza  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has ordered a redeployment of Israeli troops, away from densely populated areas of the northern Gaza Strip.	4
0	Kerry Lays Out Plan for Peace in Iraq  NEW YORK - Sen. John Kerry said Monday that President Bush's invasion of Iraq has created a crisis that could lead to unending war and raises questions about whether Bush's judgment is up to presidential standards...	0 1
0	Blair to US:  #39;Toughness alone won #39;t defeat terrorism #39;  British Prime Minister Tony Blair urged the United States to reach out to the rest of the world and adopt a more multilateral approach to international affairs.	3
0	Two Lions Vying To Prevail  Long locked in struggle, Sharon and Arafat both confront fights for survival that could reshape the Middle East	2
1	 #39;Mercenaries #39; attacked tent  Dubai - Former Palestinian security minister Mohammed Dahlan said on Monday that a  quot;gang of mercenaries quot; known to the Palestinian police were behind the shooting that resulted in two deaths in a mourning tent for Yasser Arafat in Gaza.	2
0	Blair urges dialogue with US on climate  LONDON -- Prime Minister Tony Blair yesterday urged a new international dialogue with the United States on climate change, weeks before Britain takes over the presidency of the G8 group of industrialized nations.  quot;The most important thing is to try to get a dialogue with America on how we recognize both the scale of the problem on greenhouse gas emissions ...	3
1	ABC News Issues Statement On Alleged Terrorist Tape  Many people are talking about reports of a new videotape that purportedly shows an al-Qaeda terrorist threatening an attack on the United States if President George W. Bush is re-elected.	0
0	Bush Tries to Mend Ties With Latin America (AP)  AP - President Bush, trying to mend relations with Latin America, pledged Sunday to make a fresh push for stalled immigration reforms and defended the U.S. invasion of Iraq, saying that "history will prove it right."	0
0	Fuzzy outlook, deficits could trip Bush economic plans: analysts (AFP)  AFP - With the outlook fuzzy and the US economy saddled by big deficits, President George W. Bush will face a tough road implementing his ambitious economic agenda in a second term, analysts say.	0
0	Middle East enters a  #39;post-Arafat era #39;: News analysis  The death of Yasser Arafat, chairman of the Palestine National Authority (PNA), affects the nerve of the Middle East and the world as a whole.	2
0	Palestinian attack kills woman in Gaza settlement  A Palestinian mortar bomb slammed into a house in a Jewish settlement in the Gaza Strip on Friday, killing a woman and fueling settler anger over Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to pull Israelis out of the occupied region.	4
1	Sharon, Abbas signal readiness to meet  JERUSALEM, ISRAEL - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and interim Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas have said they #39;re willing to meet and try to revive the stalled peace  quot;road map.	4
0	Blair says British public sympathizes with interior minister under fire (AFP)  AFP - Prime Minister Tony Blair said he believed the British public sympathizes with his interior minister who faces charges he used his position to speed up a visa application for his ex-lover's Filipina nanny.	3
0	Body of Arafat arrives in Egypt  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat's body arrives in Cairo, amid preparations his funeral there on Friday.	2
1	Blair Faces Protests as He Addresses Labor Party Conference  Protesters twice interrupted British Prime Minister Tony Blair Tuesday, as he delivered his keynote speech to a Labor Party conference.	3
0	Qurei yet to present letter of resignation  Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qurei intends to resign but he has not presented his letter of resignation to Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, Palestinian sources confirmed Wednesday.	2
1	Bush to Replace Treasury #39;s Snow -NY Times  President Bush plans to replace John Snow as US Treasury Secretary and possible successors include Andrew Card, currently the White House chief of staff, the New York Times reported Monday.	0
0	Bombs found near Berlusconi #39;s villa after Blair visit  ROME, Aug. 18 (Xinhuanet) -- Two bombs were found near Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi #39;s villa on the island of Sardinia early Wednesday, hours after a visit by British Prime Minister Tony Blair. 	3
0	Bush Has Become Blair #39;s Burden  Two and a half weeks ago, the shadows that had hung over Tony Blair #39;s prime ministership since the end of major combat operations in Iraq suddenly fell especially dark.	0 3
0	Tuesday's Debate Has New Importance  After what Republicans acknowledge was President Bush's faltering performance in his televised encounter with Democratic nominee John F. Kerry, the vice presidential debate has assumed critical importance, with Republicans depending on Vice President Cheney to halt the ticket's slide in momentum.	0
0	Foreign Policy at Forefront of Debate  BAL HARBOUR, Fla. - The first presidential debate on Thursday night and its focus on foreign policy and security gives both President Bush and Sen...	0
1	CBS News Names Panel to Review Tainted Bush Report   NEW YORK (Reuters) - CBS News named former U.S. Attorney  General Dick Thornburgh and retired Associated Press chief  Louis Boccardi on Wednesday to review its discredited report on  President Bush's military record.	0
1	Next week, there #39;s really only one choice: Bush  There really is no choice on Nov. 2. President Bush has a record of achievement and accomplishment. He inherited an economy in recession, further hit by a high-tech burst and 9/11, and turned it around.	0
1	Duped CBS Regrets Airing Disputed Bush Memos   NEW YORK (Reuters) - In an enormous blow to its  credibility, CBS News on Monday said it had been deliberately  misled over the authenticity of documents it aired in a story  challenging President Bush's military service.	0
0	Kerry Hits Back at GOP 'Insults'  NEWARK, Ohio - In a scathing attack, Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry accused Republicans of hiding President Bush's "record of failure" behind insults and promised a new direction for the country under a Kerry-Edwards administration.    Kerry, speaking to a midnight rally as Bush closed the GOP convention in New York with his acceptance speech, said the president was "unfit to lead this nation" because of the war in Iraq and his record on jobs, health care and energy prices...	0 1
0	Ex-Guardsman: I Contacted Kerry Campaign  AUSTIN, Texas - A retired Texas National Guard official mentioned as a possible source for disputed documents about President Bush's service in the Guard said he passed along information to a former senator working with John Kerry's campaign.    Also, a White House official said Saturday that Bush has reviewed disputed documents that purport to show he refused orders to take a physical examination in 1972 and did not recall having seen them previously...	0 1
1	Bush Adamant on Iraq Election Schedule  Bush Rejects Calls From More Than a Dozen Political Parties in Iraq to Postpone Jan. 30 Elections. US President Bush delivers his foreign policy speech at Pier 21, in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada, on Wednesday, Dec. 1, 2004.	0
0	Bush Visits Russia, Offers Condolences  WASHINGTON - President Bush made an unexpected visit to the Russian Embassy on Sunday where he signed a book of condolence for victims of the school hostage seizure and expressed outrage at the actions of "evil terrorists."  "The atrocities that took place in the school were beyond comprehension," the president told reporters after writing a one-page note in the book.   "Many in America and, I know, many Russians cannot conceive the heart of a person who could mow down innocent children...	0
1	Iraq weapons report becomes political fodder  WASHINGTON - Coming a month before the presidential elections, the final US report on Iraq #39;s weapons capability quickly became a political tool as both President Bush and Sen. John Kerry #39;s campaign used it to buttress their positions.	0 1
0	Bush Pledges Safer World, Resumes Stump  NEW YORK - President Bush pledged "a safer world and a more hopeful America" as he accepted his party's nomination for a second term in office and plunged into the final two months of his re-election campaign. He promptly drew fire Friday from challenger John Kerry that he was "unfit to lead this country."   In the city that transformed his presidency three Septembers ago, Bush declared to a raucous GOP convention crowd: "We have fought the terrorists across the earth - not for pride, not for power, but because the lives of our citizens are at stake...	0 1
0	Blair rejects call for probe into civilian deaths in Iraq  British Prime Minister Tony Blair on Wednesday rejected calls for an independent commission to calculate the number of civilians killed and injured since the US-led alliance invaded Iraq in March 2003.	3
1	Kerry, Bush plans offer a stark choice  Both presidential candidates agree the American health care system is troubled: Coverage is too costly, too many are uninsured. But President Bush and Democratic 	0 1
0	Hamas Indicates It Will Challenge Arafat  RAMALLAH, West Bank - Israeli troops pushed into the northern Gaza Strip and killed at least two Palestinians, witnesses said, while new signs emerged that the violent Hamas group is preparing a political challenge to Yasser Arafat despite a series of blows from Israel.    The incursion into Gaza came late Tuesday, the day Palestinians marked the fourth anniversary of their bloody uprising...	2
0	Cheney Echoes Bush's Criticism of Kerry (AP)  AP - Vice President Dick Cheney joined President Bush in a sharp challenge of Sen. John Kerry's fitness to serve as commander in chief on Wednesday, still basking in GOP supporters' cheers for his debate performance.	0 1
0	Labour urges early Israeli poll  Israeli Labour opposition leader Shimon Peres has called for early elections, after Prime Minister Ariel Sharon was rebuffed by his own Likud party. 	4
1	 #39;American Taliban #39; Appeals for Early Release  The lawyer for an American sentenced to 20 years in a US prison for fighting with the Taliban in Afghanistan appealed to President Bush to lessen his sentence after a man in a similar case was freed.	0
0	Arafat on life support; Israel put on high  Paris: The Israeli army went on high alert last night when Yasser Arafats condition dramatically worsened in a French hospital.	2
0	Bush Promises Broad Political Effort to Revamp Social Security  President Bush said part of his effort would be to convince lawmakers that changing the program is not political suicide.	0
1	Bush Picks Kellogg #39;s Gutierrez as US Commerce Chief (Update1)  President George W. Bush picked Carlos Gutierrez, who rose from being a political refugee from Cuba to chairman and chief executive of Kellogg Co.	0
0	Democrat's voice will be heard at GOP convention (USATODAY.com)  USATODAY.com - Sen. Zell Miller, a Georgia Democrat who gave the keynote speech at Bill Clinton's 1992 nominating convention, will do the same thing for President Bush at the Republican National Convention.	0
1	US military focuses on Afghan democracy  For a time, the US military in Afghanistan was talking as if it would smoke Osama bin Laden out of a cave on the rocky Pakistan border within months, perhaps even ahead of President Bush #39;s re-election.	0
0	N.Y. Candidate Seeks Springsteen Boycott (AP)  AP - Upset with Bruce Springsteen's effort to oust President Bush from the White House, the New York Conservative Party's candidate for the U.S. Senate is launching a "Boycott the Boss" television commercial.	0
0	Conflicting reports on Arafat #39;s health  Rival Palestinian factions are putting on a show of unity today in the Gaza Strip, as concern mounts over Yasser Arafat. Representatives of 13 Palestinian factions, including the two Islamic militant groups 	2
0	UK home secretary resigns  Top UK government minister David Blunkett, a key ally of Tony Blair, has quit as home secretary, the BBC learns.	3
0	Son of GOP President Supports Kerry (AP)  AP - John Eisenhower, son of Republican President Eisenhower, said in a newspaper column this week that he will vote for Democratic Sen. John Kerry for president on Nov. 2.	1
1	Barghouti Registers to Run for Palestinian President (Update1)  Marwan Barghouti, a leader of the late Yasser Arafat #39;s Fatah faction who is serving a life sentence in an Israeli jail, is registering to run for president of the Palestinian Authority.	2
0	Blair and Ahern host Ulster talks  Prime Minister Tony Blair and his Irish counterpart Bertie Ahern are to begin fresh talks with members of Northern Ireland #39;s major political parties.	3
0	Blair and Bush to launch new Mideast peace initiative  Report: The two leaders to disucss new bid that would capitalise on opportunities created by disengagement plan. British Prime Minister Tony Blair will fly to Washington this week to launch a new Middle East 	0 3
0	UN Gives Arafat Head of State Tribute  The United Nations has accorded Yasser Arafat honors as a head of state, holding a tribute in the General Assembly and flying the flag at half staff.	2
0	Parties call for postponement of elections  Despite a new call Friday for a postponement of the Iraqi elections, President Bush said he hopes they still go forward. Seventeen political parties say the election should be put off for at least six months 	0
1	Palestinians Set Jan. 9 For Vote  Palestinian officials scheduled presidential elections for Jan. 9, 2005, pushing forward with steps to a secure a new leader following the death of Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Kerry: 'We Can, We Must' Win Terror War (AP)  AP - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry says President Bush was wrong when he suggested that victory against terrorism might be impossible, declaring that he has a plan to defeat those who threaten the United States.	0 1
1	Flip-flopping charge unsupported by facts Kerry always pushed <b>...</b>  Washington -- No argument is more central to the Republican attack on Sen. John Kerry than the assertion that the Democrat has flip-flopped on Iraq.	1
0	U.S. Image Slides, but Americans Popular (AP)  AP - America's popularity around the world has taken a beating in recent years, according to a set of coordinated polls conducted in 10 different countries. But the survey also found that despite widespread animosity toward President Bush, huge majorities said they have a good opinion of Americans.	0
0	Sharon Faces Netanyahu Challenge Over Gaza Pullout (Reuters)  Reuters - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon faced a surprise challenge on Monday to his plan to expedite a pullout from Gaza when Benjamin Netanyahu, his main rival in the Likud party, called for a referendum on the issue.	4
0	N. Korea beats up on Bush  SEOUL North Korea called President George W. Bush an imbecile and a tyrant who puts Hitler in the shade, unleashing a vituperative stream of insults on Monday that seemed to rule out any serious progress on nuclear disarmament talks before the American 	0
0	Graphic Designer Fired After Heckling Bush (AP)  AP - A man who heckled President Bush at a political rally was fired from his job at an advertising and design company for offending a client who provided tickets to the event.	0
1	New poll shows Bush lead widening  US President George Bush #39;s lead over Democratic rival John Kerry widened slightly over the last week, according to a CBS/New York Times poll released yesterday.	0 1
3	A Clash of Goals in Bush's Efforts on the Income Tax  President Bush has vowed to lead a bipartisan effort to overhaul the personal income tax and make it "simpler, fairer and pro-growth."	0
0	Bush Says Kerry Doesn't Understand Terror War (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush charged on Wednesday that Democrat John Kerry has a "fundamental misunderstanding" of the war on terrorism because a leader in the Iraqi insurgency, Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, has sworn allegiance to al Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden.	0
0	FACTBOX: Bush vs. Kerry Economic Policies (Reuters)  Reuters - Following is an outline of the economic positions of President Bush and his Democratic opponent Sen. John Kerry.	0 1
1	Arafat  #39;OK #39; but doctors mull hospital stay  Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qurie says that Yasser Arafat is  quot;OK quot; after a visit to the veteran leader #39;s bedside at his West Bank headquarters.	2
1	Sharon to Present Gaza Pullout Plan Oct. 25  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon told his fractious parliament on Monday that he will bring his Gaza pullout plan to the house for debate on Oct. 25 and will ask approval for 	4
0	Kerry: Bush Lets Groups Do 'Dirty Work' (AP)  AP - John Kerry fought back Thursday against campaign allegations that he exaggerated his combat record in Vietnam, accusing President Bush of using a Republican front group "to do his dirty work" and challenging Bush to debate their wartime service records.	0 1
0	Some see Cheney's terror remark as 'fear strategy' (USATODAY.com)  USATODAY.com - Vice President Cheney was not campaigning Wednesday, but his suggestion a day earlier that electing John Kerry would risk a "devastating" terrorist attack kept agitating the political arena.	1
1	President hitting Western states in pre-debate campaign swing  President Bush criticized Democratic challenger John Kerry on Monday for suggesting that the anti-terror battle should reduce terrorists to  quot;a nuisance quot; from the current full-time crisis.	0 1
0	Sharon Says Gaza Settlers to Leave Homes (AP)  AP - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Thursday all 8,200 Jewish settlers will be pulled out of the Gaza Strip starting next summer, and he ordered a troop withdrawal from a refugee camp  #151; signaling that a bloody two-week offensive in northern Gaza could be easing.	4
0	Experts: Women Key to Kerry Win in Nov. (AP)  AP - Cynthia Moore  #151; single mother, moderate Democrat  #151; is the living embodiment of one of Sen. John Kerry's biggest challenges in the presidential race. There are things she doesn't like about President Bush, she says, but the president will get her vote on Nov. 2 because she thinks he'll do a better job of protecting her two daughters.	0 1
3	A revamped tax code? No, thanks  The people around President Bush hint that he will make tax reform a centerpiece of his agenda in a second term.	0
0	House Defeats Gay Marriage Ban Amendment  WASHINGTON - The House emphatically rejected a constitutional amendment banning gay marriage Thursday, the latest in a string of conservative pet causes advanced by Republican leaders in the run-up to Election Day.    The vote was 227-186, 49 votes shy of the two-thirds needed for approval of an amendment that President Bush backed but the Senate had previously scuttled...	0
1	Supreme Court battles loom  If the flap over Sen. Arlen Specter is any indication, some of President Bush #39;s most conservative supporters are mobilizing an effort to reshape the federal judiciary in Bush #39;s second term.	0
0	McCain, Giuliani to Hail Bush on Security (AP)  AP - Sen. John McCain and former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani, two of the Republican Party's most popular politicians, open President Bush's nominating convention by calling him a leader unafraid of making unpopular choices to protect a nation scarred by the Sept. 11 attacks.	0
0	The papers consider a future without the Palestinian leader   quot;With uncertainty surrounding the health of Yasser Arafat, the Palestinian president, the question ... being asked in the Middle East, and probably the corridors of the White House is: what of the future?	2
1	Further North meetings planned today  The DUP leader, Ian Paisley, will meet the British prime minister, Tony Blair, in London this morning. In Dublin at noon the Taoiseach will hold talks with Sinn Fin #39;s Gerry Adams and Martin McGuinness.	3
0	World 'wants Kerry as president'  A new poll suggests people around the world prefer US Democratic challenger John Kerry to President Bush.	0 1
0	Nephew: Suspicions about Arafat #39;s death  Yasser Arafat #39;s nephew said Saturday the lack of a diagnosis of what led to his uncle #39;s death last month raised suspicions the Palestinian leader died of  quot;unnatural quot; causes.	2
3	Bush fights  #39;in the red #39; menace  For Bush #39;s dad, it was  #39;the economy, stupid #39;: Bill Clinton swept into the White House 12 years ago on a wave of pessimism about the  #39;jobless recovery #39; from the early 1990s recession, confirming the received wisdom that what really matters on polling day 	0
1	Blair, Bush see chance for Palestinian state by  #39;08  As Yasser Arafat was buried, President Bush said Friday there is  #39; #39;a great chance #39; #39; to create an independent Palestinian state within four years after decades of frustration.	0 2
1	Top cop knocks back Bush job  IN an embarrassing blow for George W. Bush, the tough former New York police chief he chose to take charge of homeland security was forced to withdraw his nomination at the weekend after admitting he failed to pay taxes for a nanny who appears to have 	0
0	Arafat #39;s body arrives in Cairo for funeral  Arafat, the symbol of Palestinian aspirations since the 1960s, died early on Thursday in a Paris hospital. After the Cairo ceremonies, his.	2
1	Palestinians, Israelis fall into turmoil  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel sacked a key coalition partner yesterday, and Marwan Barghouthi, the jailed uprising leader, decided 	4
0	Bush Picks Mo. for Labor Day Campaigning (AP)  AP - Pressing his advantage, President Bush is campaigning by bus in Missouri, where rival John Kerry needs help from a state Democratic Party that faces problems of its own.	0 1
0	Bush says Kerry 'wrong man' to lead (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush branded Democratic White House hopeful John Kerry the  quot;wrong man for the wrong job quot; and warned that the senator risked emboldening US enemies in Iraq and elsewhere.	0 1
1	Freedom on the March in Iraq, Bush Tells Voters  President Bush said on Thursday freedom was on the march in Iraq even as a US intelligence report depicted a bleak outlook for the country #39;s future.	0
1	Medal of Freedom for key figures in Iraq war  Washington -- President Bush bestowed the nation #39;s highest civilian honor, the Presidential Medal of Freedom, Tuesday on three of the central architects and executors of the war in Iraq, one of the president #39;s strongest efforts yet at putting a formal 	0
0	UK Official Confirms Minister Blunkett Resigned   LONDON (Reuters) - Senior British government minister David  Blunkett, a trusted ally of Prime Minister Tony Blair, resigned  on Wednesday, a government official confirmed.	3
0	Israeli Troops Kill 14 in Gaza Refugee Camp  Israeli troops killed 14 Palestinians in a Gaza refugee camp on Monday as parliament prepared, under tight security, to debate Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's plan to withdraw from the occupied territory.	4
0	Powell attempts to revive Mideast peace process  JERUSALEM - US Secretary of State Colin Powell embarked Sunday on a mission to revive the Middle East peace process after Yasser Arafat #39;s death.	2
1	Rice tapped for State Secretary; would be 1st black woman in post  President Bush has again picked a longtime loyalist for a high-profile post, this time tapping foreign policy confidante Condoleezza Rice to be  quot;America #39;s face to the world.	0
0	Bush and Kerry to Face Undecided Voters  ST. LOUIS - President Bush and Sen...	0 1
1	Republican Warns Bush on Social Security Reforms  A Republican congressional proponent of Social Security reform warned President Bush on Sunday not to rely on a sharp increase in government borrowing to overhaul the federal retirement program.	0
0	Blair Must Demand Bush Move on Guantanamo -Lawyers   LONDON (Reuters) - Relatives and rights lawyers urged Prime  Minister Tony Blair on Tuesday to demand the release of all  Britons and other Europeans from the U.S. prison camp at  Guantanamo Bay when he meets President Bush this week.	0 3
1	Attack on Bush military record  US Democrats stepped up their attack today on President George W. Bush #39;s military service, while a  quot;tell-all quot; tabloid biography assailing his family values hit the stores as an instant bestseller.	0
1	Gaza plan wins party vote  Israel #39;s plan to pull out of Gaza next year passed a crucial test on Thursday when Prime Minister Ariel Sharon easily won party approval to ask the more moderate Labor party to join his coalition.	4
0	Irish talks fall at DUP hurdle  Tony Blair #39;s bid to revive one of the crowning achievements of his seven-year premiership - the Good Friday Agreement - failed yesterday.	3
1	The Kerry Campaign  THE 1,000 US military deaths in Iraq have allowed Mr Kerry to stress the unacceptable human cost of a war he now argues was fought for the wrong reasons and at the wrong time.	1
1	PM Martin offers condolences; calls for peace effort after <b>...</b>  (CP) - Prime Minister Paul Martin says Yasser Arafat  quot;personified the Palestinian people #39;s struggle quot; and called on Palestinians and others in the Mideast  quot;to renew their commitment to peace quot; in the wake of the PLO leader #39;s death.	2
1	Sharon Says Gaza Pullout Still Planned  Settler leaders turned up the rhetoric Friday against Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, calling his plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip and a small part of the West Bank a Nazi act #39; #39; and warning it could lead to civil war.	4
1	Chirac, Blair Strive for Unity After Iraq  French President Jacques Chirac agreed to disagree with Prime Minister Tony Blair over Iraq on Thursday but pledged full cooperation, from Africa to the Middle East, when 	3
0	Israeli Cabinet Passes Gaza Bill Before Key Vote (Reuters)  Reuters - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's cabinet passed a bill on the nuts and bolts of pulling out of occupied Gaza Sunday, a day before he seeks approval from Israel's parliament for his withdrawal plan.	4
1	Kerry slams Bush for failure of judgment in launching Iraq war  Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry criticized President George W. Bush on Monday for  quot;colossal failures of judgment quot; that could lead to an unending war and create a  quot;crisis of historic proportions.	0 1
1	Sean Penn links dark Nixon film to anger with Bush  His sunglasses were heavy and so was the theme when Sean Penn met the press at the Toronto International Film Festival after screening a dark look at the Nixon era that 	0
0	Is Israel 'Swing State' That Could Tip U.S. Election? (Reuters)  Reuters - In this hillside village known as the "little America" of the West Bank, businessman Abu Mohammed voted for George W. Bush in the last U.S. election but vows not to make the same mistake twice.	0
1	Fight over Arafat #39;s medical records  Yasser Arafat #39;s half brother insisted Saturday the Palestinian people were entitled to know the cause of their leader #39;s death, but Arafat #39;s widow threatened a legal fight over the medical file in an ugly family tug-of-war.	2
1	CBS/New York Times US Poll: Bush 47, Kerry 47  (CPOD) Oct. 5, 2004 - The 2004 United States presidential election is tied, according to a poll by CBS News and the New York Times.	1
0	Ex-Guardsman: I Contacted Kerry Campaign  AUSTIN, Texas - A retired Texas National Guard official mentioned as a possible source for disputed documents about President Bush's service in the Guard said he passed along information to a former senator working with John Kerry's campaign.    Also, a White House official said Saturday that Bush has reviewed disputed documents that purport to show he refused orders to take a physical examination in 1972 and did not recall having seen them previously...	0 1
0	Arafat #39;s Last Threat to Israel?   quot;I think it #39;s very important for our friends, the Israelis, to have a peaceful Palestinian state living on their border. And it #39;s very important for the Palestinian people to have a peaceful 	2
1	Eitam: Disengagement plan is dangerous  Speaking in the Knesset plenum ahead of Tuesday night #39;s crucial vote on the disengagement plan, NRP Chairman Efit Eitam challenged Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  quot;to do the honorable thing and go home.	4
1	Saying sorry becomes a real job #39; for Teresa  Apologizing yesterday for questioning whether first lady Laura Bush ever had a real job, #39; #39; Teresa Heinz Kerry said she had simply forgotten #39; #39; Bush once taught school and had been a librarian.	0 1
1	Republicans Block 9/11 Intell Reforms  WASHINGTON (CBS) In a defeat for President Bush, rebellious House Republicans on Saturday derailed legislation to overhaul the nation #39;s intelligence agencies along lines recommended by the Sept.	0
0	Foreign Policy at Forefront of Debate  BAL HARBOUR, Fla. - Calling President Bush "a very clever debater," Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry says their first appearance together Thursday night will give him the opportunity to be clear with people about where he stands on issues...	0 1
1	Test Failure Sets Back US Missile Defense Plan  President Bush #39;s drive to deploy a multibillion-dollar shield against ballistic missiles was set back on Wednesday by what critics called a stunning failure of its first full flight test in two years.	0
1	Sharon Chief of Staff Says Aim Is to Rule Out Palestinian State  Israel #39;s plan to withdraw from some occupied land aims to rule out a Palestinian state indefinitely, with full US approval, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s chief of staff 	4
0	Blair laughs off concern over health  KHARTOUM: British Prime Minister Tony Blair, days after a heart operation, showed off his health in Sudan #39;s sweltering heat yesterday and sought to limit speculation over his future by reaffirming his intention to serve a full third term.	3
1	Bush rejects Iraq vote delay  President Bush rejected calls for a delay in next month #39;s Iraqi elections, insisting Thursday that the vote was too important to put off even though violence and chaos still grip the country.	0
1	Musharraf Says Pakistan Has al-Qaida on the Run  Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf says he is confident his country is winning the war on terrorism. He spoke after meeting British Prime Minister Tony Blair in London to discuss the war on terrorism and other issues.	3
1	Intentions Versus Reality in Iraq  or months, President Bush has been playing down the findings of David Kay, the first American arms inspector, who debunked the claim that Saddam Hussein had possessed a hoard of weapons of mass destruction ready to use at any moment.	0
0	PM to press Paisley on peace deal  Tony Blair will today put more pressure on the DUP to sign up to a new Ulster peace deal. The prime minister will meet with hardline unionist leader Ian Paisley in Downing Street today having made clear he 	3
0	China criticizes Bush ahead of election  On the eve of the US presidential election, China accused President Bush of trying to  quot;rule over the whole world, quot; saying the invasion of Iraq destroyed the global anti-terrorism 	0
0	Colorado May Be Blueprint for Democrats (AP)  AP - On the campaign trail, Democrat Ken Salazar criticized President Bush, Iraq and the war on terrorism. But the soft-spoken moderate spent just as much time talking about family, faith and the spirituality of his home in Colorado's San Luis Valley.	0
0	Gunmen Abduct, Then Free, Officer in Gaza  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip Sept. 16, 2004 - Gunmen briefly abducted a senior Palestinian security officer Thursday in the latest sign of growing anarchy in the Gaza Strip, and supporters of Yasser Arafat staged 	2
1	Sharon rejects Hamas ceasefire offer  Jerusalem: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has rejected a Hamas ceasfire offer asserting that the army will continue operations in Gaza to insure the safety of Israeli citizens even as five Palestinians, including a Hamas militant, were killed in two 	4
0	Bush Calls on Israel to Impose Settlement Freeze (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush on Tuesday called on Israel to impose a freeze on Jewish settlements in the West Bank and Gaza, taking a harder line on settlement growth than Washington has recently.	0
1	Sharon rejects referendum on pullout  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on Tuesday said he is against a national referendum on his disengagement plan and early elections, the Ha #39;aretz daily reported.	4
0	House Votes to Overturn New OT Rules  WASHINGTON - A House vote to overturn new Bush administration rules on which workers qualify for overtime pay was hailed by Democrats trying to convince undecided voters they are the party that better protects worker rights.    In a sharp rebuke to President Bush, the House voted 223-193 Thursday to stop the Labor Department from carrying out the new rules...	0
0	Close Link to Bush  #39;Is Part of My Job #39; - Blair  Tony Blair defended his close ties with George Bush today as he prepared to fly to Washington for a meeting with the US President.	0
1	Kerry Files Attack Ad Complaint  By Mark Knoller. By Dotty Lynch. (CBS/AP) The Kerry campaign filed a complaint Friday with the Federal Election Commission alleging that the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth, the group behind 	1
0	Bush says main objective in Iraq is free elections  _ President Bush insists it #39;s not a waste of time to try to promote freedom in places like Iraq and other parts of the Middle East.	0
1	Pres. Bush Brings Aid to Hurricane Stricken Florida  On Wednesday, President George W. Bush toured hurricane damaged areas in Florida for the second time this summer. The president joined with his brother, Florida Gov.	0
0	World leaders head to Chile  SANTIAGO, Chile -- A 29-year-old math teacher who goes by the name Patricio says that as soon as President Bush arrives in this South American capital tomorrow, the fighting will begin.	0
0	Australia #39;s Howard targets national security  national security with an unusual plan for an Asia-Pacific spy school to counter terrorist threats. George W. Bush, has moved to tighten the nation #39;s defences and intelligence after the September 11, 2001, attacks on the United States.	0
1	Bush to zero in on taxes and Social Security in second term  Newly re-elected President Bush faces a range of economic challenges including gaping deficits, soaring health care costs and conflicts over trade.	0
1	Letterman Gets Big Ratings Boost from Kerry (Reuters)  Reuters - It's too soon to tell whether the laughs he got from his top-10 list on Monday night will translate into votes, but John Kerry's appearance on CBS' "Late Show with David Letterman" made for great ratings.	1
0	Israeli parliament backs Gaza pullout plan  Israel #39;s parliament ratified Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Gaza withdrawal plan on Tuesday, a pivotal step toward the first evacuation of settlers from occupied territory Palestinians want for a state.	4
0	Bush renews support for Colombia in fighting drug, terrorism  US President George W. Bush on Monday reofferred the backup for Colombian President Alvaro Uribe in his war against drug production and rebels nationwide.	0
1	Sharon backs Blair #39;s London summit plan  The Israeli prime minister, Ariel Sharon, has thrown his weight behind Tony Blair #39;s plans for a London-based Middle East conference early next year, sending him a letter of support.	3 4
1	Sharon vows vote on Gaza plan  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has vowed to put his Gaza withdrawal plan to a parliamentary vote on October 25 despite far-right opposition that threatens to bring down his government.	4
0	Palestinians Transferring Arafat #39;s Financial Power  PARIS -- Palestinian officials are starting to transfer some of Yasser Arafat #39;s power, as the longtime leader #39;s health appears to be deteriorating.	2
0	Bush Vigorously Defends War in Iraq  UNITED NATIONS - President Bush delivered an unapologetic defense of his decision to invade Iraq, telling the United Nations Tuesday that it "helped to deliver the Iraqi people from an outlaw dictator." Later, Bush condemned the beheading of a U.S. hostage by an Islamic militant...	0
0	Bush Marks 9/11 With Quiet Observances  WASHINGTON - President Bush marked the "terrible events" of the Sept. 11 attacks with quiet observances of the third anniversary Saturday and a new call to arms against terrorists who might seek to harm the nation...	0
3	Blair 'is obstacle to Euro vote'  Tony Blair could hinder efforts to winning a "yes" vote in the referendum on the EU constitution, says a leading think tank.	3
1	Kerry hits Bush on lost Ohio jobs  Senator John F. Kerry, putting his own twist on a favorite attack line of the Bush campaign, yesterday accused the president 	0 1
3	Financial World Focuses on Next Fed Chief (AP)  AP - While President Bush is busy putting together his Cabinet for a second term, the financial world's attention is on a job vacancy 14 months away: Who will succeed Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan?	0
0	Arafat intelligence  #39;clueless #39;  Jerusalem - Israel #39;s  quot;clueless quot; head of military intelligence faced media ridicule on Monday after telling cabinet ministers that Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat could either make a full recovery or die.	2
0	Bush wants Annan to stay  US Ambassador to the United Nations John Danforth says the Bush administration has confidence in UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan and is not calling for his resignation.	0
1	Medical pot in a haze  The Supreme Court confronted a dispute yesterday between a liberal state #39;s rights and a zero-tolerance federal anti-drug policy, as a top Bush administration lawyer argued that 	0
0	Kerry Meets With Democratic Leaders (AP)  AP - No longer a presidential candidate but still a voice for the Democrats, Sen. John Kerry met with the party's congressional leadership Tuesday as he moved into the next phase of his political life.	1
0	Taxpayer Money Is Fraction of Campaign (AP)  AP - President Bush and John Kerry have accepted  #36;75 million each in government financing for their campaigns for the White House but tens of millions more will be spent by the parties and partisan interest groups to influence the race.	0 1
1	Bush and Kerry Step Up Fight Over US Security  President Bush and Democratic Sen. John Kerry stepped up a fierce campaign fight over US security on Friday, with Kerry accusing Bush of irresponsible 	0 1
0	U.S. Policies on North Korea Criticized (AP)  AP - The Bush administration's tactics for disarming North Korea are not working, two key U.S. supporters of talks with Pyongyang told Secretary of State Colin Powell this week. But the administration is downplaying a rift with its partners on the sensitive issue  #151; which has been a subject of repeated sparring by President Bush and Democratic opponent John Kerry.	0 1
0	Paris confirms Palestinian leaders cancel visit to Arafat  File photo of Yasser Arafat. French Defense Minister Michele Alliot-Marie announced Monday at French Europe 1 radio that Palestinian leaders have canceled their visit to ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat in Paris.	2
1	Kempthorne could be on short list for EPA post  BOISE -- President Bush nominated Utahs former governor Mike Leavitt to become his secretary of Health and Human Services. Gov.	0
0	Poll: Bush Leads by 11 Points During RNC (AP)  AP - President Bush leads Democrat John Kerry, 52 percent to 41 percent, while independent Ralph Nader got 3 percent in a national poll taken during the Republican National Convention that ended Thursday.	0
1	Bush tells UN  #39;all must fight the murderers #39;  President Bush stressed the importance of spreading freedom in the world and defended his decision to invade Iraq in a speech Tuesday to the UN General Assembly.	0
0	Bush Helps Assemble Soldier Care Packages (AP)  AP - President Bush chipped in Friday at a warehouse that fills care packages for troops overseas, stuffing plastic bags with candy canes, presidential coins, playing cards and other goodies.	0
0	Iraq Expected to Dog Next U.S. President (Reuters)  Reuters - The Iraq war that might have been President Bush's defining glory may instead turn out to be his Achilles heel -- or Democratic candidate Sen. John Kerry's complex inheritance.	0 1
0	Kerry Says Bush Hiding Mobilization Plan (AP)  AP - Democratic Sen. John Kerry on Friday accused the Bush administration of hiding a plan to mobilize more National Guard and Reserve troops after the election while glossing over a worsening conflict in Iraq.	1
0	Pakistan PM set for London talks  Pakistan's President Pervez Musharraf is due in London to hold talks with British Prime Minister Tony Blair.	3
0	Tensions Rise Between Nader, Opponents (AP)  AP - Accusations of dirty tricks are rare in Oregon politics, but Ralph Nader's presidential campaign has sparked charges and countercharges between his campaign and backers of Democratic nominee John Kerry.	1
0	Bush administration change worries Palestinian Authority  The Bush administration has changed its stance on Israeli construction in the West Bank, and now supports development and expansion of existing settlements, according to a New York Times report 	0
1	Presidents, Dignitaries at Arafat Funeral in Cairo  Presidents and dignitaries from more than 50 countries say a last farewell on Friday to late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat in Egypt, his second home and one of his closest allies in years of struggle for a homeland.	2
0	Bush Dismisses Idea That Kerry Lied on Vietnam  President Bus, however, declined to condemn the commercial paid for by a veterans group opposed to John Kerry.	0 1
1	Clarification of adviser #39;s statement  THE GLOBE #39;S Oct. 13 editorial ( quot;Unguarded on Gaza quot;) about comments by Ariel Sharon #39;s adviser, Dov Weisglass, drastically misrepresented his interview with the Israeli daily Haaretz.	4
0	Prisoner-spy swap caps dramatic steps toward improving Israeli-Egyptian ties (Canadian Press)  Canadian Press - CAIRO, Egypt (AP) - In a series of dramatic steps capped Sunday by a high-profile prisoner swap, Israel and Egypt are moving rapidly to improve relations, seizing the opportunity for a Middle East peace deal presented by Yasser Arafat's death.	2
0	Unions Protest New Overtime Regulations  WASHINGTON - Several hundred union members marched outside the Labor Department to protest new overtime pay regulations taking effect Monday, with two senators pledging to roll them back when Congress returns from recess.    Protesters, many wearing union T-shirts, carried signs such as "President Bush: Hands off my overtime pay," and chanted, "Come on all you billionaires, give us wages that are fair."  "The fight is not over yet," said Republican Sen...	0
0	Embattled Sharon Vows to Save Government, Gaza Pullout   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon,  his government in ruins, vowed on Thursday to rebuild it by  recruiting the Labour Party to stave off snap elections and  carry out his Gaza withdrawal plan on schedule in 2005.	4
1	Bush Stepping Up Attacks as Kerry Weighs Response  HILLICOTHE, Ohio, Sept. 10 - As President Bush on Friday leveled one of his strongest attacks on Senator John Kerry #39;s position on Iraq, Kerry advisers said they had agreed on the need to ratchet up their campaign 	0 1
1	Lieberman touted for homeland security chief  US President George W. Bush was being urged yesterday to name a high-profile political adversary - former Democratic vice-presidential candidate Joe Lieberman - as the US #39;s new secretary of homeland security after the weekend withdrawal of his first 	0
1	Bush seen with debate edge over Kerry  US President George W. Bush #39;s ability to stick to a scripted defence of his policies on Iraq and terrorism should give him an edge over Democratic rival Senator John 	0
1	Abbas, Barghouthi Running Even in Palestinian Poll  Former Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas and jailed grassroots leader Marwan Barghouthi are neck-and-neck in the Palestinian presidential election race to replace Yasser Arafat, an opinion poll showed Monday.	2
1	Bin laden warns of 9/11 repeat  Osama bin Laden jolted the US presidential election yesterday with a warning of a new Sept. 11-style attack and brought a unified response from campaign rivals John Kerry and George W. Bush that the United States will not be intimidated.	0 1
1	Kerry Faults Bush for Lapse In Ban on Assault Weapons  John F. Kerry accused President Bush yesterday of making it easier for terrorists to get dangerous weapons by allowing a ban on some semiautomatic firearms to lapse, as he waded 	0 1
0	Bush, Kerry Exchange Bitter Words on Iraq (AP)  AP - President Bush and Democratic rival John Kerry traded biting accusations over the war in Iraq on Monday as early Florida voting produced scattered complaints that stirred memories of the state's chaotic 2000 recount.	0 1
0	South Asia mourns Arafat's death  The death of Yasser Arafat is being mourned across a region which has historically supported his struggle.	2
1	Sharon Urges Palestinians to End Anti-Israel Incitement  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has called on the new Palestinian leadership to show it wants peace by ending propaganda against Israel.	4
0	Kerry Turns Up the Volume With Litany of Critiques for Bush  On the president's handling of Iraq and the war on terror, John Kerry said: "I would have done almost everything differently."	0 1
0	Kerry: Bush Lets Groups Do 'Dirty Work'  BOSTON - Sen. John Kerry accused President Bush on Thursday of relying on front groups to challenge his record of valor in Vietnam, asserting, "He wants them to do his dirty work."   Fighting back, Kerry said if Bush wants to "have a debate about our service in Vietnam, here is my answer: 'Bring it on.'" Bush served stateside in the Texas Air National Guard during the war...	0 1
1	Bush Accuses Kerry of Unreality on Domestic Issues  President Bush charged on Friday that Democratic rival John Kerry fails to recognize reality on hot-button domestic issues from jobs and education to health care and Social Security.	0 1
0	Bush Visits Fla., Gives  $2B in Relief Aid  FORT PIERCE, Fla. - President Bush on Wednesday helped distribute bottled water, bags of ice, food and  $2 billion in federal aid to hurricane-battered residents of this vital electoral state...	0
0	Palestinian struggle for statehood  He might have been able to throw dust in the eye of Mossad, out to cut short his life, and survived fairly long but being mortal Arafat had to finally embrace death.	2
2	Sox ace making pitch for Bush  Boston Red Sox pitcher Curt Schilling - who helped the team capture its first World Series title in 86 years - will campaign with President Bush today at a rally at Pease International Tradeport.	0
0	Poll Shows Tie; Concerns Cited on Both Rivals  Voters hold a critical view of President Bush's record, but they have reservations about Senator John Kerry, according to the latest New York Times/CBS News Poll.	0 1
1	Cheney Praises Bush as Protesters Flood New York  Vice President Dick Cheney, arriving in New York on the eve of the Republican convention on Sunday, praised President Bush #39;s response to the Sept.	0
1	Ramallah burial planned for Arafat  Ramallah, West Bank -- In the West Bank, preparations began Tuesday for Yasser Arafat #39;s funeral, even though Palestinian Foreign Minister Nabil Shaath told a Paris press conference that the Palestinian leader was  quot;very much alive quot; and discussion of his 	2
0	Kerry, Greenspan Differ on Social Security  SEATTLE - John Kerry doesn't talk much about Social Security on the campaign trail, but he laid out some thoughts for a voter in Everett, Wash., who doubted that the government retirement program is really in trouble.   "We've made little fixes, little jots and jags here and there, that have been able to change it," the Democratic presidential candidate said, noting that Social Security has survived 20 years of predictions that its demise is around the corner...	1
3	Dean takes on his image in ad for search engine  As Democrats licked their wounds after President Bush's reelection last week, some turned their thoughts back to Howard Dean, the Democratic firebrand who energized the party with his strident opposition to the war in Iraq and with his Internet-based fund-raising operation.	0
0	Bush Sends Three Nominations to Senate (AP)  AP - President Bush on Monday sent to the Senate his nominations for an assistant secretary of the Navy and two U.S. representatives to the upcoming session of the United Nations.	0
1	Bush and Kerry Try to Win Over Iowa and Its 7 Electoral Votes  The presidential campaigns descended this morning on Iowa, a heavily contested battleground state, as President Bush and Senator John Kerry argued in separate appearances over who was more misguided in the war in Iraq.	0 1
1	Springsteen Leads Stars at Vote for Change Finale   NEW YORK (Billboard) - The Vote for Change tour, a rock 'n'  roll roadshow designed to help oust President Bush, wrapped  Monday with a star-studded finale at Washington, D.C.'s MCI  Center.	0
0	Schwarzenegger and Laura Bush take centre stage at Republican convention (AFP)  AFP - California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger and First Lady Laura Bush will take centre stage at the Republican national convention aimed at securing vital public support for President George W. Bush.	0
0	Bush win opens door to strikes on Iraq rebels: analysts  BAGHDAD, Nov 4 (AFP) - US President George W. Bush #39;s victory could open the door to assaults on Iraqi rebels but may also pave the way to more cooperation with US allies in aiding the war-shattered country #39;s recovery, observers and analysts said Thursday.	0
1	Kerik #39;s demise could be detriment for New York  The swift demise of Bernard Kerik as President Bush #39;s choice to head the Department of Homeland Security has left egg on a lot of faces.	0
0	Protesting Israeli Settlers Irk Sharon  Description: Tens of thousands of Israeli settlers take to the streets of Jerusalem Sunday evening to protest Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to pull out of the Gaza Strip.	4
2	Red Sox make campaign pitches  Sen. John Kerry and President Bush called in baseball figures to pitch for their campaigns Sunday, looking to capitalize on the national pastime.	0 1
3	Blair aiming for  #39;opportunity and security #39;  Tony Blair paid tribute to the chancellor #39;s handling of the economy today and made a pre-election promise to hand more power to the British people.	3
0	Bush Ad: Kerry Has Put U.S. 'At Risk' (AP)  AP - President Bush, preparing for a debate on foreign policy with his Democratic rival, accuses "John Kerry and Congressional liberals" of "putting our protection at risk" in a campaign ad released Tuesday, his second commercial on the issue in two days.	0 1
1	Bush #39;s Medicare reform  J ohn Kerry #39;s relentless attacks against the president #39;s Medicare reform and prescription drug bill are rather brazen for a 19-year senator who didn #39;t even care enough to show up for 36 out of 38 votes on the historic bill, including final passage.	1
1	KIDNAPPED AID WORKER PUTS BLAIR IN A SPOT  KIDNAPPED aid worker Margaret Hassan, in a video aired on Friday, begged British Prime Minister Tony Blair to save her life by scrapping a planned redeployment of troops and pulling them out of Iraq.	3
0	Diagnosis on Arafat Expected in a Few Days  The Palestinian Authority #39;s representative in France says a diagnosis of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s illness will not be available until he undergoes a series of tests that could take several days.	2
1	Pols #39; memo to CBS: Let #39;s investigate  The swirling controversy over President Bush #39;s National Guard service took a bitter partisan turn yesterday as a top GOP lawmaker demanded a congressional probe into disputed memos 	0
0	Sharon allows 1,000 more settler homes in West Bank (updated AM 00:51)  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has approved 1,000 more Israeli settler homes in the occupied West Bank to defuse a ruling party mutiny but the move was likely to anger Washington. 	4
0	Tall Order For A New Palestinian Leader  The passing of Yasser Arafat marked the end of an era. The question is, what new era will now unfold? Elections for a new President of the Palestinian Authority will be held on Jan 9. Even then, it is still 	2
1	Bush Attacks Kerry in Pa. Speech, TV Ad  President Bush Attacks John Kerry in Pa. Speech, Ad, Says Kerry Can #39;t Protect US From Terror. President Bush gestures as he speaks to supporters at a campaign rally at Canton Palace Theatre, Friday, Oct. 22, 2004 in Canton, Ohio.	0 1
0	Europe leverage seems limited in Mideast  As the Palestinians #39; main donor and Israel #39;s top commercial partner, Europe could be a major player in pushing to restart the stalled Middle East peace process in the post-Yasser Arafat era.	2
1	Arafat #39;s health raises questions about Mideast  As Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat clung to life Thursday, many in the West began to hope -- not for his death, but for the possibility that peace might follow it.	2
1	Bush chooses a new team  United States President George Bush completed his re-election triumph Friday by winning the final undeclared state and starting the job of choosing key members of his new administration.	0
1	FOREIGN POLICY Kerry Wants Broader Effort by Bush on Crisis in <b>...</b>  Senator John Kerry called on President Bush on Thursday to take the lead in stopping the killing of civilians in the Darfur region of Sudan by declaring it 	0 1
1	Domestic Issues on The Front Burner  After four years of dramatic foreign policy ventures, President Bush has turned his attention to domestic policy, seeking to leave historic stamps on the graduated tax code, the health 	0
1	Bush Vietnam Service Records May Be Fake  Documents which suggest President George Bush lost his status as a National Guard pilot during the Vietnam war because he fell below Air Force standards and disobeyed an order may be fake, it emerged today.	0
3	Singh asks Left to see US reality  The Hague, Nov. 7: India did not expect any hiccups in its relationship with the US after the re-election of George W. Bush to the presidency, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said here today.	0
0	Powell impressed with Palestinian leaders  MEXICO CITY - Secretary of State Colin Powell on Monday said he was impressed with the way Palestinian leaders are discussing their peoples future while Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is hospitalized in Paris.	2
1	Cheney Praises Bush As Decisive Leader  NEW YORK Sept. 2, 2004 - As President Bush prepared to accept the Republican nomination for a second term, Vice President Dick Cheney portrayed his boss as a decisive commander in chief.	0
1	Kerry sets forth anti-crime plan  Washington -- Sen. John Kerry outlined a  $5 billion anti-crime package Monday and used the day on which the decade-old federal assault weapons ban expired to again rebuke President Bush for what the Democratic 	0 1
0	U.S. Military Deaths in Iraq Pass 1,000  BAGHDAD, Iraq - A spate of attacks including a suicide car bombing pushed the number of U.S. military deaths in the Iraq campaign past 1,000, with the majority inflicted by an insurgency that bloomed after President Bush declared major combat over...	0
1	CBS Plans New Memos Statement  NEW YORK (CBS) CBS News planned Monday to issue a statement about documents purporting to show President Bush neglected some duties when he was in the National Guard more than 30 years ago.	0
0	Famous Blacks Get Out the Vote in Florida (AP)  AP - Black actors including LeVar Burton and Alfre Woodard will join members of Congress crisscrossing Florida by bus this weekend to try to get out the vote for Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry.	1
0	Budget flap jeopardizes Sharons pullout plan  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is facing threats from inside and outside his largest coalition partner that may bring down the Israeli government, which would force the country to hold early elections and suspend his Gaza withdrawal plan.	4
3	Kerry, Bush move focus to economy, jobs, taxes  As the presidential campaign enters its final month, Sen. John Kerry and President Bush on Saturday offered starkly different views of the economy in a deliberate shift from Iraq.	0 1
0	U.S. Urges Israel to Smooth Way for Palestinian Vote   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Secretary of State Colin Powell said  he would press both Israeli and Palestinian leaders for steps  to enable Palestinians to elect a successor to Yasser Arafat,  as he arrived in Israel on Sunday.	2
0	Chaotic Scenes at Arafat Compound Before Burial   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Thousands of Palestinian  mourners flooded into Yasser Arafat's compound and mobbed his  coffin after it arrived for burial on Friday in the area where  Israeli forces trapped him until his final days.	2
0	Bush, Kerry Lob Post-Debate Assaults  LAS VEGAS - President Bush criticized Sen. John Kerry as a liberal trying to hide from his own record Thursday as the two men entered the last, post-debate lap of a close race for the White House...	0 1
0	Sharon vows vote on Gaza plan  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has vowed to put his Gaza withdrawal plan to a parliamentary vote on October 25 despite far-right opposition that threatens to bring down his government.	4
0	Bush vows action over troops' kit  President Bush says claims that US troops going to Iraq have  poor armour protection are being addressed.	0
0	Poll: Kerry Gaining Among Swing Voters (AP)  AP - Democratic Sen. John Kerry gained some ground on President Bush among swing voters in the last month, with several citing the presidential debates as a factor in their shift, according to a poll released Wednesday.	0 1
0	Britain's Blair Faces Heart Op But Vows to Lead On (Reuters)  Reuters - British Prime Minister Tony Blair said he would go into hospital on Friday to correct recurrent heart palpitations, but he vowed to serve a full third term in office if he wins an election expected next year.	3
0	Bush Promises Europe Trip to Heal Divide (AP)  AP - President Bush said Friday he'll carry a message of shared values and goals to Europe during a trip planned after his inauguration, reaching out to those dismayed by the Iraq war and what they see as a go-it-alone foreign policy.	0
0	German Leader Seeks New Start From Bush  Germany #39;s interior minister said it was time to put aside differences with the United States over Iraq and look to the future as President Bush won a second term, but another 	0
0	Bush Signs Bill to Keep Government Going (AP)  AP - President Bush on Sunday signed a stopgap spending bill that keeps the government running while Congress sorts out remaining issues related to a more permanent federal spending package.	0
0	Putin to hold summit with Bush at APEC forum  Moscow, Nov 15 (UNI) Russian President Vladimir Putin will hold summit level talks with his US counterpart George W Bush, on the sidelines of the summit of the leaders of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) forum, in Santiago, Chile, from 	0
1	Sharon rejects settler demands over Gaza withdrawal  JERUSALEM - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on Sunday rejected calls from Jewish settlers to hold a nationwide referendum on his plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip, escalating an increasingly bitter dispute between the one-time allies.	4
0	Opinion Polls Show Bush and Kerry Equal (AP)  AP - National opinion polls show Democratic challenger Sen. John Kerry running even with President George W. Bush just days after the first of their three debates, and less than a month before the Nov. 2 election.	0 1
1	Kerry courts women voters; Bush sharpens jabs  On a day when both candidates raced across the narrowing swing-state map, President Bush said yesterday that Senator John F. Kerry #39;s 	0 1
1	Bush to visit Las Vegas next week to address National Guard group  President Bush is scheduled to return to Nevada next week -- his third trip this year -- to address the annual conference of the National Guard Association of the United States.	0
1	TERRORIST IN ELECTION BID FROM PRISON  JERUSALEM - A terrorist commander serving five life sentences will run from his jail cell in elections to succeed Yasser Arafat -nd has a good chance of winning, his comrades said yesterday.	2
0	Blair outlines Sudan demands  Tony Blair today said the Sudanese government had agreed to a five-point action plan aimed at ending the conflict in Darfur, which has resulted in what the UN describes as the world #39;s worst humanitarian crisis.	3
1	Syrian Troop Redeployment Said Meaningless  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon reacted skeptically on Wednesday to a redeployment of Syrian troops in Lebanon, saying that the move did not mean any real change in Syrian policy.	4
1	Blair Acknowledges Iraq War Divided UK  BRIGHTON, England Sept. 28, 2004 - Prime Minister Tony Blair acknowledged that the war in Iraq has divided Britain but said he had no apologies for helping topple Saddam Hussein in a speech Tuesday to his 	3
1	Bush Signs Bill to Revamp US Intelligence Community  President Bush today signed the bill that will revamp the country #39;s intelligence community more dramatically than any measure in more than a half-century.	0
1	Blair to return to work after successful surgery  LONDON -- Prime Minister Tony Blair arrived home yesterday after undergoing a successful operation to correct an irregular heartbeat.	3
0	Israeli MPs Reject Sharon Speech on Gaza Pullout   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's parliament on Monday voted  to reject a session-opening speech by Prime Minister Ariel  Sharon, dealing a symbolic setback to his disputed plan to  withdraw from some occupied territory.	4
0	Gaza violence dents hopes of Mideast peace  JERUSALEM: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon says that any peace talks with Palestinian leaders depend on whether they can rein in militants, who killed five Israeli soldiers in Gaza in an attack on Sunday.	4
0	Abbas Vows No Retreat from Arafat Refugee Demand   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian presidential  favorite Mahmoud Abbas vowed on Tuesday never to give up the  late Yasser Arafat's bedrock demand that Israel recognize a  "right of return" of Palestinian refugees.	2
0	Palestinian Minister to Israel: We Want Peace   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - A Palestinian cabinet  minister told Israel on Friday "we want peace" and urged the  Jewish state to pull back troops from Palestinian cities to  assist elections after Yasser Arafat's death.	2
1	CBS, Rather admit mistake in judgment over Bush docs  Earlier this week, amid controversy over the validity of the recently released documents saying President Bush skirted his military duty in Texas, CBS News said they can now longer confirm that the memos from Col.	0
1	Attacks sharpen as race winds down  With a week to go until the election, Democratic presidential nominee Sen. John Kerry accused President Bush yesterday of hiding embarrassments in Iraq 	0 1
0	Arafat Has Liver Failure, Palestinian Official Says (Reuters)  Reuters - Palestinian President Yasser Arafat has liver failure and his condition is not improving, a Palestinian official said on Sunday.	2
0	Arafat health drama: a symbol of Israels imprisonment of the <b>...</b>  The serious deterioration in the health of Yasser Arafat, President of the Palestinian National Authority, has brought to the attention of the world something consciously concealed by the western 	2
0	Kerry Lesbian Remark Angers Cheneys  WASHINGTON - Dick Cheney and his wife say they are angry at John Kerry for invoking their lesbian daughter during the final presidential debate. Kerry says he was just trying to say something nice about how the Cheneys have dealt with the issue and meant no offense...	1
0	India lauds Arafat's lifetime devotion to Palestinian cause (AFP)  AFP - President A.P.J. Abdul Kalam led India's condolences on the death of Yasser Arafat, praising the Palestinian leader's lifetime devotion to his people.	2
0	Sharon Coalition in Jeopardy After Loss in Budget Vote   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  crashed to defeat in a parliamentary budget vote on Wednesday  likely to shatter his coalition and endanger his plan to  withdraw from occupied Gaza.	4
0	Kerry Faults Bush for End of Assault Weapons Ban  The Democratic challenger outlined his own  $5 billion plan to fight crime and picked up the endorsement of a coalition of police unions.	1
0	AdWatch: Bush Touts Job Creation in TV Ad (AP)  AP - Details of a new television ad from President Bush that begins airing this week:	0
0	Blair Undergoes Treatment for Irregular Heartbeat, Sets Off <b>...</b>  British Prime Minister Tony Blair entered a hospital Friday for a procedure to remedy an irregular heartbeat. He says the treatment is routine and expects to return to work on Monday.	3
1	New Bush Cabinet Seen as Move for More Harmony and Control  WASHINGTON, Nov. 16 - President Bush has instructed his new national security team to end the running battles between the State and Defense departments and the Central Intelligence Agency, and to extend his 	0
0	Distrust on Arafat's demise  RAMALLAH, West Bank -- Yasser Arafat's nephew said yesterday his uncle may have died an  quot;unnatural quot; death, a statement certain to renew speculation among Palestinians and in the rest of the Arab world where many already believe the late leader was poisoned despite Israel's repeated and vehement denials.	2
0	Sharon's Likud Rejects Coalition Bid--First Returns (Reuters)  Reuters - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's right-wing Likud party voted Wednesday to bar a coalition with center-left Labor that he seeks to advance his Gaza withdrawal plan, according to early returns.	4
0	Sharon to fight back for Gaza pullout plan after being forced into <b>...</b>  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s bumpy road of his disengagement plan has restarted with a somewhat surprise defeat in the opening of the Knesset #39;s winter session.	4
0	Clinton to woo voters for Kerry  Former US president Bill Clinton will aim to boost John Kerry's White House bid in Pennsylvania later on Monday.	1
1	Rumsfeld agrees to stay on as defense chief  President Bush has persuaded Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld to stay on amid criticism of the postwar situation in Iraq, a steady presence in a Cabinet undergoing a wholesale makeover.	0
1	Bush and Kerry Trade Barbs in Fla., Ohio  President Bush and his wife Laura arrive on stage at a campaign rally in Daytona Beach, Fla. Saturday, Oct. 16, 2004.(AP Photo/Peter Cosgrove).	0
1	Pandering is contagious  NOT ONLY did President Bush and Sen. John Kerry drop the ball on the issue of health care in Wednesday night #39;s presidential debate, but even moderator Bob Schieffer got it wrong when he said of health care,  quot;We #39;re paying more.	0 1
0	Blair Urges End of Darfur Slaughter  Prime Minister Tony Blair today urged the government of Sudan to adopt a five-point plan designed to help end the slaughter in Darfur and ease the humanitarian crisis there.	3
0	CBS to Name Panel to Exam Bush Guard Story  NEW YORK - Within the next few days, CBS News expects to name an independent panel of experts to scrutinize its reporting of President Bush's National Guard service after its defenses for airing the explosive story crumbled.    Eleven days after questions surfaced about Dan Rather's "60 Minutes" report, the network apologized Monday and said it could not vouch for the authenticity of documents impugning the president's Guard service...	0
1	Election results from the West, at a glance  PRESIDENT (3) -- Only one Democrat has taken Alaska since it became a state -- Lyndon Johnson in 1964. Bush, for sure. SENATE -- Republican Lisa Murkowski in tough race with former governor Tony Knowles; many 	0
0	Kerry and Bush Tangle on Explosives, Character (Reuters)  Reuters - Democratic Sen. John Kerry attacked President Bush's "shifting explanations" on missing explosives in Iraq on Thursday, but Bush said Kerry lacked the conviction and consistency to lead the nation at a time of war.	0 1
1	Football Game Could Lead to Kerry Win  According to Sunday #39;s NFL results, John Kerry is the odds-on favourite to win the US Election. The Washington Redskins loss on Sunday could mean the Democrat will win the election.	1
0	Bush Nominates New Federal Judge for N.Y. (AP)  AP - President Bush nominated telecommunications executive Paul Crotty on Tuesday to be a U.S. district judge in the Southern District of New York. If confirmed by the Senate, Crotty would replace Harold Baer Jr., who is retiring.	0
1	Kerry, Dems divided on GOP #39;s spy fix  Washington -- Congressional Democrats on Monday blasted the Senate Intelligence Committee chairman #39;s proposal for breaking up the CIA and Defense Department spying operations, while the party #39;s presidential nominee, Sen. John Kerry, praised it.	1
0	Gaza Violence Dents Hopes of Middle East Peace  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said on Monday that any peace talks with Palestinian leaders depended on whether they could rein in militants, who killed five Israeli soldiers in Gaza in an attack on Sunday.	4
1	More Musicians Trying to Unseat Bush (AP)  AP - The coalition of the willing-to-rock is growing. Sheryl Crow, Jack Johnson and Crosby, Stills  amp; Nash have joined the nearly 20 other musicians trying to unseat President Bush in November.	0
0	Arafat #39;s death may bring peace to Mid East  The devil dancing in the Middle East is dead. After Arafat used his life to deny Palestinians a national state, Palestinians will now have the chance to use Arafat #39;s death to usher in a new era of compromise.	2
0	President Feels Emboldened, Not Accidental, After Victory  President Bush is reveling in winning the popular vote and feels he can no longer be considered a one-term accident of history.	0
1	Arafat Arrives in Paris for Treatment  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, center, is escorted from a Jordanian military helicopter to a French hospital plane at the Jordanian military airbase in Amman, Jordan, Friday Oct. 29.	2
1	Britain Agrees to US Troops Request  In a step fraught with risks for Prime Minister Tony Blair, Britain agreed Thursday to send 850 of its soldiers from relatively peaceful southern Iraq to a volatile area near Baghdad 	3
2	USOC Asks Bush to Pull Ad  The United States Olympic Committee asks President George W. Bush's re-election campaign to pull a television ad that mentions the Olympics.	0
0	Arafat Relative Attacked, Escapes Unhurt (AP)  AP - A top Palestinian security leader and relative of Yasser Arafat escaped unharmed when a car bomb exploded near his convoy in Gaza City, the latest sign of growing chaos as Israel's planned Gaza pullout nears. Israel, meanwhile, expanded its military operation in northern Gaza.	2
0	Bush and Kerry Clash on Taxes, Health Care (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush and Democratic Sen. John Kerry battled over health care, jobs and taxes in their final debate on Wednesday, with Bush criticizing Kerry's "far-left" Senate record and Kerry arguing the middle class had lost ground under the president.	0 1
0	Arafat kin to get medical file  LONDON -- Nearly a week after his death, speculation still swirls around what killed Yasser Arafat. Cirrhosis of the liver, AIDS, a blood disorder, or poisoning are frequently mentioned in unconfirmed reports -- as little is publicly known about the medical condition that landed the Palestinian leader in a French hospital.	2
0	Bush tells Musharraf he will focus on Mideast issue (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush told visiting Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf he would make the creation of a Palestinian state a central priority of his second term in office.	0
0	Sharon #39;s Life in Danger  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, the architect of the Gaza withdrawal plan, has reportedly been threatened and has been put under tight security after harsh reactions by religious groups.	4
1	Bush Leads Kerry by 11 Points at Convention in Poll (Update1)  President George W. Bush opened an 11- percentage point lead in his re-election race against Democrat John Kerry, according to a Time magazine poll taken during the Republican National Convention this week.	0
0	Gaza Gunmen Free Top Security Official-Witnesses   GAZA (Reuters) - Palestinian gunmen freed a top security  official on Thursday hours after abducting him in the Gaza  Strip in a fresh challenge to President Yasser Arafat's rule  amid a wave of unrest, witnesses said.	2
1	Bush Taps Gonzales for Attorney General Post  WASHINGTON - US President George W. Bush on Wednesday tapped the White House general counsel for the post of attorney general, US broadcaster CNN reported.	0
0	Bush Calls McCain About Ads by Outside Groups  The White House announced today that the president wanted to work with Senator John McCain to pursue court action against political ads by 527 groups.	0
1	Breast cancer  Elizabeth Edwards was diagnosed with breast cancer last week, the day her husband conceded that he and John Kerry had lost their quest for the White House.	1
0	Two Anti-Kerry Vets Tapped for VA Panel  WASHINGTON - Two former Vietnam prisoners of war who appear in ads attacking Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry were appointed by the Bush administration to a panel advising the Department of Veterans Affairs.    The former POWs in the ad, Kenneth Cordier and Paul Galanti, serve on the VA's 12-member Former POW Advisory Committee...	1
0	N.Korea Hurls Abuse at Bush, Calls Him Human Trash   SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea hurled invective at President  Bush for a second day on Tuesday, calling him a political idiot  and human trash, and said six-party talks on Pyongyang's  nuclear ambitions appeared doomed.	0
1	Old warriors, old war: Down  #39;n #39; dirty politics  US Sen. John Kerry, aging naval officer from the Vietnam War, wants voters to view him as a decorated veteran. However, he is under intense enemy fire in a modern-day war -- one for the US presidency -- and 	1
0	Bush, Cheney to Meet With Economy Experts (AP)  AP - A two-day White House-sponsored conference on the economy is aimed at boosting President Bush's proposals for more tax cuts, freer trade, tort reform and Social Security changes.	0
0	3 Israelis die when teen blows himself up  TEL AVIV, Israel -- A 16-year-old Palestinian blew himself up in an outdoor market Monday, killing three Israelis and wounding 32 others, in the first suicide bombing since Yasser Arafat, the Palestinian Authority president, left the region for urgent 	2
0	CBS Defends Report on Bush Guard Memos (AP)  AP - CBS News mounted an aggressive defense Friday of its report about President Bush's service in the Air National Guard, with anchor Dan Rather saying broadcast memos questioned by forensic experts came from "what we consider to be solid sources."	0
0	PA officials slam Sharon #39;s statements  Gaza, Gaza, Aug. 17 (UPI) -- Palestinian officials have criticized Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s statements that Israel will expand Jewish settlements on the West Bank. 	4
1	Kerry Lashes Out at Republican Convention Criticism  Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry spoke at a late night rally Thursday, timed to begin right after President Bush #39;s address marking the end of the Republican National Convention.	0 1
1	Bush Steps Up Criticism of Kerry  Hoping to quickly regain his momentum, President Bush unleashed a blistering, double-barreled attack on Sen. John F. Kerry today, denouncing the Massachusetts 	0
1	Moves toward moderation in Mideast  One month after Yasser Arafat #39;s death, realignments on both sides of the Palestinian-Israeli divide are raising fragile hopes for a mutual retreat from four years of fighting.	2
0	GOP Invokes 9/11 to Make Case for Bush  NEW YORK - Republicans opened their convention by invoking the memory of the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks - the World Trade Center stood about four miles south of Madison Square Garden - as a test of President Bush's mettle as a strong and decisive leader...	0
0	Palestinians Hope to See Ailing Arafat Despite Row   PARIS (Reuters) - Senior Palestinian officials hope to see  Yasser Arafat in a French hospital on Tuesday after traveling  to Paris despite a war of words with the Palestinian  president's wife.	2
1	You Call That a Major Policy Address?  In a week of devastating revelations about his Iraq policies, Bush has nothing new to say. By Fred Kaplan. Did CNN and MSNBC get hoodwinked this morning?	0
1	Fickle polls give little away Bush way ahead or just behind <b>...</b>  Depending on which poll you like, President George Bush is ahead of Democratic Sen. John Kerry in the race for president by 13 percentage points, has a solid nine-point lead, is losing by a single point or is clinging to a one-point advantage.	0 1
0	Israeli Coalition Crisis May Force Early Election  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s shaky coalition Tuesday faced collapse in a row over the 2005 budget, raising the prospect of early elections that would endanger his plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip.	4
0	Abbas Set to Win Palestinian Vote, Barghouthi Drops Out  Moderate Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas #39;s chances of winning a presidential election to replace Yasser Arafat appeared to be sealed after his main rival Marwan Barghouthi pulled out of the race.	2
0	Bush Administration Breaks Silence to Back Annan  The Bush administration expressed confidence in UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan on Thursday and said he should stay in office, in a belated rebuff to demands from Republicans in Congress for his resignation.	0
1	Prop 71: The New Gold Rush  Scientists around the country who study embryonic stem cells may be mourning four more years of President Bush #39;s restrictive funding policy, but California scientists are throwing a party, and top researchers in less-funded states are hoping for 	0
1	Florida voters urged to cast ballots early starting today  The deciding votes in this critical battleground state could be cast long before President George W Bush and challenger John Kerry make their final pleas to voters.	1
1	NAME: Michael O. Leavitt  WASHINGTON - President Bush on Monday tapped the administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, Michael Leavitt, to serve as secretary of Health and Human Services.	0
1	Kerry still has one advantage: He #39;s not Bush  Democrats need to get a grip on themselves. John Kerry is not down for the count. He still has a good chance to capture the presidency on Nov. 2, even though the 	1
1	Bush Wants Baseball to Work Out Steroids Problem  President Bush wants Major League Baseball management and players to come up with a tough steroids testing program on their own and believes progress is being made, his spokesman said on Wednesday.	0
0	Bush: Terrorists May Plan More Attacks  WASHINGTON - Denying he has painted too rosy a picture about Iraq, President Bush said Thursday he would consider sending more troops if asked, but Iraq's interim leader firmly said they weren't needed. With violence spreading, Defense Secretary Donald H...	0
1	Bush CIA Pick Says Not Too Biased for Job  The Republican congressman chosen by President Bush to head the CIA sought on Tuesday to assure Democrats that he would leave politics behind and lead the spy agency in a nonpartisan manner.	0
3	U.S.'s Snow Won't Discuss His Job Future (Reuters)  Reuters - Treasury Secretary John Snow on Friday said that any discussion about whether he continues in his post or quits was a matter between himself and President Bush.	0
0	Sharon tells army to prepare to leave Gaza under fire  JERUSALEM: Prime Minister Ariel Sharon ordered the Israeli Army to prepare itself for an evacuation under fire from the Gaza Strip where a Palestinian militant was shot dead in a botched bombing Sunday.	4
1	Democrats question what went wrong  As John Kerry basked Wednesday in the final applause of his failed campaign, at a packed gathering in Boston that was nothing short of funereal, supporters shivered in the cold outside and wondered what went wrong.	1
0	Rumsfeld Eyes End of Iraq War  Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld expressed hope Monday, but did not explicitly predict, that American troops would be out of Iraq by the end of President Bush's second term.	0
0	Blair, Chirac try to put Iraq war behind them (AFP)  AFP - British Prime Minister Tony Blair and French President Jacques Chirac called for  quot;a stable and democratic Iraq quot; as well as urgent efforts to end the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.	3
0	Our prayers with Arafat in Paris hospital  The Palestinian President, Yasser Arafat, is undergoing emergency treatment in a Paris hospital since being evacuated from his Israeli-besieged home apparently in serious health condition.	2
1	Bush Agenda: Bold but Blurry  While outlining an ambitious and aggressive agenda for his second term yesterday, President Bush didn #39;t provide new detail that would help bring more definition to the generally hazy plans that he framed during his campaign.	0
1	Kerry Defends His Reference to Cheney #39;s Lesbian Daughter  Senator John Kerry said yesterday that his reference to Vice President Dick Cheney #39;s lesbian daughter Mary in this week #39;s debate was made  quot;constructively and respectfully, quot; even as the White 	1
0	Bush, Kerry Campaign for Senior Votes (AP)  AP - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry vied for the senior vote Tuesday, swapping charges over Social Security and a looming shortage of flu vaccine two weeks before Election Day.	0 1
0	Sharon courts allies after voting setback  JERUSALEMPrime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel, described by aides as more angry than embarrassed over parliament #39;s symbolic repudiation of his term-opening speech, moved yesterday to renew discussions with opposition parties aimed at expanding his 	4
0	Israel Kills Top Hamas Rocket Maker in Gaza Strike   GAZA (Reuters) - Israel killed the top bombmaker and rocket  engineer of the Hamas militant group on Thursday in an  airstrike in Gaza City, days before a key parliamentary vote on  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's Gaza pullout plan.	4
0	Sharon takes hard line on Palestinian rockets  JERUSALEM Prime Minister Ariel Sharon warned on Sunday that Israel would retaliate against Palestinian rockets, even if they were fired from civilian areas, and an arms manufacturer said Israel had installed a radar system in a border town to warn of such 	4
1	Israeli cabinet passes Gaza bill  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s cabinet has passed a bill on the nuts and bolts of pulling out of occupied Gaza, a day before he seeks approval from Israel #39;s parliament for his withdrawal plan.	4
0	Blair to Undergo 'Routine' Heart Procedure  LONDON - British Prime Minister was to undergo a "routine" medical procedure Friday to correct an irregular heartbeat, the second time in about a year doctors have tended to the condition.    Hoping to reassure the public, Tony Blair also announced that he intends to serve a full third term if his party is re-elected in national elections expected next year...	3
0	Bush-Martin back-slapping can't hide ideological divide (Canadian Press)  Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Two days of friendly banter couldn't bridge the chasm separating George W. Bush and Paul Martin in style, substance and worldview.	0
0	Sharon Says Gaza Settlers to Leave Homes  JERUSALEM - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon late Thursday ordered a troop pullout from a refugee camp, defense officials said, signaling that a two-week offensive in northern Gaza that has left more than 100 Palestinians dead could be easing.    The move came hours after Sharon announced that all 8,200 Jewish settlers will be pulled out of the Gaza Strip starting next summer and the operation will last 12 weeks...	4
1	Kerry war record row claims casualty  The row about John Kerry #39;s war record has become more heated with the resignation of a Bush campaign adviser after it emerged that he had appeared in a commercial made by the Swift Boat Veterans 	1
0	Arafat laid to rest amid tumult, grief   RAMALLAH, West Bank -- Yasser Arafat was laid to an uneasy rest yesterday as impassioned young supporters vowed not to compromise with Israel and as rumors of foul play in Arafat's death threatened to undercut the standing of his successors.	2
0	Bush Vows No Letup in Iraq, War on Terror  President Bush arrives at his press conference at the Eisenhower Executive Office Building of the White House, Thursday, Nov. 4, 2004 in Washington.	0
0	CBS Apologizes Over Bush Guard Duty Memos  NEW YORK - CBS News apologized Monday for a "mistake in judgment" in its story questioning President Bush's National Guard service, claiming it was misled by the source of documents that several experts have dismissed as fakes.    The network said it would appoint an independent panel to look at its reporting about the memos...	0
0	Sharon grapples to save Israeli government  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is desperately trying to save his government after he sacked his main coalition partner yesterday.	4
0	Bush Getting Fourth Annual Physical (AP)  AP - President Bush is undergoing the fourth physical of his presidency after a four-month delay of his usual summertime annual checkup that the White House says has a perfectly benign explanation  #151; scheduling conflicts.	0
0	Rove: U.S. Has Moved in GOP Direction (AP)  AP - Reflecting on how he delivered President Bush his second term, White House political adviser Karl Rove admitted Sunday that John Kerry's vote for, then against, funding in Iraq and Afghanistan was the "gift that kept on giving."	0 1
0	Bush Blasts Kerry, Signs Tax Bill in Iowa (AP)  AP - President Bush said Monday that rival John Kerry's foreign policy stands "are dangerous for world peace," leveling some of his harshest criticism of the campaign during a trip to an important battleground state. Bush also signed tax relief legislation for 94 million Americans and hit Kerry on that issue, too.	0 1
0	EU leaders express solidarity with Palestinians  European Union leaders on Friday expressed solidarity with the Palestinians and pledged to re-launch Mideast peace efforts, as Yasser Arafat clings to life in a Paris hospital.	2
0	Stations Get E-Mails to Oust Dan Rather  NEW YORK - Station managers at several CBS affiliates said Thursday they appear to be a target of a national e-mail campaign placing pressure on the network to oust Dan Rather as anchorman of the "CBS Evening News."   The anger stems from Rather's role in a "60 Minutes" report on President Bush's service in the National Guard. CBS has apologized for reporting on documents critical of Bush's service, widely assumed now as fakes, and appointed a panel to investigate what went wrong in the report...	0
0	Arafat #39;s Condition Subject to Conflicting Reports  There were conflicting reports Thursday about the state of Yasser Arafat #39;s health. There was some speculation that he may have died, but the rumors were quickly denied by officials at the French 	2
0	Israeli Soldiers Urged to Disobey Order (AP)  AP - A group of prominent Israeli hard-liners urged soldiers Thursday to disobey orders to dismantle Jewish settlements, widening the bitter divisions over Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip and parts of the West Bank.	4
1	Bush, Kerry Battle Over Iraq in Lively Debate  President Bush and Democratic rival John Kerry battled over Iraq in a fierce debate on Thursday, with an aggressive Kerry accusing 	0 1
0	Bush enforces new US diplomacy (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush has rewritten US foreign policy during four years at the White House, with the war on terror now taking priority and doubt cast on some traditional alliances.	0
1	Arafat orders release of kidnapped CNN producer  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat has ordered his security services to help secure the release of a CNN producer kidnapped by Palestinian militants in Gaza.	2
0	UN Urged to Ignore Bush Plea for Human Cloning Ban (Reuters)  Reuters - Britain's national academy of science urged the United Nations on Monday to ignore a call by President Bush to ban all forms of human cloning.	0
0	French doctors check Arafat for virus  French doctors are checking Yasser Arafat for viral infection after tests ruled out leukaemia and any other life-threatening illness, aides to the Palestinian leader said today.	2
1	In Bush #39;s Words:  #39;Very Firm #39; on Iraqi Election Date  Following is a transcript of President Bush #39;s remarks on Iraq today during an appearance with President Olusegun Obasanjo of Nigeria, as provided by e-Media.	0
0	Kerry Camp Begins Drive for Women Voters (Reuters)  Reuters - John Kerry's campaign on Thursday opened a drive to reach undecided and politically indifferent women voters, hoping they might boost the Massachusetts senator's bid to unseat President Bush in November.	0 1
1	Bush phones DUP chief Paisely  US President George W. Bush has tried to help break a deadlock in the Northern Ireland peace process, telephoning Protestant leader Ian Paisley as negotiations ground on in London and Belfast.	0
0	Blair pushes Darfur accord  KHARTOUMSudan has agreed to a joint withdrawal of government and rebel forces from Darfur and to boost the number of international ceasefire monitors in the province, British Prime Minister Tony Blair said yesterday.	3
0	Trade to Dominate Bush's Farm Agenda (AP)  AP - President Bush will begin a second term barely a year after the United States had its first case of mad cow disease and as Japan and other countries maintain bans on U.S. beef.	0
0	Blair was warned of post-war chaos  Prime Minister Tony Blair was warned by top government officials, including his foreign secretary, a year before invading Iraq that chaos could follow the war, the Daily Telegraph says.	3
1	Records don #39;t indicate cause of Arafat #39;s death   #39;Two central points remain: There is no clear diagnosis of the reason for the death; and the toxicological tests were made, and no known poison was found.	2
0	Kerry Urges Bush to Demand Attacks Stop  EAST HAMPTON, N.Y. - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry on Saturday night urged President Bush to "stand up and stop" what he called personal attacks on him over his combat record in Vietnam...	0 1
1	Bush Says It #39;s Kerry Misleading Americans  WAUSAU, Wis. Oct. 7, 2004 - President Bush took a sharp jab at his Democratic opponent on Thursday, saying John Kerry and not the White House was misleading the country about the war in Iraq.	0 1
0	2004 Deficit Hits Record  $214 Billion  WASHINGTON - The federal deficit surged to a record  $413 billion in 2004, the Treasury Department announced Thursday, injecting the figure into a presidential campaign in which the two parties have clashed over President Bush's management of the economy and the budget.    The number was a significant improvement from the shortfalls that analysts projected earlier this year, including a  $521 billion estimate the Bush administration made in February...	0
0	White House fires back on North Korea (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush's chief spokesman warned that Democratic White House hopeful John Kerry would, if elected, take  quot;a failed approach quot; to ending North Korea's nuclear programs.	0 1
0	Review Finds More Bush Military Records  WASHINGTON - Weeks after Texas National Guard officials signed an oath swearing they had turned over all of President Bush's military records, independent examiners found more than two dozen pages of previously unreleased documents about Bush.    The two retired Army lawyers went through Texas files under an agreement between the Texas Guard and The Associated Press, which sued to gain access to the files...	0
0	A surrender to Sharon  WITH THE WORLD #39;S attention focused on Athens and Najaf, Israel #39;s Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is bent on expanding settlements in the West Bank by more than 1,000 new apartments and has plans for 1,000 more.	4
0	Doctors treat an ailing Arafat  JERUSALEM Doctors were arriving from Arab countries to treat the ailing Yasser Arafat at his West Bank compound on Thursday, though associates said he had stabilized and was well enough to recite Muslim prayers.	2
1	Report:  #39;Arafat Opened His Eyes #39;  Doctors at a French military hospital near Paris say Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat remains in a coma, in critical but stable condition.	2
0	Arafat's Heart Functioning - Palestinian Minister   PARIS (Reuters) - Palestinian President Yasser Arafat was  very ill but his brain, heart and lungs were still functioning,  Palestinian Foreign Minister Nabil Shaath said.	2
0	Grim Reminder for Bush as Iraq Savagery Continues  Gunmen in Iraq kidnapped a Lebanese-American businessman today - the second US citizen seized this week in Baghdad -s the countrys almost daily routine of kidnapping and murder continued.	0
1	Bush #39;s economic claims not holding-up  In a huge surprise to no one (no one that cares, at least), Bush #39;s claims on the state of our economy are contradicted by the Census Bureau #39;s numbers.	0
1	Bush Confronts New Challenge on Issue of Iran  While assembling a new national security team, President Bush is confronting what could become the biggest challenge of his second term: how to contain Iran #39;s 	0
0	Italian Official: Kerry Changes His Mind Too Much (Reuters)  Reuters - John Kerry will not alter U.S. policy in Iraq if elected president, but his apparent habit of changing his mind is worrying, said Italy's defense minister, who has proved a staunch supporter of George W. Bush.	0 1
0	Israel  #39;dismayed #39; at Spain #39;s reaction  Israeli officials expressed  quot;shock and dismay quot; at an official Spanish statement following Palestinian Authority Chairman Yasser Arafat #39;s death, which called him  quot;one of the most relevant leaders of our time.	2
0	Putin losing patience with US advice  Russian President Vladimir Putin has a succinct message for US President George W. Bush #39;s administration: Stop the lectures on how he should deal with his Chechen problem.	0
0	Bush Names Hawkish Rice Top U.S. Diplomat (AP)  AP - President Bush on Tuesday picked National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice, who once tutored him on global affairs, to be his top diplomat, saying her foreign-policy experience and struggle against racism uniquely qualified her to be America's "face to the world" as secretary of state.	0
0	Sharon: Israel Will Expand Gaza Offensive  JEBALIYA REFUGEE CAMP, Gaza Strip - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon vowed Sunday to expand Israel's deadliest offensive in Gaza in four years and to stay as long as needed to stop Palestinian rocket attacks, as the campaign continued, with Israeli aircraft blasting Palestinian militants.    An Israeli aircraft struck a group of Palestinian militants in Gaza City, killing two, just moments after they fired a rocket at Israel from the back of a donkey cart...	4
0	Chirac, other European leaders try to make nice  Paris -- The tone was a stark contrast to years of rancor.  quot;Dear George, quot; began the congratulatory letter faxed to the White House Wednesday by French President Jacques Chirac, President Bush #39;s most bitter critic in Europe.	0
1	Kerry, Bush Camps Quibble Over Podium Lights  A last-minute flap blew up on Thursday at the presidential debate site over timer lights on the candidates #39; podiums, in a sign of how important each campaign saw every detail of the encounter.	1
0	Going to Bush Rally, Finding Strings Attached  The Bush campaign has pressed rally audiences to work as foot soldiers, before, during and immediately after Bush events.	0
0	N.Korea not keen on 6-way nuclear talks  North Korea has said an early resumption of six-party talks on its nuclear arms programme will be difficult, and it wants to see how US President George W. Bush deals 	0
1	Bush, Kerry reach across party lines to attack on national <b>...</b>  President Bush and Sen. John Kerry accused each other of lacking the hard-nosed resolve of Cold War presidents -- from Democrat Truman to Republican Reagan -- reaching across party lines 	0 1
0	Sharon Gov't Partner Quitting Over Gaza Pullout (Reuters)  Reuters - Israel's pro-settler National Religious Party (NRP) decided on Monday to quit Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's government in protest at his Gaza pullout plan.	4
0	Sharon in jeopardy after loss on budget  JERUSALEM - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon crashed to defeat in a parliamentary budget vote Wednesday and fired his main coalition partner, signaling the potential collapse of his government and endangering his plan to withdraw from occupied Gaza.	4
1	Bush picks Hispanic executive as commerce secretary  WASHINGTON: President George W. Bush on Monday nominated the Cuban-born chief executive of the food giant Kellogg to serve as commerce secretary and to promote US business at a time  quot;of historic opportunity for our changing economy.	0
0	Abbas Set to Win Palestinian Vote   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Moderate Palestinian leader  Mahmoud Abbas's chances of winning a presidential election to  replace Yasser Arafat appeared to be sealed after his main  rival Marwan Barghouthi pulled out of the race.	2
1	House Overwhelmingly Approves Broad Overhaul of Intelligence  The House voted overwhelmingly on Tuesday to approve the sweeping intelligence-overhaul bill sought by President Bush and the independent Sept.	0
0	Blair arrives for heart treatment  British Prime Minister Tony Blair has been admitted to a West London hospital morning to undergo what he called  quot;a routine procedure quot; to correct the return of a heart flutter he first experienced last year.	3
1	CBS Producer on Thin Ice After Guard Story (AP)  AP - The fallout from CBS's doomed story about President Bush's National Guard service most endangers a woman few viewers know but who played a key role in two of the biggest television stories of the year.	0
1	House a lock for GOP, as Dems pin hopes on Senate  Republicans are poised to renew their grip on the House on Tuesday, and Democrats #39; faint hopes of a Senate takeover hinge on close races in a string of southern and western states that favor President Bush.	0
1	Israeli-Egyptian relations soften  In the boldest sign of a thaw following the death of Yasser Arafat, Egypt will collaborate with Israel in new industrial zones and may soon return its ambassador to Israel.	2
0	Seven Palestinians Killed in Gaza Clashes  BEIT LAHIA, Gaza Strip Sept. 9, 2004 - Yasser Arafat #39;s expulsion is  quot;closer than ever, quot; the Israeli foreign minister said in remarks broadcast Thursday, and seven Palestinians were killed and 27 wounded 	2
0	Veteran associates stand in for Arafat  Ailing Palestinian President Yasser Arafat #39;s powers have been temporarily passed to two veteran associates -- both have served under him as prime minister -- until he recovers or dies, officials say.	2
1	Bush, Kerry Spar on Science, Health Care  Sen. John Kerry on Thursday accused President Bush of slowing scientific advancement after earning a special endorsement from the widow of actor Christopher Reeve, while Bush criticized 	0 1
0	Shalom: Israel must prepare for Arafat #39;s death  Israeli FM says his country #39;s aim is to be ready for the day after Arafat who is suffering from mysterious illness. JERUSALEM - Israel must prepare for the death of veteran Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat 	2
0	Bush Campaign Trail Stops at White House  WASHINGTON - Enmeshed in his re-election campaign, President Bush rarely spends a full day at the White House. But even when he does, presidential politics and campaign pitches remain close at hand...	0
1	Sharon invites Labor Party into coalition  JERUSALEM A spokesman for Israel #39;s Labor Party says Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon (ah-ree-EL #39; shah-ROHN #39;) is inviting his traditional rival into the government coalition.	4
0	U.S. Vets Make Case for Kerry in Vietnam (AP)  AP - Vietnam veterans supporting John Kerry for president made their case Friday in the heart of what was once enemy territory.	1
1	South Boston honors its fallen Vietnam heroes  As South Boston remembered 25 neighborhood heroes killed in the Vietnam War, local veterans yesterday weighed in on the ongoing war record battle between John Kerry related, bio and President George W. Bush.	0 1
1	Kerry to Bush: Take immediate steps for peace in Iraq  NEW YORK - Sen. John Kerry said Monday that President Bush #39;s invasion of Iraq has created a crisis that could lead to unending war and raises questions about whether Bush #39;s judgment is up to presidential standards.	0 1
1	Poll: Bush gets convention bounce in heavily Democratic New York  President Bush got a convention bounce even in heavily Democratic New York, a statewide poll reported Wednesday. The poll, from the Quinnipiac University Polling Institute, showed 	0
1	Polls Show Nov. 2 Race Even as Bush Bounce Fades  Two national polls on Thursday showed the race between President Bush and Democrat John Kerry deadlocked again as Bush #39;s convention bounce 	0 1
0	Blair seeks Africa action plan at Ethiopia summit  Tony Blair, the British prime minister, is in Ethiopia to chair a summit he hopes will turn Africa #39;s problems into a global priority.	3
1	As Drama Plays Out, Mixed Feelings for Arafat #39;s Neighbors  No crowds of well-wishers massed Thursday outside the Mukata, the mostly ruined compound where Yasser Arafat has been confined for the past two years.	2
0	Kerry Says Bush Failed to Level With U.N. (AP)  AP - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry said Tuesday that President Bush failed to present a true picture of Iraq to the United Nations and "does not have the credibility to lead the world."	0 1
0	Let #39;s talk about Iran  During this presidential election campaign, President Bush and Sen. John Kerry are wrangling over a lot of things, but at least one important subject isn #39;t getting the concentrated attention it deserves on the campaign trail or from Washington.	0 1
0	Arafat Has Minor Exploratory Surgery, Official Says   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian President  Yasser Arafat underwent minor exploratory surgery on Monday in  his West Bank headquarters and is in stable condition, a senior  official said.	2
0	Pacific Rim Nations Meet on Trade, Security  Top ministers from 21 Pacific Rim nations convened high-level talks on free trade and global security Wednesday, while police battled university students protesting the summit and a weekend visit by President Bush.	0
0	Peres: Israeli Extremists May Try to Kill Sharon   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Opposition leader Shimon Peres said  Tuesday he feared Israeli extremists might try to assassinate  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, the target of growing far-right  fury over a planned withdrawal from Gaza next year.	4
0	Where Is Bush? (AP)  AP - A day-by-day tally of President Bush's whereabouts since Aug. 2, his last full day in Washington:	0
0	Colombian Rebels Sought Bush Assassination  Colombia's main rebel group asked followers to mount an assassination attempt against President Bush during his visit to Colombia last week, Defense Minister Jorge Uribe said. There was no evidence Saturday that rebels even tried to organize such an attack.	0
1	Arafat Has Diagnostic Procedure, No Major Ailment Found  Yasser Arafat underwent a minor diagnostic procedure on Monday and doctors found no major ailment after a week of concerns over the Palestinian president #39;s health, officials said.	2
0	Bush UN Speech Eyes US Voters  By Dick Meyer. By Dotty Lynch. By Tom Fenton. With six weeks until Election Day, President Bush went before the United Nations General Assembly on Tuesday hoping to soften his image stateside.	0
1	Kerry told to fight  #39;Bush bounce #39;  Senior Democrats are calling on John Kerry to reinvigorate his campaign, or risk losing the US election to President George Bush. Two polls released since the end of the Republican convention last week have suggested 10-point leads for Mr Bush.	0 1
0	Transatlantic ties in limelight at Chirac, Blair meeting  LONDON, Nov 16 (AFP) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair will try this week to convince French President Jacques Chirac that Europe #39;s frayed relations with the United States can be mended.	3
0	Arafat is in a 'reversible coma'  Palestinian leader  Yasser Arafat is not brain dead - but in a reversible coma, says one of his aides.	2
0	French Official Says No Sign Arafat Poisoned  France #39;s health minister says there is no indication the death of Palestinian terrorist leader Yasser Arafat was the result of poisoning - amid rumors in the Arab world that Arafat was poisoned.	2
1	Bush administration was out of touch with reality in Iraq  No chemical weapons. No biological weapons. No nuclear weapons. No facilities for producing them. No imminent threat to the United States or any other country.	0
0	AP: Fund-Raisers Trade With Iran, Iraq (AP)  AP - More than two dozen top fund-raisers for President Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry are current or former senior managers of companies punished for trading with Iran or Saddam Hussein's Iraq  #151; including the chairman of Bush's Homeland Security Advisory Committee and Kerry's fund-raising chairman.	0 1
0	Bush Vigorously Defends War in Iraq  UNITED NATIONS Sept. 21, 2004 - President Bush delivered an unapologetic defense of his decision to invade Iraq, telling the United Nations Tuesday that his decision  quot;helped to deliver the Iraqi people from 	0
0	Arafat  #39;all clear #39; after surgery  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat has had a medical test under anaesthetic at his compound in Ramallah after bouts of vomiting and stomach pain.	2
0	Chirac, Blair Strive for Unity After Iraq  French President Jacques Chirac agreed to disagree with Prime Minister Tony Blair over Iraq on Thursday but pledged full cooperation, from Africa to the Middle East, when 	3
0	Blair, Musharraf Discuss War on Terrorism  Pakistan #39;s President Gen. Pervez Musharraf was in London on Monday to meet with Prime Minister Tony Blair for talks set to be dominated by the fight against terrorism and the search for peace in the Middle East.	3
1	Palestinian troops on alert  Ramallah - All members of the Palestinian security services were placed on a state of alert on Thursday to prepare for a possible outbreak of unrest in the event of Yasser Arafat #39;s death, Palestinian security sources said.	2
0	House Defeats Gay Marriage Ban Amendment  WASHINGTON - The House emphatically rejected a constitutional amendment banning gay marriage Thursday, the latest in a string of conservative pet causes advanced by Republican leaders in the run-up to Election Day.    The vote was 227-186, 49 votes shy of the two-thirds needed for approval of an amendment that President Bush backed but the Senate had previously scuttled...	0
0	Bush Hopes to Use Diplomacy on Iran (AP)  AP - President Bush, preparing for this week's much-anticipated campaign debate on foreign policy, is insisting Iran will not develop a nuclear weapon on his watch.	0
0	Coalition shatters after budget vote  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon took a perilous step toward early elections yesterday, firing Cabinet ministers from the secular Shinui Party after members of the junior coalition 	4
0	US commander Franks denies hunt for bin Laden was 'outsourced' (AFP)  AFP - A former commander of US forces in Iraq and Afghanistan has denied a claim by Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry that US troop had  quot;oursourced quot; the hunt for Osama bin Laden in Afghanistan's eastern border region of Tora Bora in the wake of the September 11 attacks.	1
0	Bush says truth must come out regarding military documents (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush has for the first time raised questions about documents used to bolster a report that he received preferential treatment during his Vietnam era military service.	0
0	Bush Team Orchestrates Larger Ad Campaign (AP)  AP - President Bush's political team is orchestrating a vastly larger advertising campaign than thought possible under federal law, taking control of millions in Republican Party funds simply by inserting the phrase "our leaders in Congress" in selected commercials.	0
3	Bush: End of hurricane season time for reflection, celebration  Gov. Jeb Bush called Tuesday #39;s official end of the 2004 hurricane season a time of  quot;reflection and celebration quot; after Florida endured an unprecedented quartet 	0
1	Bush: Terrorists May Plan More Attacks  Denying he has painted too rosy a picture about Iraq, President Bush said Thursday he would consider sending more troops if asked, but Iraq #39;s interim leader firmly said they weren #39;t needed.	0
1	One Day to Go  Today, a final flurry of campaigning as the candidates dig for votes in the battlegrounds. President Bush starts in Ohio and Pennsylvania.	0
0	Reports: Sharon Approves North Gaza Pullback   GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon gave  the go-ahead on Thursday for troops to withdraw from parts of  northern Gaza, media reports said, shortly after they killed  the 100th Palestinian in the largest Gaza offensive in four  years.	4
1	Crucial vote looms on Israel #39;s Gaza withdrawal  Ariel Sharon was today preparing for a crucial vote in the Israeli parliament on his plan to close all Jewish settlements in the occupied Gaza Strip.	4
1	Powell Served Country, Not Party  Description: NPR #39;s Daniel Schorr says that Colin Powell #39;s experience as secretary of state in President Bush #39;s highly partisan White House was clearly not a pleasant one.	0
1	Ashton Kutcher Stumps for Kerry-Edwards (AP)  AP - Ashton Kutcher, stumping for Democrat John Kerry and John Edwards in the actor's home state, said Monday that he and others who voted for President Bush in 2000 "got punked."	0 1
0	Missteps Cited in Kerik Vetting by White House  President Bush's enthusiasm for Bernard B. Kerik, and a lack of candor from Mr. Kerik himself, were among the factors that led to the collapse of the Kerik nomination.	0
1	Bush and Musharraf emphasize Mideast peace  the Afghan-Pakistan border for the al Qaeda chief blamed in the September 11 attacks on America. country from Islamic militant groups that disapprove of his close ties with Washington.	0
0	Arafat's Health Worsens; Doctors Sent to Compound  Yasir Arafat had been ill over the past two weeks, suffering from what Palestinian officials said was a lengthy bout of the flu.	2
0	Bush II keener on India  VISITING US secretary of defence Donald Rumsfeld sent a strong message on Thursday that the second Bush regime was keen on strengthening strategic ties with India.	0
0	Bush, Kerry launch fierce attacks over Iraq (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush and rival John Kerry traded bitter blowss on Iraq and fighting terror Monday, as the US election took another bitter turn two weeks before polling day.	0 1
1	Bush returns to UN to ask for help in Iraq as bloodshed threatens <b>...</b>  UNITED NATIONS (CP) - An unapologetic President George W. Bush, who threw the United Nations into angry upheaval last year by attacking Iraq without its approval, returned Tuesday to ask for more help in the chaotic country.	0
2	Schilling coming to Verizon with President Bush  Red Sox pitching ace Curt Schilling will accompany President George W. Bush to his campaign stops in Manchester and Portsmouth on Friday.	0
0	Seniors' Concerns Are Medicare, More  For a president who delivered more than  $500 billion in drug and health benefits to people  older than 65, Bush is not enjoying an advantage with the beneficiaries of that largess.	0
0	Sharon is shaken by loss on budget vote  JERUSALEM Prime Minister Ariel Sharon lost an important budget vote Wednesday in Parliament that imperils his government but does not quite collapse it.	4
0	Arafat Has Liver Failure, Officials Say   PARIS (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat lay critically ill with  liver failure on Sunday and his condition was getting no  better, a Palestinian official said, as Palestinian leaders  adopted in his absence a plan to restore order in their areas.	2
1	Clinton Campaigns With Kerry Today  Former President Clinton plans to attend a rally with John Kerry (website - news - bio) today in Philadelphia, then travel to Florida for a rally tonight.	1
0	Blair pledges welfare reforms in third term  LONDON: Britain #39;s Tony Blair yesterday set out his vision for a third term in office in a bid to shift the spotlight onto domestic policies that win or lose elections and off the divisive war in Iraq.	3
3	Oil: Price below US $50 as downturn resumes  NEW YORK - Oil fell back below US $50 on Thursday, resuming a downturn that has cut prices 11 per cent from record highs and ending a brief rally following President George W. Bush #39;s US election victory.	0
0	Echoes of a 1972 Loss Haunt a 2004 Campaign  John Kerry is once again surrounded by many of the loyalists from his first campaign  the only one he has ever lost.	1
0	Bush urges Sinn Fein leader to help move peace process ahead in <b>...</b>  WHITE HOUSE President Bush is urging Sinn Fein (shin fayn) leader Gerry Adams to help speed up the peace process in Northern Ireland.	0
0	Bush Visits Embassy, Offers Condolences (AP)  AP - President Bush made an unexpected visit to the Russian Embassy on Sunday where he signed a book of condolences for victims of the school hostage seizure and expressed outrage at the actions of "evil terrorists."	0
0	Blair aims to get Bush to focus on Mideast  LONDON - British Prime Minister Tony Blair will seek this week to use his support for President Bush in Iraq as a lever for greater US commitment to the quest for peace in the Middle East.	0 3
1	He #39;s hitting the hustings today  Bill Clinton will make a dramatic appearance for John Kerry today in Philadelphia and later in Florida - and he says he would not have it any other way.	1
1	Varying Polls Reflect Volatility, Experts Say  With national public opinion surveys showing the presidential race to be anywhere from a dead heat between President Bush and Senator John Kerry to Mr.	0 1
1	Sharon meets settlers  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on Sunday met with the chief opponents of his plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip and rejected calls from the Jewish settlers to hold a national referendum on the proposed pullout, participants in the meeting said.	4
0	Shell-Shocked Palestinians Want Peace with Israel  The Palestinian uprising marked its fourth anniversary with signs that the violent Hamas group is preparing a formidable political challenge to Yasser Arafat, despite a series of devastating blows from Israel.	2
3	US Treasury #39;s Snow Won #39;t Discuss His Job Future  US Treasury Secretary John Snow said on Friday any discussion about whether he stays in his post or quits was a matter between himself and President Bush.	0
0	Powell to Visit After Arafat Death -Palestinians   GAZA (Reuters) - Secretary of State Colin Powell is  expected to visit the West Bank for talks next week, a  Palestinian official said, in what could signal a revival of  Middle East peace efforts prompted by Yasser Arafat's death.	2
1	Palestinian officials rush to bedside of ailing Arafat  The Palestinian leader, Yasser Arafat, was in a serious condition last night after a sharp deterioration in his health, Palestinian officials said.	2
1	Foreign Doctors Find Arafat Has Flu -Confidant  A second group of foreign doctors has found that Yasser Arafat, taken ill last week, was suffering from the flu, an Israeli Arab politician said on Sunday, adding the Palestinian president was on the mend.	2
1	Arafat #39;s illness remains a mystery  A Palestinian envoy said doctors have ruled out leukemia for the time being. In a brief statement to reporters, the diplomat also said Arafat #39;s condition has improved since Friday.	2
0	Arafat's Condition Critical, Leaders Urge Unity   PARIS (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat lay in critical condition  in a French hospital on Saturday and Hamas militants in Gaza  said there was an urgent need for unity among Palestinian  leaders.	2
0	Summary: Iran, N. Korea top APEC topics  The nuclear ambitions of Iran and North Korea were President Bush #39;s chief concerns at the 21-nation summit in Santiago, Chile, along with trade and economic issues.	0
0	Bush, Kerry Pause to Trade Barbs on Iraq (AP)  AP - President Bush and rival John Kerry paused from private debate practice on Monday to accuse each other of lack of clarity on Iraq as they campaigned in "must win" states for each  #151; the Republican incumbent in Ohio and his Democratic challenger in Wisconsin.	0 1
1	Blair eyes full 3rd term  LONDON: British Prime Minister Tony Blair was recovering Friday from surgery to correct an irregular heartbeat, a day after revealing that he intends to serve a full third term if re-elected.	3
1	Blair unveils a 10-point policy plan as he sets out vision for <b>...</b>  Tony Blair pledged to create an  quot;opportunity society quot; in which everyone had  quot;an equal chance to succeed quot; yesterday as he outlined the policies he would introduce if Labour wins an historic third term in power.	3
0	Your view: A chance for peace?  Yasser Arafat dominated the Palestinian movement for four decades, transforming himself from guerrilla into politician. Most Palestinians will remember him as the man who gave them hope and took their cause to the brink of statehood.	2
0	U.S. Seeks to Throw Out Terror Convictions  WASHINGTON - The Justice Department is asking a judge to throw out the convictions of a suspected terror cell in Detroit because of prosecutorial misconduct, a dramatic setback for the administration's war on terror on the eve of President Bush's re-election pitch at the GOP convention.    In a late Tuesday night court filing, the department told U.S...	0
1	Republicans Salute Bush in Convention Opener  Republicans opened their four-day national convention on Monday with salutes to President Bush #39;s wartime leadership and repeated reminders of his response to the Sept.	0
1	Government Will Do  #39;All It Can #39; to Free Aid Chief  Prime Minister Tony Blair tonight vowed the Government would do all it could to help free an aid chief kidnapped in Baghdad. Margaret Hassan, who heads Care Internationals operation 	3
0	Kerry Rips Bush Over Record Medicare Hike (AP)  AP - Democrat John Kerry said Saturday that a record increase in Medicare premiums for doctor visits was another failed promise from President Bush.	0 1
1	Protesters Gather At TV Station That Will Air Anti-Kerry Film  COLUMBUS, Ohio -- About 50 people gathered outside of local ABC affiliate WSYX Monday to protest the airing of a film critical of John Kerry.	1
3	China Widens Economic Role in Latin America  The expected arrival here on Friday of President Bush, who personifies for Latin Americans the economic and political power of Washington, is being greeted with an 	0
1	Blogs look burly after kicking sand on CBS  Bloggers enjoy a moment of glory after pooling their expertise to uncover the truth about the forged memos on Bush #39;s service record.	0
1	Cabinet shuffle welcome: Three departures create opportunities  Throughout President Bush #39;s first term, only one Cabinet member - Treasury Secretary Paul O #39;Neill - resigned. After such a prolonged period of stability, it #39;s not surprising that the weeks following Bush #39;s 	0
0	Captive asks Blair to please help me' (Chicago Tribune)  Chicago Tribune - Appearing on video haggard and terrified, the kidnapped director of CARE International's Iraq operations made a desperate plea for her life Friday, urging British Prime Minister Tony Blair to withdraw troops from Iraq so she could win freedom from her captors.	3
0	Springsteen Kicks Off 'Vote for Change'  PHILADELPHIA - Two of the biggest forces in rock music over the last 20 years were plugging in the amplifiers Friday to kick off a high-volume effort to oust President Bush on Nov. 2...	0
0	S.Korea Asks Bush to Focus on N.Korea Nuclear Crisis  South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun called newly re-elected President Bush and won his agreement that ending the nuclear crisis involving the isolated communist North should be a goal of his second term in office.	0
0	British opposition leader snaps back at White House after snub (AFP)  AFP - British opposition leader Michael Howard snapped back at the White House after a report that it had banned him from ever being invited to meet US President George W. Bush.	0
1	McCain in the middle of Bush-Kerry battle  WASHINGTON - Arizona Republican John McCain is a man seemingly stuck in the middle this presidential election year: a friend and sometimes defender of Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry and a loyal party wingman for President Bush who is a 	0 1
0	Doctors Sent to Examine Arafat at Ramallah Compound  Yasser Arafat's health deteriorated Wednesday and a team of doctors went to his compound to examine the Palestinian leader, a Palestinian official said.	2
0	Israel urged to clear way for Palestinian vote  Palestinians called crucial to the success of a ballot to choose a successor to the late Yasser Arafat. Middle East envoy William Burns told reporters on Sunday in the West Bank city of Ramallah.	2
0	Kerry Rips Bush Over Record Medicare Hike (AP)  AP - Democrat John Kerry said Saturday that a record increase in Medicare premiums for doctor visits was another failed promise from President Bush.	0 1
0	For some, Arafat #39;s death adds misery  It was a national day of grieving for Yasser Arafat, but the row of men sipping black coffee and eating dates under a mourning tent had someone else in mind.	2
1	Bush, Kerry campaign day ahead of final debate Weds.  (National-NBC) Oct. 12, 2004 - On Tuesday President Bush campaigns in Colorado and Arizona, while Senator John Kerry hits New Mexico and Arizona on the day before the third and final presidential debate.	0 1
0	Sharon defends Israeli Army despite civilian deaths  The Israeli military has acknowledged it has killed about 30 innocent Palestinians during operations in the West Bank this year. Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has defended the Army, describing it as  quot;more moral than any other army I know quot;.	4
0	Settlers debate to begin  The Israeli parliament, the Knesset, is set to begin debate on Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s controversial plan to withdraw Jewish settlements from all of Gaza and parts of the West Bank.	4
0	No decision yet on redeployment of troops in Iraq: Blair (AFP)  AFP - Britain has not yet decided whether to send 650 troops to relieve US forces in Iraq, Prime Minister Tony Blair said Wednesday, while rejecting suggestions that such a move would be aimed at boosting US President George W. Bush's electoral campaign.	0 3
0	Bush Seeks  #36;7.1B More for Hurricane Relief (AP)  AP - Billions more federal dollars will likely pour into Florida and other Southeastern states as they struggle to return to normal after a series of devastating hurricanes.	0
0	Unions Protest New Overtime Regulations  WASHINGTON - Several hundred union members marched outside the Labor Department to protest new overtime pay regulations taking effect Monday, with two senators pledging to try to roll them back when Congress returns from recess.    Protesters, many wearing union T-shirts, carried signs such as "President Bush: Hands off my overtime pay," and chanted, "Come on all you billionaires, give us wages that are fair."  "The fight is not over yet," said Republican Sen...	0
1	Election Reflections  How and why did President Bush and the Republicans do so well in Tuesday #39;s elections? I #39;ve jotted down a few quick thoughts on what, in my opinion, led to the GOP #39;s 2004 victories.	0
1	Kerry cites  #39;big mess #39; while Bush appeals for Democratic support  Sen. John Kerry says the United States is  quot;in a bigger mess by the day, quot; citing the murky fate of missing explosives in Iraq to sharpen the indictment of his opponent.	0 1
0	Kerry Chides Bush on Assault Weapons Ban  WASHINGTON - Sen. John Kerry sought to make President Bush pay a political price Monday for the expiration of a partial assault weapons ban, but other Democrats reacted warily on an issue that has hurt the party in recent elections...	0 1
1	How much clout?  Bush has just spent much of his political capital pushing his own party to pass a bill he didn #39;t really want. BY DONALD F. KETTL.	0
0	Two US officials embarrass Bush on Iraq (AFP)  AFP - Statements by two top US policymakers contradicting administration dogma on Iraq provided new fuel to relentless Democratic criticism of President George W. Bush that have jolted his re-election bid.	0
0	Bush Uses Prayer to Mark Patriot Day  WASHINGTON - President Bush attended a prayer service remembering the Sept. 11 attacks and paid silent tribute at the White House on Saturday to mark the third anniversary of the day that transformed his presidency...	0
0	Two Issues Stalling Intel Overhaul Bill (AP)  AP - Two issues have House Republicans tied in a knot on the intelligence bill President Bush says he wants: military control of spy satellites and provisions that, some lawmakers say, let terrorists shield themselves with claims of political asylum.	0
1	Kerry issues sharp new attack on Iraq  NEW YORK - Sen. John Kerry said Monday that mistakes by President Bush in invading Iraq could lead to unending war and that no responsible commander in chief would have waged the war knowing Saddam Hussein 	0 1
1	Bush Voted Year's Top Film Villian (AP)  AP - With U.S. voters soon to pass their verdict on President George W. Bush, readers of a British magazine have rated him the year's top screen villain.	0
1	NASA #39;s O #39;Keefe to Resign; Ex-Missile Defense Chief Tops List of <b>...</b>  NASA Administrator Sean O #39;Keefe will resign this week, and the retired director of the Pentagon #39;s Missile Defense Agency tops a list of five men that President Bush is considering 	0
0	Australian PM fails to apologize on wrong pre-war intelligence on <b>...</b>  Australian Prime Minister John Howard said Thursday he won #39;t automatically follow his British counterpart Tony Blair who has said he could apologize for faulty evidence on Iraqi weapons of mass destruction.	3
0	Palestinians to get Arafat #39;s medical chart  France has assured the Palestinian Authority that a copy of Yasser Arafat #39;s medical chart will be given to the late president #39;s nephew who is also a Palestinian diplomat, Palestinian officials said.	2
0	Middle East Prepares for Life without Arafat  JERUSALEM -here has been increased security here in Jerusalem and throughout Israel, but so far, it has been quiet. The entire Middle East is getting ready for a new era, a Middle East without Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Bush Vigorously Defends War in Iraq (AP)  AP - President Bush delivered an unapologetic defense of his decision to invade Iraq, telling the United Nations Tuesday that it "helped to deliver the Iraqi people from an outlaw dictator." Later, Bush condemned the beheading of a U.S. hostage by an Islamic militant.	0
0	Kerry and Bush Face Off Over War, Jobs  ST. LOUIS - President Bush and John Kerry sprinted back to the campaign trail, trying to build on their performances in an argumentative second debate that saw the presidential candidates colliding over war, jobs, education, health care, abortion, the environment and prescription drugs...	0 1
0	It's Inauguration Time Again, and Access Still Has Its Price  President Bush's inaugural committee, seeking to raise more than  $40 million, a record, sent out hundreds of solicitations.	0
3	Fact and Comment (Forbes.com)  Forbes.com - The stock market in 2004 has been, at best, treading water. Yet presidential election years are supposed to see equities rise. This one will be no exception. Stocks often go up in rapid bursts. As people grasp that President Bush will indeed be reelected, the market will experience a sharp rally. Expect the S amp;P 500 to end the year well above 1250, up at least 12 from year-end 2003.	0
0	Militant rivals show unity behind Arafat, call for united <b>...</b>  BEIRUT, Lebanon The militant group Hamas is calling for unity among Palestinian leaders and says it #39;s setting aside differences with an ailing Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Bush: Fighting won #39;t stall Iraq vote  President Bush said Thursday that the United States was committed to having elections take place as planned late next month in Iraq, despite reports that Iraqi security forces 	0
0	Soldier, 4 Militants Die in Renewed Gaza Fighting  Four Palestinian militants and an Israeli soldier were killed Tuesday in the heaviest Gaza fighting since Yasser Arafat #39;s death, raising the prospect that renewed violence could complicate a vote for his successor.	2
0	Chirac, Blair Strive for Unity After Iraq   LONDON (Reuters) - French President Jacques Chirac agreed  to disagree with Prime Minister Tony Blair over Iraq on  Thursday but pledged full cooperation, from Africa to the  Middle East, when Britain heads the G8 and European Union in  2005.	3
0	Lawyer Advising Vets Quits Bush Campaign  WASHINGTON - An election lawyer for President Bush who also has been advising a veterans group running TV ads against Democrat John Kerry resigned Wednesday from Bush's campaign.   "I cannot begin to express my sadness that my legal representations have become a distraction from the critical issues at hand in this election," Benjamin Ginsberg wrote in a resignation letter to Bush released by the campaign...	0
0	Lawsuit Uncovers New Bush Guard Records  WASHINGTON - President Bush ranked in the middle of his Air National Guard flight class and flew 336 hours in a fighter jet before letting his pilot status lapse and missing a key readiness drill in 1972, according to his flight records belatedly uncovered Tuesday under the Freedom of Information Act.    The Pentagon and Bush's campaign have claimed for months that all records detailing his fighter pilot career have been made public, but defense officials said they found two dozen new records detailing his training and flight logs after The Associated Press filed a lawsuit and submitted new requests under the public records law...	0
0	Arafat stable, but not out of danger: Doctors  French doctors attending to Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat at a private nursing home in Clamart, near Paris, have said that he is in good shape, but still not out of danger.	2
0	Sharon Fights Political Doubt  After winning one of the toughest political fights of his career before Israel #39;s parliament, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon faces a colossal battle 	4
0	Bush lawyer quits in anti-Kerry ad flap (AFP)  AFP - A lawyer for President George W. Bush's re-election campaign who advised a group of veterans accusing Democratic challenger John Kerry in a television advertisement of embellishing his Vietnam War record announced his resignation.	0 1
0	Arabs in Florida Angered by Bush (Los Angeles Times)  Los Angeles Times - ORLANDO, Fla.  #8212; Ever since President Bush narrowly won Florida four years ago, Democrats have meticulously courted key voting blocs that strategists believe could help reverse the party's fortunes in 2004  #8212; showering attention on seniors, African Americans, Jews, and Cuban and Haitian Americans.	0
1	Bush hammers Kerry: Senator stands firm against war  Speaking to a handpicked audience replete with cheering veterans and families of deployed troops, President Bush related, bio yesterday defended his Iraq policy and blasted Sen.	0 1
0	Bush urges Irish Protestant leader to reach accord  BELFAST -- President Bush lent his weight yesterday to a final push for reviving power-sharing in Northern Ireland, telling the province's Protestant leader to do his best to cut a deal with his longtime Catholic enemies.	0
1	Kerry #39;s new attacks range from flu shots to Iraq war  Sen. John Kerry continued his assault yesterday on President Bush over a wide range of topics, including the war in Iraq, homeland security and the shortage of flu vaccines.	0 1
1	Protests expected as Bush meets Asian leaders  President Bush left Friday from his Texas ranch on his first post-election international trip -- to the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation forum in Chile.	0
1	Porter Goss confirmed for CIA director, what happens with  According to this Salon story, Porter Goss, Bush #39;s handpicked successor to Tenent has been approved by the Senate as the new CIA Director.	0
0	U.S. Signals Flexibility on Israeli Settlement Growth (Reuters)  Reuters - The Bush administration signaled on Saturday that it may accept limited growth within existing Israeli settlements in the West Bank in a shift that could help embattled Prime Minister Ariel Sharon.	4
0	Bomb found near Berlusconi #39;s villa  Italian Premier Silvio Berlusconi (left) goes for a walk with British Prime Minister Tony Blair and his wife Cherie Blair at Berlusconi #39;s villa, Monday. AP ...	3
1	Bush, Kerry charge in final push  With the 2004 presidential race still a tossup, President Bush and challenger Democrat John Kerry charged into the final two days of the contest trying to turn to their advantage an 	0 1
0	From Troops, a Few Votes for a Quick Way Home  U.S. soldiers in Iraq are largely supportive of President Bush, but they also expressed widespread pessimism about the war.	0
0	Bush's Convention Tops Kerry's in Primetime Polling (Reuters)  Reuters - The country may be more or less evenly divided along partisan lines when it comes to the presidential race, but the Republican Party prevailed in the Nielsen polling of this summer's nominating conventions.	0
0	Bush Recants, Says Terror War Will Be Won (AP)  AP - President Bush said repeatedly on Tuesday that the United States will win its war against terrorism, trying to contain political damage from the doubt he expressed a day earlier.	0
3	Bush Signs Internet Tax Moratorium  President George Bush on Friday signed into law a three-year moratorium on Internet access taxes. The law extends a ban on Internet taxes that expired on November 1, 2003.	0
1	Sharon Wins Support for Gaza Plan  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon won a critical vote in Israel #39;s parliament Wednesday in favor of his plan to withdraw Israeli settlers and soldiers from the Gaza Strip.	4
1	Flags, smoke and tears for the father of their nation  PALESTINIANS at home and abroad wept, waved flags, and burned tyres in an eruption of grief over the death of Yasser Arafat, the man they consider the father of their nation.	2
0	Israel Ends Deadly Gaza Offensive  JEBALIYA REFUGEE CAMP, Gaza Strip - Israel withdrew tanks and ground forces from populated areas in the northern Gaza Strip on Friday, wrapping up its bloodiest offensive in the area in more than four years of fighting.    Prime Minister Ariel Sharon ordered the pullback at the urging of Israeli military commanders, who argued the two-week offensive had played itself out, and after calls from the United States to wrap up the operation...	4
0	Arafat was not poisoned  Paris - Doctors who treated Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat believe he died of a blood condition called disseminated intravascular coagulation (DIC) and have ruled out poisoning, Le Monde newspaper reported on Wednesday.	2
0	GOP Sharpens Attacks As Convention Opens  NEW YORK - Sen. John McCain said Monday it was fair game to criticize Democrat John Kerry's anti-war protests three decades ago, firing an opening salvo as Republicans sought to use their national convention to portray President Bush as a strong wartime leader...	0
0	Palestinians Choose Presidential Candidates   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian officials on  Saturday began registering candidates for an election to  replace Yasser Arafat as officials warned the vote may be  delayed unless Israel halted military activities.	2
0	Presidential candidates look toward crucial debate (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush and his Democratic rival John Kerry scouted votes in key battleground states but were already looking ahead to their crucial televised debates starting in a week.	0 1
0	Britain's press split over Blair speech (AFP)  AFP - Britain's press was divided after Prime Minister Tony Blair's annual speech to the Labour Party conference, some giving him credit for admitting the intelligence was wrong over Saddam Hussein's alleged weapons of mass destruction, while others slated him for refusing to apologise over the war in Iraq.	3
0	Florida Voters Given Early Voting Option (AP)  AP - The deciding votes in this critical battleground state could be cast long before President Bush and Sen. John Kerry make their final pleas to voters.	0 1
1	Abbas survives shootout in Gaza  INTERIM Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas escaped unharmed when militants opened fire in a tent in Gaza City where he was greeting mourners at a ceremony for Yasser Arafat yesterday.	2
0	White House: Guard Never Disciplined Bush  WASHINGTON - President Bush never was disciplined while serving in the Texas Air National Guard, never failed a physical and never asked his father or family friends for help to get him into the Guard during the Vietnam War, the White House said Wednesday.    Meanwhile, the White House on Wednesday night produced a newly unearthed document on Bush's Guard service, seven months after it said all materials on the subject had been publicly released...	0
0	Israel TV: Israel to Allow Arafat to Leave Ramallah (Reuters)  Reuters - Israel will permit Palestinian President Yasser Arafat to leave the West Bank city of Ramallah to receive medical treatment, Israel TV said, without indicating whether he would allowed back.	2
0	Israel would not bar Arafat return after overseas treatment  JERUSALEM, Oct 28 (AFP) - Israel will not bar ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat from returning to the West Bank if he were to leave for medical treatment, senior government spokesman Raanan Gissin told AFP Thursday.	2
3	Bush picks Cuban for Commerce  WASHINGTON - President George W. Bush has nominated Kellogg chairman Carlos Gutierrez as commerce secretary, picking a Cuban refugee who rose to the top of the biggest US cereal maker as the chief advocate for American business.	0
0	Tony Blair  #39;looking healthy #39;  London - British Prime Minister Tony Blair was recovering on Saturday from successful hospital treatment to correct an irregular heartbeat, his office said.	3
0	Suha blasted over  #39;deathbed coup #39; claim  GAZA CITY: Palestinians let rip at Yasser Arafat #39;s wife Suha yesterday after she alleged his top lieutenants were plotting a deathbed coup, accusing her of abandoning the nationalist struggle for the boutiques of Paris.	2
1	Bush, Kerry Battle For Iowa  (CBS) President Bush and Sen. John Kerry both visited the battleground state of Iowa on Wednesday with Kerry questioning the president #39;s leadership on Iraq and Mr.	0 1
0	Group Running Anti-Kerry Ads Denies Ties to Republican Party  John Hurley, the national director of Veterans for Kerry, called the Swift boat veterans group "a Republican smear campaign."	1
0	Edwards Compares Bush to Enron's Lay (AP)  AP - Democrat John Edwards compared President Bush to former Enron Corp. chairman Kenneth Lay on Tuesday and predicted Bush "is going to be fired" by voters for the way he has run the country.	0
0	Kremlin Expressing Support for Bush (AP)  AP - Russia's political elite has been showing a striking willingness to take sides in the U.S. election  #151; most notably President Vladimir Putin, whose expression of support for President Bush reflects more than the two leaders' warm relationship.	0
1	Bush Cites Peace, Prosperity as 2nd-Term Goals  President Bush opened the Labor Day weekend with a bus cavalcade through Ohio, for the second Saturday in a row, and said that peace and 	0
0	Even Humbled by Error, Dan Rather Has His Thorns  Dan Rather offered an apology for a report on President Bush's service, but not a personal accounting.	0
1	Ex-commander backs Kerry on Vietnam  William Rood of the Chicago Tribune said the tales told by Kerry #39;s detractors are simply untrue. crew members. Only two of those officers remain to talk about what happened on February 28, 1969, quot; he wrote.	1
1	14-YEAR-OLD KILLED IN WEST BANK  Senior Palestinian figures gathered at Yasser Arafat #39;s battered West Bank compound yesterday to show that the Palestinian leadership was still functioning.	2
0	Bush Mocks Kerry's Leadership Credentials  KING OF PRUSSIA, Pa. - President Bush mocked John Kerry's fitness to be commander in chief Wednesday, saying the way to bring U.S...	0 1
0	Arafat Still Alive  As Yasser Arafat fights for his life in a French military hospital, some powers are being shifted to the Palestinian prime minister.	2
0	Bush backers like converted Democrat's zeal (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush found strong support among voters in key states for Democratic Senator Zell Miller, who has broken with his party and raised eyebrows with attacks on Democratic White House hopeful John Kerry.	0 1
1	Florida voters urged to cast ballots early starting today  The deciding votes in this critical battleground state could be cast long before President George W Bush and challenger John Kerry make their final pleas to voters.	1
0	From afar, specialists ponder Arafat's declining health  The cause of Yasser Arafat's illness has not been disclosed by French doctors, but several Boston-area gastrointestinal specialists said his reported symptoms -- intestinal and stomach inflammation, blood-clotting problems, eating difficulties -- are consistent with a range of intestinal and liver afflictions that are not uncommon in a 75-year-old man.	2
1	Poll: Vast majority of Canadians like Americans, but not George W. <b>...</b>  Nearly two-thirds of Canadians had an unfavourable view of US President George W. Bush, even though most Canadians said they had a good opinion of Americans, suggests a poll done for The Associated Press.	0
0	Kerry Raises  #36;2M for Democrats in N.Y. (AP)  AP - John Kerry raised  #36;2 million for Democrats in just a few hours Saturday, making two stops in this understated and elegant vacation destination for the Northeastern well-to-do.	1
0	U.S. Needs to Offer More to N.Korea-Security Report   SEOUL (Reuters) - Divisions in President Bush's first  administration gave North Korea valuable time to develop  weapons and he needs to put far more on the table to get it to  end its nuclear plans, a security group said on Monday.	0
1	GOP blasts battle plan  As Sen. John F. Kerry related, bio struggles to revive his flagging White House bid with a new line of attack on President Bush #39;s Iraq war policies, he got a boost yesterday from a surprise source: three top GOP senators.	0
0	Officials: Arafat Needs More Medical Tests  Yasser Arafat has been ill for two weeks with what was initially described as a bad flu. He took a turn for the worse Wednesday, collapsing and briefly losing consciousness.	2
0	Bush spurs on Irish deal  US President George Bush has personally intervened in the Northern Ireland peace process to spur on the new power-sharing deal. Mr Bush telephoned Dr Rev Ian Paisley, the leader of the Democratic Unionist 	0
1	News Analysis: Arafat #39;s health shocks Mideast peace track  When ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat arrived at Paris Friday for medical treatment, his deteriorating health condition sent shockwave across the Middle East political arena.	2
2	Schilling delivers for Bush on  #39;Good Morning America #39;  Within hours of his team winning the World Series, Curt Schilling shifted from pitching for the Red Sox to pitching for President Bush.	0
0	Rumsfeld Mum About Future in Bush Cabinet  In the middle of a major shakeup of President Bush's Cabinet, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Monday he has not yet discussed his future with the president.	0
0	Arafat #39;s death seen breaking Mideast diplomatic logjam  Foreign policy chiefs from around the globe have been lining up to visit Israeli and Palestinian officials, proclaiming a new era of opportunity has arrived.	2
0	Bush and Kerry Spar Over Iraq, Security (AP)  AP - Sen. John Kerry cited the Iraq war and a huge cache of missing explosives Monday as proof President Bush has "failed the test of being commander in chief." The Republican slammed his rival as "consistently and dangerously wrong" on national security matters.	0 1
0	Blair says he feels  quot;sick quot; about hostage in Iraq  British Prime Minister Tony Blair said he #39;s doing what he can to help a hostage being held in Iraq. Militants released another videotape of Kenneth Bigley today, in which he #39;s shown sobbing in a makeshift cage.	3
3	Washington rejects protocol for industry  THE United States helped negotiate the protocol under former President Bill Clintons administration. But President George W. Bush ditched the agreement shortly after coming 	0
0	Abbas calls for end to armed resistance  Jerusalem -- The front-runner in next month #39;s election to succeed Yasser Arafat as Palestinian leader said in an interview published Tuesday that the violence employed by Palestinians in their 4-year-old armed uprising was a mistake and that opposition to 	2
0	Acquittal Boosts Berlusconi Ahead of Vote (AP)  AP - Premier Silvio Berlusconi, an important ally for President Bush in Iraq, was acquitted of corruption charges that have dogged his government from the start. The verdict was a boost to the conservative leader ahead of 2006 elections. Berlusconi, 68, has long insisted he was the victim of left-wing prosecutors.	0
0	Arafat undergoes  quot;minor surgery quot;  Palestinian President Yasser Arafat has undergone a  quot;minor surgical procedure quot; at his headquarters in the West Bank. Doctors carried out the endoscopy after President Arafat complained of stomach pains and vomiting.	2
1	Sen. Clinton blasts Bush, urges women to vote in West Palm Beach  WEST PALM BEACH  Blasting President Bush for undoing the  quot;good things quot; her husband did in office, US Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton on Saturday urged hundreds of Democratic women to vote early 	0
0	Gravely ill Arafat bound for Paris for urgent medical care (AFP)  AFP - Ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat was en route by plane to a French military hospital outside Paris for urgent medical treatment of what is said to be a potentially fatal blood disorder.	2
3	Tax-break legislation signed  WASHINGTON - President Bush cleared the way for  $136 billion in new tax breaks on businesses, farmers and other groups yesterday, quietly signing the most sweeping rewrite of corporate-tax law since 1986.	0
1	Bush awards presidential medals to three former officials  President Bush awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom yesterday to three men who he said had  quot;made our country more secure and advanced the cause of human liberty: quot; Gen.	0
0	Riley: Bush Re-Election Will Change Court (AP)  AP - Alabama Gov. Bob Riley told a Republican breakfast that President Bush's re-election will change the U.S. Supreme Court, described by the governor as "very liberal."	0
1	Palestinians opt for two-office leadership  Palestinian leaders, struggling to deal with a post-Yasser Arafat world, have patched together a two-office arrangement for running the territories.	2
0	Nephew claims Arafat may have been poisoned  YASSER Arafats nephew last night said the lack of a diagnosis, despite extensive tests, into his uncles death last month raised suspicions that the late Palestinian leader died of  quot;unnatural quot; causes.	2
3	Bush Vows to Work on WTO Compliance, Blasts Airbus (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush pledged on Friday to work with Congress to comply with a WTO ruling in a row over payment of anti-dumping duties to U.S. companies, and said he expected the trade body to hold Europe to account over "unfair" subsidies to aircraft maker Airbus .	0
0	Smaller Protests Hit Streets of New York (AP)  AP - A day after massive street demonstrations, smaller groups of protesters turned Monday to health care, civil rights and economics  #151; areas where they say President Bush and the Republicans convening in Madison Square Garden have failed the country.	0
0	CBS Names Panel to Probe Bush Guard Story  NEW YORK - CBS News appointed a former Republican Cabinet member and a retired news executive Wednesday to investigate its discredited "60 Minutes" report on President Bush's National Guard service.    Dick Thornburgh, attorney general in the Reagan and first Bush administrations and former Pennsylvania governor, will start work immediately with Louis D...	0
0	Memos Show Bush Suspended From Flying  WASHINGTON - The White House released memos Wednesday night saying that George W. Bush was suspended from flying fighter jets for failing to meet standards of the Texas Air National Guard...	0
0	Kerry Links Iraq War Cost, Domestic Woes (AP)  AP - Democrat John Kerry links the cost of the Iraq war to problems at home and vows in a new television ad to both "defend America and fight for the middle class."	1
0	After Arafat, peacemakers or fighters?  Even though Palestinian officials say they have an orderly succession plan to replace leader Yasser Arafat, Arabs and Israelis agree that a power vacuum 	2
0	Judges Rule for Nader in Election Boost for Bush (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush received a potential boost on Friday in his bid for re-election when a court ruled that independent candidate Ralph Nader, who experts believe helped Bush win four years ago, be placed on Florida's presidential ballot.	0
0	Bush wants verification of Iran nuclear claim  US President George W. Bush on Monday cautiously welcomed Iran #39;s announcement it was freezing all uranium enrichment work but insisted  quot;there must be verification.	0
0	Blair tried to bully BBC over Iraq coverage  London: Former BBC chief has accused British Prime Minister Tony Blair of attempting to force the corporation to change its tone of coverage of the Iraq war and the issue of weapons of mass destruction.	3
1	Kerry stumps at churches; Bush ad blasts rival on terror  President Bush #39;s campaign intensified criticism of Sen. John Kerry #39;s views of the war on terrorism Sunday and the Democratic challenger fought back forcefully as 	0 1
3	US jobless rate lowest in two years  The US economy added 144,000 jobs in August, dropping the unemployment rate to its lowest level in nearly two years and handing George W. Bush fresh ammunition to claim that life is getting better for Americans.	0
2	MLB Owners Work Hard to Keep Bush at Bat (AP)  AP - Baseball owners once passed up a chance to hire former colleague George W. Bush as the sport's commissioner, but now they're working hard to keep Bush at bat in the White House.	0
0	Palestinian smuggler sentenced to 25 years  JERUSALEM -- Israel yesterday sentenced to 25 years' imprisonment the captain of a Palestinian arms smuggling ship whose capture two years ago prompted Washington to shun Palestinian President Yasser Arafat. Erez Military Court convicted Omar Akkawi, a Palestinian Transportation Ministry employee caught at the Karine A's helm by Israeli naval commandos in January 2002, of trafficking in weapons. Two other ...	2
0	Veteran leader Yasser Arafat dies  Yasser Arafat, symbol of Palestinian nationhood for four decades, dies in a French hospital aged 75.	2
0	In Mr. Bush's Neighborhood, a Peculiar Intersection  The relationship between President Bush and Wall Street has always been layered with paradox and outright contradiction.	0
1	Palestinians united in frustration over scant news of Arafat  GAZA CITY, Nov 8 (AFP) - Ordinary Palestinians, politicians and militants were Monday united in frustration over the dearth of information about the condition of Yasser Arafat who has been fighting for his life in a Paris hospital for 10 days.	2
1	Education Secretary Paige Talking of Leaving  Education Secretary Rodney Paige has been discussing his departure with the White House, US officials said on Friday, marking another in a series of post-election changes in President Bush #39;s Cabinet.	0
0	Bush pre-election marathon tries to catch Kerry (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush crisscrosses battleground states this week seeking to close a gap in preference polls between him and his Democratic rival, John Kerry.	0 1
1	Duelfer proves it: Bush justified in Iraq  Howard Dean must have been ecstatic as he read the headlines on Oct. 7:  quot;Report Discounts Iraqi Arms Threat quot; affirmed the Washington Post, while The New York Times, not to be outdone, jubilantly proclaimed 	0
1	Arafat #39;s condition worsens as Palestinian officials argue with <b>...</b>  Yasser Arafat is in a coma and his condition worsened overnight, a hospital spokesman said Tuesday, as Palestinian officials sought to visit their critically ill leader over his wife #39;s angry objections.	2
1	Bush travels to Canada to thaw relations  OTTAWA - President Bush arrived in Ottawa this morning to meet with Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin, a post-election meeting designed to show the high priority Bush places on restoring the friendship of the two nations.	0
0	Kerry Would 'Weaken' U.S., Bush Says  The president leveled his toughest attack on John F. Kerry, warning that his Democratic challenger "would weaken America and make the world more dangerous."	0 1
0	Danforth Quit U.N. Post to Return to Mo. (AP)  AP - U.S. Ambassador John Danforth said Friday he took himself out of the running for any job in President Bush's second term because he wanted to go home to Missouri.	0
1	Arafat is still in charge:Minister  RAMALLAH: Ministers insisted on Monday there was no vacancy at the top of the Palestinian Authority as they held their first cabinet meeting since Yasser Arafat left for life-saving treatment in France.	2
0	Blair heads off to Africa on trip aimed at securing legacy (AFP)  AFP - Freshly recovered from a heart operation, Prime Minister Tony Blair was scheduled to fly to Ethiopia on a personal aid mission which he hopes will also provide a restorative boost to his own place in history.	3
0	Solving the three axes of crises  Yasser Arafat #39;s disappearance from the scene has raised hopes that perhaps a window of opportunity to a new era has now opened.	2
1	Meeting with Yasser Arafat  I was with a group of 30 reform rabbis who had joined to support the nascent peace process that had been chiseled out at Oslo and ratified on the White House lawn.	2
0	Tests on Arafat reveal no signs of leukemia  Initial results from a battery of tests on Palestinian President Yasser Arafat have uncovered no signs of leukemia, Palestinian officials said, but blood doctors were still probing the cause of his dramatic deterioration in health.	2
0	Cheney Enters NYC Through Ellis Island (AP)  AP - The Manhattan skyline at his back, Vice President Dick Cheney remembered the terrorist attacks on this city and promised that with a second term President Bush would be strong and steadfast in keeping the nation safe.	0
1	Kerry and the Mideast  2: Anything but a Stealth Peace <b>...</b>  After becoming the presumptive Democratic nominee, Kerrys statements grew even more pro-war. In early August, after his nomination, Kerry explicitly stated that even had he known about the non-existence 	1
0	Israel Kills Top Hamas Militant Ahead of Gaza Vote   GAZA (Reuters) - Israel killed the top bomb maker of the  Hamas Islamic militant group in a Gaza Strip air strike on  Thursday, days before a key parliamentary vote on Prime  Minister Ariel Sharon's plan to quit the occupied territory.	4
0	Kerry and Bush trade barbs over Iraq as president addresses UN (AFP)  AFP - Democratic White House hopeful John Kerry renewed his pointed attacks on President George W. Bush's handling of Iraq, accusing him of failing to  quot;level with the world's leaders quot; about the war during his speech at the United Nations.	0 1
1	Pick for homeland chief withdraws  Surprising even the White House, President Bush #39;s nominee for Homeland Security secretary abruptly withdrew his candidacy last night, saying 	0
0	Karzai to address UN gathering, meet with Bush in New York  KABUL, Afghanistan Afghan president Hamid Karzai heads to New York today to address the United Nations and meet with President Bush.	0
0	Focus Shifts to Kerry's Antiwar Activities in '70s (Los Angeles Times)  Los Angeles Times - After making his service in Vietnam the centerpiece of his presidential bid, Sen. John F. Kerry now finds himself defending his role as a protester of the war  #8212; the chapter of his biography that first gained him prominence but which he has discussed infrequently this year.	1
0	Arafat, Father and Leader of Palestinian Nationalism, Is Dead  Yasir Arafat for almost 40 years symbolized his people's longing for a distinct political identity and independent state.	2
0	BUSH #39;S MIDDLE EAST SETBACK FOR BLAIR  GEORGE Bush yesterday snubbed Tony Blair #39;s bid to kick-start the Middle East peace process. In his congratulation message to the newly re-elected US president, Blair called 	3
3	Bush thanks scandal-plagued Italy PM for war cooperation  Days after he was acquitted in a corruption trial, Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi got a warm welcome Wednesday from President Bush, who is grateful to Italy as a rare European ally willing to send troops to Iraq.	0
0	Kerry slams Bush over missing Iraq explosives (AFP)  AFP - Democratic hopeful John Kerry branded President George W. Bush's administration arrogant, blind, incompetent and guilty of  quot;great blunders quot; after the disappearance of 380 tons of high explosives in Iraq.	0 1
1	Kerry hits Bush for  #39;colossal failures of judgment #39; in Iraq  NEW YORK - John Kerry issued a scathing and pointed criticism Monday of President Bush #39;s Iraq policies, saying Bush had repeatedly misled the American public and had compiled  quot;a long litany of misjudgments with terrible consequences.	0 1
0	Sharon Rejects Settler Demands Over Gaza  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, flanked by Deputy Prime Minister Ehud Olmert, left, and Cabinet Secretary Yisrael Maimon, right, begins his weekly cabinet meeting, at his office, in Jerusalem, Sunday, Oct. 17, 2004.	4
1	Poll: Candidates Neck and Neck  Oct. 18, 2004 The 2004 campaign moves into its last two weeks with a close race, but one in which George W. Bush holds the advantage in a range of underlying measurements.	0
3	Bush Expects Upward Revision to Jobs Data (Reuters)  Reuters - The Bush administration expects revised data due on Friday to show the pace of job creation in the year leading up to March was much swifter than had been believed, economists who received a White House memo on the subject said on Tuesday.	0
1	Blair challenged by British hostage saga  TONY JONES: The ongoing saga of a British hostage held in Iraq is proving to be a real political challenge for Tony Blair. The family of Ken Bigley has attacked the Prime Minister for doing nothing, while Mr Bigley faces death.	3
0	More Musicians Trying to Unseat Bush  NEW YORK - The coalition of the willing-to-rock is growing. Sheryl Crow, Jack Johnson and Crosby, Stills   Nash have joined the nearly 20 other musicians trying to unseat President Bush in November...	0
1	Bush Defends Iraq Invasion Despite Report  Faced with a harshly critical new report, President Bush conceded Thursday that Iraq did not have the stockpiles of banned weapons he had warned of before the invasion last 	0
0	Iran Rejects Kerry Nuclear Proposal  Iran on Sunday rejected a proposal by US presidential candidate John Kerry who has suggested supplying the Islamic state with nuclear fuel for power reactors if Tehran agrees to give up its own fuel-making capability.	1
1	President Bush Hot Box Office in British Theater   LONDON (Reuters) - In a country enraged by Tony Blair's  decision to join America in invading Iraq, nothing fills a  theater faster than a play about George W. Bush.	0 3
1	Kerry stays on offense in Elyria  Elyria - Appearing relaxed and sounding confident after Friday night #39;s debate, John Kerry came to Ohio for the 20th time Saturday and blasted the president and his administration for what he called incompetence and an inability to see their own flaws.	1
0	Sharon weighs Gaza olive branch  Israeli PM Ariel Sharon says he would consider co-ordinating his Gaza pullout plan with new Palestinian leaders if they moved to curb attacks on Israelis.	4
1	Knesset heads towards Gaza vote  The Israeli parliament is set for a second tempestuous day of debate ahead of a vote on whether to withdraw from the Gaza Strip. Monday saw Prime Minister Ariel Sharon urge the Knesset to back the planned 	4
0	Israel Cabinet OKs Settlers' Compensation (AP)  AP - Israel's Cabinet approved a compensation plan Sunday for settlers who will be uprooted by Ariel Sharon's plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip and part of the West Bank, handing the prime minister an important victory two days before a showdown in parliament over the pullout.	4
1	Bush, Republicans Bask In Victory, But National Divide Persists  President George W. Bush has won a second four-year term in office, gaining a larger margin of victory than four years ago but still presiding over a divided nation.	0
3	Bush signs  $136 billion tax-cut bill with no fanfare  WASHINGTON President Bush has signed into law the most sweeping rewrite of corporate tax law in nearly two decades. Bush signed the bill today with no fanfare, during a flight on Air Force One to a campaign stop in Pennsylvania.	0
0	Netanyahu to PM: I #39;ll stay in gov #39;t  Finance Minister Binyamin Netanyahu announced his long-awaited decision to remain in the government on Tuesday in a meeting with Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, but it came with a catch: Netanyahu demanded a reassessment of unilateral disengagement.	4
0	U.S. Needs to Offer More to N.Korea-Security Report   SEOUL (Reuters) - Divisions in President Bush's first  administration gave North Korea valuable time to develop  weapons and he needs to put far more on the table to get it to  end its nuclear plans, a security group said on Monday.	0
1	Edwards: Bush could stop swift boat ads  Democratic vice presidential nominee John Edwards called on Saturday for President Bush to condemn the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth ad campaign.	0
1	Both Candidates Use McCain in Campaign Ads  NEW YORK Aug. 29, 2004 - Republican maverick John McCain campaigns with President Bush. He #39;s good friends with Democrat John Kerry.	0
0	Batman scales Buckingham Palace in protest  A campaigner dressed as Batman, from the fathers #39; rights group that pelted Prime Minister Tony Blair with flour-filled condoms, has staged a dramatic protest on a Buckingham Palace balcony.	3
0	Florida Voters Given Early Voting Option  WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. - The deciding votes in this critical battleground state could be cast long before President Bush and Sen...	0
0	Cheney Defends U.S. Invasion of Iraq (AP)  AP - Vice President Dick Cheney sought Thursday to "clean up" a controversy he ignited this week, saying he does not believe that electing John Kerry president would mean the nation would be hit by another terrorist attack.	1
0	U.S. Servicemen React to Bush Guard Memos  ALBANY, Ga. - Frank Jones says he's angry about newly revealed memos that indicate President Bush got preferential treatment in the Air National Guard during the Vietnam war, but he's not surprised by favoritism in the Guard...	0
0	Likud Holds Key Vote, Sharon Warns of Elections   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  urged his Likud party on Thursday to vote for a governing  alliance with the Labor Party, warning that failure to do so  would force snap elections and derail his Gaza withdrawal plan.	4
0	Bush Signs  #36;33 Billion Security Budget (AP)  AP - President Bush signed legislation Monday that gives the Department of Homeland Security about  #36;33 billion to shore up the nation's borders, inspect incoming cargo, protect potential terror targets and train first responders.	0
0	Blair Demands Complete End to Ulster Violence  Prime Minister Tony Blair insisted today that there must be a complete and unequivocal end to violence by paramilitaries in Northern Ireland if the power-sharing executive is to be restored.	3
1	Now on DVD: The Passion of the Bush  The DVD "George W. Bush: Faith in the White House," marketed as a response to "Fahrenheit 9/11," portrays the president as God's warrior.	0
1	Arafat and his legacy  Yasser Arafat dominated the politics of the Middle East for four decades, and his death comes at a moment when the way ahead for this most intractable of conflicts has rarely looked so uncertain.	2
3	Storms dash dreams of Florida home (USATODAY.com)  USATODAY.com - Florida, which has lured more retirees and vacation homeowners than anywhere else, might be losing some appeal for the same reason it's so beautiful: its place in the tropics.Florida's hurricane-prone geography might be a growing liability. The poundings it has taken recently from hurricanes Charley, Frances and Ivan - with millions evacuated and millions left without power - are making some people think twice about buying property or retiring in a state so vulnerable. If government meteorologists are right, significant weather changes mean Florida will be seeing more hurricanes and more destructive hurricanes in decades to come.Tony DosSantos, 54, a federal employee in New York, is reconsidering plans to retire to the Sunshine State. Florida was high on his list of dream places to move to with wife RoseMaria. But Arizona, with its dry heat and quiet desert, now tops his list. Recent hurricanes convinced him he doesn't want to spend his golden years fleeing life-threatening storms."News reports did a good job of dramatizing what people go through when a hurricane hits," he says. "I don't want to experience that trauma." Santa Fe is looking better to Sheryl Kottler Oshrin, 48. The Case Western University professional in Cleveland spent 12 years in Florida as a college student and at work. She dreamed of owning a home on Florida's Gulf Coast. Now, "The idea of being down there is terrifying," she says. "You look at this storm from your safe cocoon in the Midwest, and it looks really frightening."Hurricane Frances was such a wide storm that on TV, it looked like a huge orange blob out to swallow the state. Ivan, whose strong winds made it at one point a Category 5 storm, the most destructive, was called "Ivan the Terrible." It thundered ashore Thursday near the Alabama-Florida border, crushing buildings in Pensacola, Fla., before heading inland. About 300,000 Florida Panhandle residents lost power.Aside from the fear factor, shoppers are finding that real estate in much of Florida is no longer so cheap to buy and own. Florida has no state income tax, a big draw for prospective buyers. But in some areas, home and condominium prices last year jumped 20 or more amid record-low mortgage interest rates, strong housing demand and investor speculation. Past hurricanes already have roughly doubled insurance premiums statewide. In southeast Florida, premiums have at least tripled since Hurricane Andrew, the nation's costliest natural disaster, damaged or destroyed 130,000 homes 12 years ago.With the new spate of storms, "there will be a group of buyers who say, 'I don't need this,' " says veteran real estate adviser Michael Cannon of Integra Realty Resources in Miami. "People are already paying top dollar for real estate. Now, some may decide to rent rather than buy. If that happens, prices will top off." In the first half of 2004, the average price of a new single-family home hit a record  #36;400,000-plus in Broward and Palm Beach counties, Cannon's figures show. But in the most exclusive neighborhoods in southeast Florida, homes start at around  #36;700,000, and homes right on the water start at  #36;1 million. John Talbott, author of The Coming Crash in the Housing Market, notes that baby boomers buying vacation and retirement homes are helping drive up prices, but he thinks the hurricanes might give some pause. "Such a devastating natural disaster would have to make some of them rethink their choice of location," he says.State officials are quick to point out that Florida has weathered numerous hurricanes in the past and continued to prosper. "Florida has proven itself an extremely resilient state," says Scott Openshaw, spokesman for Gov. Jeb Bush's economic development office. He says Bush and other state officials think this hurricane season will have a short-term effect on investment, but no long-term damage.Building while dodging Hurricane Andrew preceded a decade of spectacular growth in southeast Florida, fueled in part by billions of dollars in insurance payouts. But during that decade, southeast Florida was repeatedly spared a direct hit from a major hurricane. Southeast Florida became the glamorous address of choice for sports, film and music stars. Miami Beach enjoyed a renaissance, with condo towers reaching new heights and "South Beach" becoming a metaphor for everything hot. But even before hurricane activity heated up this year, U.S. retiree migration to Florida had been slowing. In 2000, 19 of people over age 60 who migrated across state lines for retirement went to Florida, vs. 26 in 1980, says Charles Longino, a sociology professor at Wake Forest University. Florida still is the top destination for retirees over age 60 moving across state lines, followed by Arizona, California and Texas, he says. But Longino's research shows three-quarters of all retirees spend their golden years in the same homes and towns they lived in before they retired, a pattern he calls "retiring in place." He doubts Florida's recent reputation as a bull's-eye for deadly storms will put a big dent in the migration there."The odds of having three or four hurricanes in one season are infinitesimal," he says. But the nation's top meteorologists say this season's storms aren't a fluke. Scientists say subtle changes in ocean temperatures and winds are likely to make Florida's annual hurricane season - from June through November - worse in coming years.Prominent academics and scientists from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) say the region has entered a period of more powerful hurricanes than the USA has seen in a quarter century. Florida, with a vulnerable coast increasingly packed with homes, hotels and condominiums, could be at risk of much greater property damage and loss of life in the next two decades.Hurricanes have done an average of  #36;5 billion in annual damage in recent decades; Hurricane Andrew, a Category 5 storm that struck the Miami area in 1992 and did  #36;16 billion in damage (in 1992 dollars), was the exception. But since 1995, scientists say, the waters of the Atlantic and Caribbean have warmed slightly, and wind patterns that served to prevent formation of hurricanes, or break up existing ones, have weakened. As a result, experts foresee more hurricane damage, because storms will be stronger and because so many affluent people now live along Florida's coast in expensive homes and condos. About three quarters of Florida's 16 million residents live near the coast. Frances and Charley together have done about  #36;11 billion in insured damage so far this season. Ivan's damage is yet to be tallied, and hurricane season isn't over.In this new hurricane period, "a  #36;10 billion hurricane won't be a once-in-a-lifetime event. It could happen every three or for years," says meteorologist Chris Landsea of NOAA's Hurricane Research Division in Miami."There's no way Florida won't get more of these destructive storms," says Colorado State University professor Bill Gray, who has studied hurricanes since the '50s.More hurricanes would surely raise the price of paradise: higher building costs due to stricter building codes, higher insurance costs and more storm evacuations. Backing out of buying Already, some real estate agents have seen deals fall through. Paulette Butcher of Century 21 Aaward Associates in Port Charlotte, near where Charley came ashore, says one buyer backed out of a waterfront canal lot with a sale price of  #36;240,000. Another canceled a deal for a single-family home priced at more than  #36;400,000.But agents say the risks haven't deterred buyers elsewhere, especially when they think they're getting a deal. Greg Antonich, a ReMax agent in Daytona Beach, has seen no letup in demand for condo units starting at  #36;200,000 in a converted oceanfront hotel there. Because of hurricane scares, developers haven't been able to line up insurance and close sales. Even so, "We have people clamoring for units," Antonich says. "They are upset because they can't get reservations."Many people outside Florida still think the state's warm weather beats where they live. Bill and Mary Kalmar of Lake Orion, Mich., north of Detroit, plan to relocate to Florida next year, hurricanes or not. The winter cold and snow in Michigan are worse than anything they can imagine in Florida."I think I can outrun a hurricane," says Bill Kalmar, 61. "You can't outrun a Michigan winter."Deep thoughts But even some longtime Florida residents are having second thoughts this hurricane season. Carmel Ellis, 27, who owns a condo near Clearwater, is re-thinking her Florida dreams. Hurricane Charley missed her area, but gave her pause about a long-term plan to live on the Florida coast. "Growing up in Des Moines, I always had a dream about opening my doors and walking out onto a beach," says Ellis, a Web designer. After Charley, she says, she'd be happy with an inland house and backyard pool.To those who lost homes during Hurricane Andrew, that storm was a wrenching financial and emotional loss. Every new storm warning makes them uneasy.Linda and Irwin Bernstein evacuated their 3,800-square-foot home in the suburb of Pinecrest, south of Miami, before Andrew hit. When they returned, "It looked like an atomic bomb had struck," recalls Linda, 65. Their block was unrecognizable. Half their house was gone, and what contents were left were strewn everywhere.They sold the house as is, and moved to a condo on Miami Beach. When Frances brushed the Miami area Sept. 4, they evacuated again."I've thought about leaving Florida," says Linda, who has lived in the state 43 years. "I'd love to have two homes, so we could spend the winter here and summer somewhere else. You can keep hurricane season. We're tired of it."	0
0	Bush faces foreign challenges  The international problems facing President Bush look no less daunting in the rosy dawn of a new term. But if Iraq stabilizes enough to give the president breathing room, the 	0
0	Networks Object to Ads Using News Footage (AP)  AP - The television airwaves are public, but the TV networks are insisting that interviews broadcast on them are not. Networks are objecting to political advertisements that contain clips of Sen. John Kerry or President Bush on news shows such as NBC's "Meet the Press" or ABC's "Good Morning America."	0 1
0	Aides say Arafat in charge  Palestinian President Yasser Arafat is gradually recovering from serious illness after a weekend of treatment and tests at a French military hospital.	2
0	As trial opens, cleric accused in Bali bombings declares innocence  JAKARTA, Indonesia -- A Muslim cleric accused of heading the terror group blamed for the Bali bombings proclaimed his innocence and said the charges were the work of President Bush and  quot;his slave quot; -- Australian Prime Minister John Howard -- at the opening of his trial yesterday.	0
0	Arafat's Widow Retrieves Medical Records (AP)  AP - Yasser Arafat's widow took possession of his widely sought medical records on Friday, and was deciding whether to release the information publicly, her lawyer said.	2
1	Arafat #39;s condition critical but not irreversible: aide  The health of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat remains  quot;critical quot; but not  quot;irreversible quot;, his senior aide said Saturday.	2
0	UK troop redeployment not political: Hoon  LONDON - Britain may move some soldiers around inside Iraq, the UK defence minister said Monday, but denied the redeployment to more dangerous areas would be a show of support for US President George W. Bush.	0
0	Allawi Touts Iraq Progress, Thanks U.S.  WASHINGTON - Offering a simple, "Thank you America," Iraqi interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi declared Thursday that his country is succeeding in its effort to move past the war that ousted Saddam Hussein.    In an appearance that President Bush's advisers hoped would ease American voters' doubts about the troubled campaign in Iraq, Allawi told a joint meeting of Congress that despite struggles and setbacks, "the values of liberty and democracy" are taking hold there...	0
1	Kerry says he has best ideas on Indian health care  Presidential candidate John Kerry continues to trumpet a plan that he says will eliminate health care inequalities faced by the American Indian population.	1
1	PLO says sick Arafat is still in charge  Leaders of the Palestine Liberation Organisation affirmed today that Yasser Arafat remained very much in charge despite his absence for urgent medical treatment in France.	2
0	Prosettlement party to quit Sharon government over pullout  JERUSALEM -- A prosettlement party said yesterday that it plans to quit Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's coalition government over his plan to pull out of the Gaza Strip and part of the West Bank, further eroding his hold on power.	4
1	Democracy campaigner enters race  A PALESTINIAN democracy activist who has campaigned for non-violent resistance to Israeli occupation said today he would run for president to succeed Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Kerry Slams 'Wrong War in the Wrong Place' (AP)  AP - Democrat John Kerry accused President Bush on Monday of sending U.S. troops to the "wrong war in the wrong place at the wrong time" and said he'd try to bring them all home in four years. Bush rebuked him for taking "yet another new position" on the war.	0 1
0	German FM meets with Palestinian leadership ahead of talks in Israel (AFP)  AFP - German Foreign Minister Joschka Fischer arrived in the West Bank for talks with the new Palestinian leadership ahead of a meeting later in the day with Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon.	4
0	Cheney Blunder Lauded Anti-Bush Web Site (Reuters)  Reuters - Vice President Dick Cheney probably did not intend to direct millions of television viewers to a Web site calling for President Bush's defeat but that's what a slip of the domain achieved.	0
0	Israel tells Powell:  #39;We back Palestinian elections #39;  Israel leaders today assured Colin Powell that they will do their utmost to ensure that Palestinian elections to choose a successor to Yassir Arafat go smoothly, including easing 	2
1	Bush Keeps Rumsfeld, Names Kerik; Thompson Leaves  President Bush has asked Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld to stay on in Bush #39;s second term to keep running the Iraq war and adapting the US military to face post-Cold 	0
1	New effort could revive Northern Ireland peace process  BELFAST - British Prime Minister Tony Blair and Irish Prime Minister Bertie Ahern are due to travel to Belfast on Wednesday to finalize a deal which could end two years of stalemate in the Northern Ireland peace process.	3
1	Blair faces crucial Labour test  With opinion polls stacking against him, British Prime Minister Tony Blair is making a crucial speech to his Labour Party conference on Tuesday.	3
0	Blair to be treated for irregular heartbeat  The British Prime Minister Tony Blair is being admitted to hospital today for a procedure to correct an irregular heartbeat. The 51-year-old has had a recurrence of the heart flutter he suffered last October.	3
0	Flags, smoke and tears for the father of their nation  PALESTINIANS at home and abroad wept, waved flags, and burned tyres in an eruption of grief over the death of Yasser Arafat, the man they consider the father of their nation.	2
0	Bin Laden #39;s candidate  BRYAN DENCH #39;S letter  quot;Bush is the right man to lead us in wartime quot; (Oct. 17) asks the question:  quot;Whom do you think our terrorist enemies and their sympathizers would rather see elected?	0
0	Militant Chief Wounded in Israeli Strike in Gaza  A militant leader survived an Israeli missile strike on his car in Gaza on Thursday in Israel #39;s first assassination attempt in the Palestinian territories since Yasser Arafat died in a Paris hospital.	2
0	Israel seals off W. Bank, Gaza hours after Arafat #39;s death  Israel sealed off West Bank and Gaza Strip, sent reinforcements to the two areas and tightened security at Jewish settlements Thursday just hours after Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s death.	2
1	Farewell Yasser Arafat  GAZA CITY, 12 November 2004 - The world will bid farewell to Abu Ammar, Yasser Arafat, as one of the towering figures of Arab politics embarks on his final journey with a state funeral in Cairo today followed by a solemn burial ceremony in Ramallah.	2
0	Kerry Assails Deficit As Bush's Fault  GREENSBORO, N.C. - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry said Tuesday's projection of a record budget deficit this election year and the continuing movement of U.S...	0 1
1	Kellogg appoints Jenness CEO after Gutierrez resigns to join <b>...</b>  DETROIT - President Bush #39;s choice of Kellogg chief executive Carlos Gutierrez as commerce secretary leaves the cereal and snack giant without the dynamic leader who has guided its remarkable turnaround.	0
0	Bush Touts U.S.-Backed Anti-Drug Efforts  President Bush aims to highlight the benefits of American drug-fighting aid in Colombia and boost a conservative Latin American leader with a brief, security-laden stop in the Andean nation.	0
0	Middle East Movement  ISRAELI PRIME Minister Ariel Sharon succeeded this week in taking an important step toward the removal of Israeli settlements and soldiers from the Gaza Strip -- only to be overshadowed by the potentially grave illness of his old nemesis.	4
1	Bush Three Points Up In Ohio  (CPOD) Oct. 31, 2004 - George W. Bush holds the lead in the state of Ohio, according to a poll by Mason-Dixon Polling and Research Inc.	0
0	Bush Asks Americans to Support Soldiers (AP)  AP - Standing before thousands of Marines, President Bush asked other Americans on Tuesday to make the war their own by helping battle-weary troops and their families.	0
0	Questions Surface About Bush Memos (AP)  AP - Questions are being raised about the authenticity of newly unearthed memos which asserted that George W. Bush ignored a direct order from a superior officer in the Texas Air National Guard and lost his status as a pilot because he failed to meet military performance standards and undergo a required physical exam.	0
1	CBS retraction of Bush Guard story  WASHINGTON - Five Texas Republicans are among the members of Congress demanding that CBS retract its story about President Bush #39;s Vietnam-era service in the Texas Air National Guard amid allegations that documents used for the story are forgeries.	0
1	Kerry Does 'Top Ten' on Letterman Show (AP)  AP - Democrat John Kerry joked Monday on "The Late Show with David Letterman" about changes under President Bush's tax plan, including that Vice President Dick Cheney can claim the president as a dependent.	0 1
0	Bush Criticizes Anti-Kerry Television Ad  WASHINGTON - President Bush on Monday criticized a commercial that accused John Kerry of inflating his own Vietnam War record, more than a week after the ad stopped running, and said broadcast attacks by outside groups have no place in the race for the White House.   "I think they're bad for the system," added Bush, who had ignored calls to condemn the ad while it was on the air...	0 1
0	Bush Defends Pakistan's Hunt for Bin Laden (AP)  AP - President Bush on Saturday defended Pakistan's cooperation in the hunt for Osama bin Laden despite the inability of U.S. and Pakistani troops to find the al-Qaida leader who, Bush once declared, was wanted dead or alive.	0
0	Cheney Lectures Kerry on True Leadership (AP)  AP - Vice President Dick Cheney criticized John Kerry for telling National Guard veterans Thursday that he'll always tell the truth to the American people, saying "true leadership requires the ability to make a decision."	1
0	9/11 Weighs Heavy on N.J. Voters' Minds (AP)  AP - One fact led President Bush to choose New Jersey, a Democratic presidential stronghold, as the backdrop for a homeland security campaign speech Monday: terror and the Sept. 11 attacks are as crucial for New Jersey voters as they are for Bush's re-election campaign.	0
1	Israel promises help for Palestinian vote  Israeli leaders Monday promised US Secretary of State Colin Powell to help the Palestinians elect a president. The elections, in the wake of Palestinian president Yasser Arafat #39;s death, are scheduled for Jan. 9.	2
0	After Citing Doubt, Bush to Say 'We Will Win' Terror War  The president plans to declare that the U.S. will win the war on terrorism, despite his comments suggesting otherwise on Monday.	0
1	AdWatch: Bush Criticizes Kerry on Taxes  AIRING: National cable networks and local media markets in most of the 19 battleground states where Bush is on the air. Bush: I #39;m George W. Bush and I approve this message.	0
0	Bush, Kerry Slam Failures of Leadership (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush and Democratic Sen. John Kerry accused each other on Wednesday of fundamental failures of leadership and vision in Iraq and the war on terror, and claimed the world would be more dangerous with their opponent in the White House.	0 1
0	Israel's Sharon Agrees to Changes to W. Bank Barrier   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon agreed to  changes in the route of Israel's West Bank barrier on Monday  but insisted on keeping key Jewish settlement blocks inside,  political sources said.	4
1	Recuperating Clinton Stumping for Kerry  Former President Clinton doesn #39;t believe he is taking a risk by campaigning for presidential hopeful John Kerry so soon after heart surgery.	1
0	Heinz Kerry Bashes Health Care Plan Foes  LANCASTER, Pa. - Teresa Heinz Kerry says "only an idiot" would fail to support the health care plan proposed by her husband, Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry...	1
0	Bush Likely to Raise Currency Issue with China's Hu (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush is likely to raise U.S. concerns about China's currency policies when he meets at a summit in Chile with Chinese President Hu Jintao, a senior U.S. official said on Wednesday.	0
1	Blair is  #39;absolutely fine #39; after medical procedure  LONDON Prime Minister Tony Blair underwent a successful medical procedure on his heart Friday, correcting an irregular beat that was diagnosed and first treated in October 2003.	3
0	Iraq War Foes Focus on Alternative Agenda to Bush (Reuters)  Reuters - On the eve of President Bush's address to the United Nations, domestic and foreign critics of his Iraq war policy focused on a radically different international agenda on Monday.	0
0	Who cares about Kerry? It's Bush we can't stand, say Vietnamese (AFP)  AFP - The question of whether presidential candidate John Kerry was a coward or a leader during the Vietnam War might be raging in the United States, but on the streets of Hanoi people hope for just one result from the American election -- the exit of George W. Bush.	0 1
1	US Lifts Trade Embargo on Libya in Return for Promise on Arms  President Bush revoked the United States trade embargo on Libya on Monday and took other steps aimed at eventually establishing normal relations with the government of Col.	0
0	8 Battleground States May Decide Election  WASHINGTON - Eight states worth just 99 electoral votes are up for grabs in the closely fought presidential race, with the White House going to whoever conquers this shrinking battlefield.    While another dozen states could come into play if either candidate breaks open the race, President Bush and Democratic Sen...	0
3	2 gas plants needed for N.E.  At least two of the roughly dozen liquefied natural gas plants proposed for New England and eastern Canada must get built by 2010 to ensure New England has adequate supplies of gas for heating and power generation, President Bush's top energy regulator said yesterday.	0
0	Bush, Kerry Square Off Over Iraq, Jobs (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush accused Sen. John Kerry on Friday of being too inconsistent to lead the country but Kerry shot back that the president was using that line of attack to shift attention from his deceptions on Iraq.	0 1
1	Bush Steps Up Attacks as Iraq, Economy Give Kerry New Openings  President George W. Bush stepped up his attacks on Democratic nominee John Kerry, seeking to offset damaging news about missing explosives in Iraq and the loss of jobs in some battleground states.	0 1
0	Officer Wrote Letter to Bush's Father  WASHINGTON - A packet of Texas Air National Guard records newly released Friday showed that the commanding officer of President Bush's basic training unit took a special interest in him as a trainee and wrote to his father to praise his son.    Bush's father, then a congressman from Texas, said in reply to the commander, "That a major general in the Air Force would take interest in a brand new Air Force trainee made a big impression on me."   Bush went on to say that his son "will be a gung ho member" of the Air Force and that Air Force instructors had "helped awaken the very best instincts in my son."   The letter and other material were the latest in a stream of documents released about Bush's service three decades ago during the Vietnam War, when Bush's critics say he got preferential treatment as the son of a congressman and U.N...	0
1	Bush Campaign Drops Song After Writer Complains (Reuters)  Reuters - The Bush campaign agreed on Friday to stop playing the 1976 hit "Still The One" -- by the band Orleans -- at Bush's rallies, after the song's writer, John Hall, protested its use by the president and backed the challenger, Democratic Sen. John Kerry.	0 1
0	Bush paints Kerry as dangerous leftist ahead of final debate (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush's tactic heading into the third and final presidential debate this week is to paint his opponent John Kerry as a dangerous leftist who wants to increase the government's role in public life.	0 1
1	Bush critics off their guard  THE HIGHLY DUBIOUS CBS story that featured what appear to be bogus documents about President Bush #39;s National Guard duty is likely to prove the rule of mudslinging: When a charge doesn #39;t resonate with the public, more mud sticks to the slinger than the 	0
0	CIA Nominee Goss Vows to Be Bipartisan  WASHINGTON - President Bush's nominee to be CIA director, Rep. Porter Goss, told critics who say he's too partisan for the job that he understands the importance of independent, objective intelligence, despite his nearly 16 years as a Republican partisan in Congress...	0
1	Middle East ; Fatah: Barghouti to run for Palestinian president  Middle East News, Jailed West Bank leader Marwan Al Barghouti decided to run for Palestinian president in January elections to succeed the late Palestinian leader, Yasser Arafat, a member of the dominant Fatah faction #39;s higher committee said on Thursday.	2
1	Bush signs executive orders to reform US intelligence  President Bush on Friday signed executive orders designed to strengthen the CIA director #39;s power over the nation #39;s intelligence agencies and create a national counterterrorism center, responding to election-year pressures to enact changes called for by 	0
0	Kerry: Bush 'Aggrandized, Fictionalized' Saddam (Reuters)  Reuters - Democratic challenger John Kerry ripped into President Bush on Thursday for a pattern of deception on Iraq that made up Saddam Hussein as a threat to the United States.	0 1
0	Britain signals support for US request to move its troops in Iraq  LONDON (CP) - Britain gave the strongest signal yet on Tuesday that it will agree to a United States request to move its troops in Iraq to support American military operations as pressure builds on Prime Minister Tony Blair to reject the overture.	3
0	Kerry Rolls Out Health Care Ad (AP)  AP - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry argues that "over a million more Americans would lose their health insurance coverage" under President Bush in a television ad the Democrat's campaign rolled out Tuesday.	0 1
1	President to push for tax simplification, retirement reform  WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- President Bush promised to push an ambitious agenda in his second term Thursday, one day after Democratic challenger John Kerry conceded the race for the White House.	0 1
2	Schilling cancels scheduled appearance wih Bush  _ Newly minted World Series hero Curt Schilling canceled a scheduled campaign appearance with President Bush on Friday, saying his doctors advised him not to travel because of his injured ankle.	0
0	UK hostage #39;s last appeal on Web  A video tape posted on the Internet on Sunday shows British hostage Kenneth Bigley making a last appeal to Prime Minister Tony Blair to meet the demands of the militants holding him in Iraq before being beheaded.	3
1	The twin challenges in Palestine and other Arab countries  The Palestinian intifada marked the completion of its fourth consecutive year yesterday, and, not surprisingly, Palestinian street anger is directed these days at both the Israelis for their brutal occupation and at Yasser Arafat #39;s incompetent and often 	2
0	Exacting Detail Behind Presidential Debate (AP)  AP - There is a lot of fine print in the document spelling out rules for the debates between President Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry.	0 1
0	Bush Acknowledges Iraq 'Miscalculation'  WASHINGTON - President Bush said for the first time on Thursday he made a "miscalculation of what the conditions would be" after U.S. troops went to Iraq, The New York Times reported...	0
0	Gaza Plan May Bring Palestinian State-Sharon Aide (Reuters)  Reuters - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's chief of staff on Thursday called a Gaza withdrawal plan a possible step toward a Palestinian state, in a clear sign of softening following Yasser Arafat's death.	2 4
1	Intelligence test  UNTIL THE last few days, President Bush has been slow to use the political capital he boasted of acquiring on Election Day to push for enactment of legislation reforming the nation #39;s intelligence establishment.	0
1	Reality will bite  Have no doubt about it: President George W. Bush knows where he wants to go and what he wants to do. He told Americans time and again during the campaign what his agenda would be, and he is, after all, a man of his word.	0
0	Kerry Will Begin Ad Blitz in Seven States (AP)  AP - John Kerry will begin his post-Labor Day advertising blitz in seven states from New Hampshire to New Mexico, his political Ground Zero for a  #36;50 million campaign scheduled to expand into another 13 states by Nov. 2.	1
1	Bush Defends Record  Lititz, Pa. -- President Bush says John Kerry #39;s  quot;wild quot; charges about missing explosives in Iraq show he #39;ll say  quot;anything to get elected.	0 1
0	White House on Defensive After Bremer Talk  WASHINGTON - The White House staunchly defended its Iraq policy Tuesday as new questions emerged about President Bush's prewar decisions and postwar planning: An impending weapons report undercut the administration's main rationale for the war, and the former head of the American occupation said the United States had too few troops in Iraq after the invasion.    Four weeks before Election Day, Democrat John Kerry pounced on the acknowledgment by former Iraq administrator Paul Bremer that the United States had "paid a big price" for insufficient troop levels...	0
0	The Waning Loyalists  (IsraelNN.com) The Likud loyalist faction, which numbered close to twenty at its prime, has diminished to a mere nine Likud faction members voting against giving Prime Minister Ariel Sharon a mandate to bring the Labor Party into the government.	4
1	Vice presidential debate  Let #39;s pretend for a moment there is no election and that last week #39;s meeting between President George W. Bush and Sen. John Kerry was just an elevated chat, akin to the question-and-answer sessions British 	0 1
0	Candidates Spar After Contentious Debate (AP)  AP - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry, their animosity stirred by a contentious second debate, lit into each other over Iraq, jobs and debate performance on Saturday in critical battleground states.	0 1
1	Four years later, voters more deeply divided  President Bush and challenger John F. Kerry were still searching early this morning for the crucial edge in a handful of battleground states in an election 	0
0	Report May Undercut Bush's Iraq Rationale  WASHINGTON - The final report of the chief U.S. arms inspector for Iraq is expected to undercut a principal Bush administration rationale for removing Saddam Hussein: that Saddam's Iraqi government had weapons of mass destruction...	0
1	Rather issues apology  In a mea culpa that could cast a pall over the television news industry, the network yesterday said that memos relating to President George W. Bush #39;s service in the Texas National Guard were likely forgeries.	0
0	Arafat breaks Ramadan fast at urging of doctors, to undergo more <b>...</b>  RAMALLAH, West Bank A weakened Yasser Arafat is listening to his doctors and breaking his Ramadan fast, while a Palestinian hospital official says the problem is a large gallstone.	2
1	True conservatives would back Kerry  If they were true to their principles, moderate Republicans and consistent conservatives would be supporting John Kerry. Instead, their acquiescence to the reckless whims of George W. Bush marks a descent 	0 1
1	Hostage #39;s tearful plea has become chillingly familiar  It has become all too familiar: the pale, shocked face of a hostage, crumpled in fear and despair, begging Prime Minister Tony Blair to concede to the captors #39; demands and spare another Briton from the savagery of the executioner #39;s sword.	3
0	Lawsuit Uncovers New Bush Guard Records  WASHINGTON - Months after insisting it could find no more records of President Bush's Air National Guard service, the Defense Department has released more than two dozen pages of files, including Bush's report card for flight training and dates of his flights.    The records, released under pressure of a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit by The Associated Press, show Bush ranked in the middle of his 1969 flight training class and flew 336 hours for the Texas Air National Guard, mostly in the F-102A fighter...	0
1	Bush and Kerry Campaigns Say Voter Turnout Is Key Factor  The Bush and Kerry campaigns entered the final hours of one of the most bitterly fought elections in United States history by swapping sharp charges about Osama bin 	0 1
0	Bush's Nephew Campaigns in Mexico (AP)  AP - President Bush's young, Hispanic nephew and his bride are on the campaign trail  #151; in Mexico, where they are joining the increasingly vigorous battle for the votes of 1 million U.S. citizens living south of the border.	0
0	Bush gets backing from South Asia  The governments of Pakistan, India and Afghanistan  welcome  President Bush's re-election.	0
0	Chaos as thousands swarm Arafat burial  By Philippe Naughton, Times Online, and Stephen Farrell in Ramallah. Yassir Arafat was laid to rest in the West Bank city of Ramallah today amid a chaotic send-off from the people he had led as fighter and figurehead for almost four decades.	2
1	Presidential Poll Results Show Bush, Kerry Remain in Close Race  John Kerry, the four-term Massachusetts senator, benefited from three debates with President George W. Bush to draw about even in voter preference and erase Bush #39;s advantage on personal 	0 1
0	Bush, Allawi, defend US strategy in Iraq (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush cautioned against showing weakness at a  quot;decisive moment quot; in Iraq as he and visiting Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi warned of worsening violence there ahead of elections scheduled for January.	0
1	US gives tacit OK to housing in West Bank  Washington -- The Bush administration, moving to lend political support to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon at a time of political turmoil, has signaled approval of growth in at least some Israeli settlements in the occupied West Bank, American and Israeli 	4
1	On the stump, the art of distortion  As he often does at campaign events, President Bush got his biggest rise out of the crowd in Bangor Thursday afternoon when he said he was simply paraphrasing Senator John F. Kerry #39;s statements.	0
0	Recuperating Blair returns to work amid buzz of battle to succeed him (AFP)  AFP - After a weekend in the English countryside to rest up from a minor heart operation, Prime Minister Tony Blair returns to work Monday amid a battle to succeed him that may hurt his ruling Labour Party in the next general election.	3
0	Kerry Wins Backing from Nobel Economics Laureates (Reuters)  Reuters - John Kerry won the endorsement of 10 Nobel Prize-winning economists on Wednesday as he attacked President Bush for policies that he said have led to the creation of only low-paying jobs.	0 1
3	Is It the Economy?  If economic discontent had a face in this election season, it might look something like Kenneth Tyner's. But just because the 30-year-old is suiting up these days for a new job at a Flint, Mich., McDonald's, just because he hasn't held a job longer than seven months in the past four years, doesn't mean Tyner is seething against President Bush.	0
1	Bush #39;s hat trick  After three very different debates, Bush still has the lead in the  quot;horse race quot; and in the electoral college vote tallies.	0
0	White House highlights doubts about reports Bush had help avoiding Vietnam duty (AFP)  AFP - The White House emphasized doubts surrounding documents used in a recent CBS News report, claiming that US President George W. Bush had help in escaping Vietnam War duty.	0
1	Four More Years for Bush; Kerry Concedes in Phone Call to <b>...</b>  This time around, it won #39;t be a flood of lawyers and hanging chads like in 2000. In a call to President Bush Wednesday morning shortly after 11 am (EST), Massachusetts Sen. John Kerry (D) conceded the 2004 	0 1
0	Rove Testifies in CIA Leak Investigation  WASHINGTON - President Bush's top political adviser, Karl Rove, testified Friday before a federal grand jury trying to determine who leaked the name of an undercover CIA officer.    Rove spent more than two hours testifying before the panel, according to an administration official who spoke only on condition of anonymity because such proceedings are secret...	0
1	Florida voters urged to cast ballots early starting today  The deciding votes in this critical battleground state could be cast long before President George W Bush and challenger John Kerry make their final pleas to voters.	1
3	Blair moves from welfare state to opportunity society  Tony Blair will today set out plans for radical reform of the welfare state ahead of a highly critical report on the Government #39;s record on pensions.	3
0	WTO Framework Deal 'Positive' - Kerry Campaign (Reuters)  Reuters - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry supports an agreement negotiated by the Bush administration to relaunch long-stalled world trade talks and potentially slash billions of dollars in U.S. farm subsidies, campaign officials said on Wednesday.	1
0	Mass. Lawmakers Tout Kerry in 6 States (AP)  AP - When the busload of campaign volunteers left Arlington, Mass., on Saturday to knock on doors in neighboring New Hampshire, Rep. Ed Markey was on it.	1
1	3 Israelis die when teen blows himself up  TEL AVIV, Israel -- A 16-year-old Palestinian blew himself up in an outdoor market Monday, killing three Israelis and wounding 32 others, in the first suicide bombing since Yasser Arafat, the Palestinian Authority president, left the region for urgent 	2
1	CIA chief #39;s reach expanded; some question impact of decision  President Bush yesterday signed executive orders expanding the authority of the CIA director in what aides said was a first step toward enacting the intelligence reforms recommended by the bipartisan Sept.	0
0	Bush, Blair, vow to build democratic Iraq (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush said US-led forces had made  quot;substantial progress quot; towards securing Fallujah, and joined British Prime Minister Tony Blair in vowing that Iraq will be democratic.	0 3
0	US Changes West Bank Policy to Help Sharon: NYTimes (Reuters)  Reuters - The Bush administration has signaled approval of growth in some Israeli settlements in the West Bank in a policy change aimed at helping Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, the New York Times said on Saturday.	4
0	Economy, Iraq War Frame Bush-Kerry Debate  ST. LOUIS - A lackluster unemployment report and fresh questions about President Bush's rationale for invading Iraq frame the second face-to-face encounter Friday night between Bush and Sen...	0
1	Investors content to stay the course  Investors cheered President George W. Bush #39;s re-election yesterday, but analysts caution that when the cheering stops, investors might refocus on real problems that could still hold back the economy and stocks.	0
0	2004 Deficit Hits Record  $413 Billion  WASHINGTON - The federal deficit surged to a record  $413 billion in 2004, the Treasury Department announced Thursday, injecting the figure into a presidential campaign in which the two parties have clashed over President Bush's management of the economy and the budget.    The number was a significant improvement from the shortfalls that analysts projected earlier this year, including a  $521 billion estimate the Bush administration made in February...	0
0	Topics During the Presidential Debate (AP)  AP - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry on the issues at Wednesday's debate:	0 1
1	Upbeat Bush campaign rides convention bounce  President Bush tried to sustain the momentum from last week #39;s Republican National Convention with a weekend of campaigning focused on his 	0
1	Arafat to seek treatment in France  RAMALLAH, WEST BANK - Yasser Arafat is about to leave his compound in the West Bank for the first time in two and a half years. Two helicopters from Jordan were expected to arrive in Ramallah late Thursday 	2
0	McCain: Kerry Fair Game for Questioning  NEW YORK - Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., called advertisements run against John Kerry by pro-Republican Vietnam War veterans "dishonest and dishonorable" but said Monday it's legitimate to question the Democratic presidential candidate's anti-war efforts following his service...	1
1	Bush names pick for energy secretary  WASHINGTON - President Bush on Friday nominated Sam Bodman, currently a deputy secretary at the Treasury Department, to be his next energy secretary, replacing Spencer Abraham who last month announced his resignation.	0
1	Kerry promises to ease Senior #39;s health care costs  Health care costs have risen much faster than the increases in social Security benefits, says John Kerry. He says the elderly of America will have a much better deal if he becomes President.	1
0	Iraq intelligence faulty, Blair admits to his party  With the war in Iraq dividing his government and eroding trust in his leadership, Prime Minister Tony Blair yesterday conceded at 	3
0	POLL-Kerry Opens Three-Point Lead on Bush (Reuters)  Reuters - Democratic challenger John Kerry expanded his slight lead over President Bush to three points in a tight race for the White House, according to a Reuters/Zogby poll released on Monday.	0 1
0	Yucca Foe's Aide to Decide on Its License (AP)  AP - In a deal to let 175 of President Bush's nominees take office, an adviser to new Democratic leader Harry Reid, the Senate's staunchest opponent of a nuclear waste dump in Nevada, will be named to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission.	0
0	UK #39;s Brown Says Blair Doing the Right Thing to Save Bigley  UK Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown said the nation should rally behind Prime Minister Tony Blair and the way the government is handling talks with a terrorist group in Iraq that #39;s holding Kenneth Bigley hostage.	3
1	Bush To Nominate Kerik For Homeland Security Secretary  President Bush will nominate former New York Police Commissioner Bernard Kerick as the second Homeland Security Secretary, according to broadcast sources.	0
0	Sharon Proposes New Housing in West Bank Settlements  ERUSALEM, Aug. 17  The day before Prime Minister Ariel Sharon faces sharp debate about his policies at his own Likud Party convention, his government made an effort to pacify his critics today, issuing tenders for 1,001 new, ...	4
1	Bush branded an 'idiot' by Robbie  Pop star Robbie Williams calls US President George Bush an "idiot" on a visit to Mexico.	0
0	Bush on the spot in second presidential debate (AFP)  AFP - George W. Bush must drop his scowls and snarls in Friday's second presidential debate, after a poised Democratic hopeful John Kerry salvaged his White House dreams in their first showdown.	0 1
0	Blair rejects allegation he  quot;misrepresented quot; intelligence on Iraq <b>...</b>  LONDON, Oct 13 (AFP) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair on Wednesday rejected charges from the Conservative opposition that he  quot;misrepresented quot; intelligence used to make the case for invading Iraq.	3
1	Bush Attacks Kerry Over Allawi Visit  JANESVILLE, Wisconsin, Sept 24 (AFP) - US President George W. Bush accused Democratic White House hopeful John Kerry of turning his back on Iraq by doubting Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawis #39; upbeat forecasts for his country.	0 1
0	Blair seeks Bush's help on Mideast (Chicago Tribune)  Chicago Tribune - When British Prime Minister Tony Blair played host to the departing President Bill Clinton at the prime minister's country home, Blair posed a pointed question: How should he handle George W. Bush?	0 3
0	Sharon Seeks Parliament Support for Gaza Withdrawal (Reuters)  Reuters - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon seeks parliamentary approval on Monday for his plan to withdraw from the occupied Gaza Strip, the first time Israel would uproot Jewish settlements on land Palestinians want for a state.	4
1	Clinton campaigns for Kerry weeks after heart surgery  Former US president Bill Clinton campaigned for Democratic Senator John Kerry on Monday, seven weeks after undergoing heart surgery, saying Kerry would make America  quot;the Comeback Country.	1
0	A Crucial Test, but Not Final  George W. Bush and John Kerry ended the debates as they began them, with starkly defined differences on most issues.	0 1
0	'Safety Net' Removed From Sharon's Govt. (AP)  AP - The opposition Labor Party said Wednesday that it will stop acting as a political safety net for the government and begin opposing Prime Minister Ariel Sharon in parliament next week, jeopardizing his minority coalition and Gaza withdrawal plan.	4
0	Likely Bush victory stirs mixed reactions  With America #39;s hawkish President George W. Bush headed for a likely second term in office, the US election produced mixed reactions and a dose of caution in the troubled Middle East on Wednesday.	0
1	Liberal twists worthy of pretzel factory  I #39;ve been entertained while watching John Kerry and the Democrats as they wiggle themselves into a very bizarre situation. In the past few days, they have repeatedly said that the possibility that 380 tons 	1
0	Bush, Kerry Not Invited to Annual Dinner (AP)  AP - Neither President Bush nor Democratic challenger John Kerry has been invited to this year's Alfred E. Smith Memorial political dinner because campaign issues could detract from the "spirit" of the event, an official said Thursday.	0 1
0	Sharon Rejects Gaza Referendum  Israeli leader Ariel Sharon rejected calls from within his mutinous cabinet on Wednesday for a referendum on leaving Gaza after winning parliament's support to uproot settlements from land claimed by Palestinians.	4
1	Polls: Bush Trails Kerry in New York  President Bush (website - news - bio) got a convention bounce even in heavily Democratic New York but still trailed rival John Kerry (website - news - bio) , two statewide presidential polls said Wednesday.	0 1
1	CBS Says Was Misled About Bush Documents  NEW YORK Sept. 20, 2004 - CBS News apologized Monday for a  quot;mistake in judgment quot; in its story questioning President Bush #39;s National Guard service, claiming it was misled by the source of documents that several experts have dismissed as fakes.	0
0	Powell Arrives for Middle East Talks  Secretary of State Colin Powell arrived on Sunday for his first visit to Israel and the Palestinian territories in 18 months, signaling a new push for Middle East peace following the death of Yasser Arafat.	2
1	Bush Taps Rice to Replace Powell  President Bush has chosen his National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice to replace Secretary of State Colin Powell as America #39;s top diplomat.	0
0	Arafat to Be Flown for Treatment in France   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Seriously ill Palestinian  leader Yasser Arafat on Thursday prepared to fly to France for  treatment for a blood disorder as fears grew for the icon of  the Palestinian struggle for statehood.	2
0	World Leaders First, Then Cookie Monster (AP)  AP - Leaders from Iraq, Jordan and Senegal paraded through the White House Monday morning. By afternoon, President Bush was hosting Elmo and the Cookie Monster at a children's holiday party.	0
1	 #39;American Taliban #39; Appeals for Early Release  The lawyer for an American sentenced to 20 years in a US prison for fighting with the Taliban in Afghanistan appealed to President Bush to lessen his sentence after a man in a similar case was freed.	0
2	Toronto pitching #39;s good in battle of bad teams  Dave Bush provided a good seven innings. And another rookie right-hander, Jason Frasor, took over for him in the eighth. Then Justin Speier picked up the save when he took over from Frasor after a leadoff double in the ninth.	0
0	Blair Tries To Shore Up Divisions In Labour Party Over Iraq War  In a powerful speech at the party #39;s annual conference yesterday, British Prime Minister Tony Blair confronted the opposition to the Iraq war within his own ruling Labour Party and promised a third term in office.	3
1	Arafat #39;s Wife Lashes Out at Officials  Yasser Arafat #39;s wife accused his top lieutenants of seeking to grab power from her ailing husband, prompting three top Palestinian officials to abruptly cancel a visit to 	2
3	Kerry rebukes Bush over 'Sopranos' tax lecture (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush and Democratic rival John Kerry fought over who is the most wasteful spender in their televised election debate here.	0 1
0	Bush, Blair discuss peace prospects  Prime Minister Tony Blair sought consensus with President Bush on Thursday to make peace in the Middle East an urgent priority, exploring whether the death of Yasser Arafat offers 	0 2 3
1	Sharon says he is ready to work with Arafat #39;s successor  Ariel Sharon said yesterday that he would end his boycott of the Palestinian leadership and begin a new era of working with Yasser Arafat #39;s successors.	2 4
0	Bush Vows Rapid Aid to Hurricane Victims  PUNTA GORDA, Fla. - Residents left homeless by Hurricane Charley's 145 mph winds dug through their ravaged homes on Sunday, sweeping up shattered glass and rescuing what they could as President Bush promised rapid delivery of disaster aid...	0
1	Kerry Fights Back  At the start of every political contest it seems that the candidates always vow to focus on the issues and not go negative. But that rarely happens in American politics, and this presidential contest is no exception.	1
0	Sharon Says Gaza Settlers to Leave Homes  JERUSALEM - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon late Thursday ordered a troop pullout from a refugee camp, defense officials said, signaling that a two-week offensive in northern Gaza that has left more than 100 Palestinians dead could be easing.    The move came hours after Sharon announced that all 8,200 Jewish settlers will be pulled out of the Gaza Strip starting next summer and the operation will last 12 weeks...	4
1	Kerry says Bush big on excuses  Intensifying his attack on President Bush #39;s economic stewardship, Sen. John Kerry on Wednesday accused the president of not acknowledging policy mistakes the Democrat said had resulted 	0 1
1	Emergency team of doctors arrive to attend Arafat  Six Tunisian doctors arrived in Ramallah Saturday night amid growing concern for the health of Palestinian Authority Chairman Yasser Arafat.	2
0	China Lays Into  #39;Bush Doctrine #39; Ahead of US Poll  On the eve of the US election, China laid into what it called the  quot;Bush doctrine, quot; said the Iraq war has destroyed the global anti-terror coalition and blamed arrogance for the problems dogging the United States worldwide.	0
1	Bush outlines his vision  A triumphant George Bush has attempted to reach out to the world, insisting that  quot;every civilised country quot; has a stake in the US-led war on terror.	0
1	Palestinian sources: No change in Arafat #39;s condition  A source close to Yasser Arafat denied reports Wednesday that the Palestinian leader #39;s condition has deteriorated sharply, but another official acknowledged that his condition remained  quot;difficult.	2
0	Bush Signs Internet Tax, Special Ed Bills (AP)  AP - State and local governments will be barred from taxing connections that link people to the Internet for the next three years under legislation signed Friday by President Bush.	0
0	Blair faces fallout from Iraq soldier deaths  The deaths of three British soldiers in Iraq intensifies the controversy over the decision by Tony Blair #39;s government to send British troops to a more dangerous area and experts say worse is sure to come.	3
1	Bush rallies troops in California  CAMP PENDLETON, Calif. - President Bush, appearing before cheering US forces Tuesday, declared that terrorists wont be able to control Iraqs destiny because free people will never choose their own enslavement.	0
1	Vancouver Film Fest Gets Confrontational   VANCOUVER (Hollywood Reporter) - The Vancouver  International Film Festival, which is set to announce its  lineup Wednesday, is giving top billing this year to politics  and projects knocking President Bush.	0
0	'Armies of Darkness' Won't Stop Vote, Iraq's Yawar Says (Reuters)  Reuters - Iraq's interim president told George W. Bush at the White House Monday that the "armies of darkness" would not stop Iraqis voting next month, even though there is no let up in insurgents' efforts to wreck the election.	0
1	Blair and Bush Promise Push for Middle East Peace  By James Lyons and Andrew Woodcock, PA Political Correspondents. President George Bush and Tony Blair tonight vowed to make a renewed push for Middle East peace following the death of Yasser Arafat.	2 3
0	UK hostage appeals for Blair #39;s help  A British hostage threatened with death by a militant Islamic group appealed to Prime Minister Tony Blair of Britain yesterday to save 	3
0	Arafat  #39;does not need hospital #39;  Yasser Arafat #39;s medics flatly denied on Tuesday that the 75-year-old Palestinian leader needed hospital treatment after Israel gave clearance for him to be treated outside his West Bank headquarters.	2
0	Official: British Hostage Tried to Escape  BAGHDAD, Iraq - Kidnappers beheaded British hostage Kenneth Bigley after twice releasing videos in which he wept and pleaded with Prime Minister Tony Blair for his life. A U.S...	3
1	Bush, Kerry Take Offensive in Key States  FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry stayed on the offensive in swing states Sunday as the presidential race entered its final full week.	0 1
0	Arafat has gallstone, hospital official says  RAMALLAH, West Bank -- Yasser Arafat has a large gallstone, a Palestinian hospital official said yesterday, as the weakened Palestinian leader broke his Ramadan fast and underwent more medical tests at the urging of his doctors.	2
1	After Arafat -- who will fill the void?  FOR ALMOST a half century, the name Yasser Arafat was synonymous with Palestinian nationalism. Even as his global influence wanes, and his physical health deteriorates, Arafat provides a reed of continuity 	2
0	Arafat laid to rest in Ramallah  HAMISH ROBERTSON: First this morning to the sound of gunfire and the roar of more than 100,000 Palestinian mourners. Yasser Arafat has been laid to rest in the grounds of his headquarters in Ramallah.	2
1	Sharon tells army to prepare to leave Gaza under fire  JERUSALEM: Prime Minister Ariel Sharon ordered the Israeli Army to prepare itself for an evacuation under fire from the Gaza Strip where a Palestinian militant was shot dead in a botched bombing Sunday.	4
0	Rivals' Foreign Policy Stances Show Few Clear Distinctions  On Thursday night, President Bush and Senator John Kerry meet in their first debate on foreign policy.	0 1
0	Sharon Approves 1,000 Settlement Homes in W.Bank   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  has approved building tenders for 1,000 homes in Jewish  settlements in the West Bank frozen earlier to avoid upsetting  the United States, political sources said on Tuesday.	4
1	Bush and Kerry teams move toward agreement on debate schedule  The campaigns of President Bush and Sen. John Kerry are working on the final details for a series of presidential debates set to begin at the end of the month.	0 1
0	Sharon Says Israel Could Coordinate Gaza Pullout  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Israel was ready to coordinate its Gaza withdrawal plan with a future Palestinian government and said that could open the way for a broader peace agreement.	4
0	We #39;re Standing Up for Iraq Democracy, Insists Blair  Prime Minister Tony Blair vowed today to stand up for democracy in Iraq - and warned the insurgents would not be defeated by military means alone.	3
0	Quote of note   quot;Bush is a tyrant that puts Hitler into the shade and his group of such tyrants is a typical gang of political gangsters, quot; asserted a North Korean Foreign Ministry spokesman.	0
1	Bush nominates new attorney general  WASHINGTON - US President George W. Bush has nominated White House counsel Alberto Gonzales to succeed John Ashcroft as attorney general.	0
0	Sharon hopes parliament vote will lend legitimacy  After months of bullying and subterfuge to keep his contentious Gaza withdrawal plan alive, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is hoping for solid approval in Israel #39;s parliament to finally give it the legitimacy it needs.	4
0	Dems, GOP Claim Lead Going Into 2nd Debate (AP)  AP - President Bush needs to do a lot more than improve his body language for Friday night's second debate, says Democrat John Edwards. The Republicans say it's John Kerry who's got the explaining to do about his policies.	0 1
0	Bush Signs Orders for Intelligence Reform (AP)  AP - President Bush on Friday signed executive orders designed to strengthen the CIA director's power over the nation's intelligence agencies and create a national counterterrorism center, responding to election-year pressures to enact changes called for by the Sept. 11 commission.	0
1	PLO tries to calm chaos as Arafat #39;s era ends  A feeble and tremulous Yasser Arafat arrived in Paris yesterday for treatment for a serious disease that seems certain to put an end to his long leadership of the Palestinian people.	2
0	Cabinet approves Gaza pullout  Jerusalem - The Israeli cabinet on Sunday approved as expected Premier Ariel Sharon #39;s controversial plan to pull out of the Gaza Strip, paying compensation to those leaving but punishing those trying to stay on.	4
0	Reports Fuel Doubts on CBS Bush Story (AP)  AP - CBS News continued to defend the legitimacy of its recent story about President Bush's Vietnam-era service in the Texas Air National Guard, even as two experts it hired to examine records CBS used told ABC they could not vouch for their veracity.	0
1	President Bush Nominates Bernard Kerik for Homeland Security <b>...</b>  (New York-WABC, December 3, 2004) - President Bush made it official just before 10:00 am He named Bernard Kerik as his nominee to head the Department of Homeland Security.	0
0	Arafat to Be Flown for Treatment in France  Seriously ill Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat on Thursday prepared to fly to France for treatment for a blood disorder as fears grew for the icon of the Palestinian struggle for statehood.	2
1	Source for Rather Seeks New Lawyer, Might Sue CBS  Former Texas National Guard officer Bill Burkett, who provided CBS News with possibly fraudulent documents purporting to show that President Bush shirked his Guard duty, is looking for a lawyer 	0
0	Kerry Plans to Respond to Bush Speech (AP)  AP - Hours after George Bush is to accept the Republican Party's nomination for re-election in New York on Thursday night, Democrat John Kerry plans to respond at Ground Zero of the presidential campaign  #151; Ohio.	1
0	Gaza Raid to Continue as Long as Necessary-Sharon (Reuters)  Reuters - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said the army operation in northern Gaza would expand and continue for as long as necessary to prevent Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel.	4
0	Blair Was Warned of Post-War Iraq Chaos -- Paper  Britain #39;s foreign secretary and senior officials warned Prime Minister Tony Blair a year before invading Iraq that chaos could follow the toppling of Saddam Hussein, a newspaper said Saturday.	3
0	Militant Rivals Show Unity Behind Arafat (AP)  AP - The militant Palestinian group Hamas said Friday it was setting aside its differences with ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat and called for a united Palestinian leadership to work toward general elections.	2
0	Abbas to defend rights of Palestinian refugees  Palestinian presidential candidate Mahmoud Abbas has pledged to honour Yasser Arafat #39;s wishes and fight for the  quot;right of return quot; of Palestinian refugees to Israel.	2
0	Americans must be supportive as Iraq rebuilds, Rice says  WASHINGTON -- Defending President Bush's foreign policies, national security adviser Condoleezza Rice counseled Americans to be  quot;less critical of every twist and turn quot; in Iraq.	0
1	Hostage pleads with Blair to save his life  A videotape posted on an Islamic Web site Wednesday showed a man identifying himself as British hostage Kenneth Bigley pleading for British Prime Minister Tony Blair to help save his life.	3
0	Pullout ordered from refugee camp  JERUSALEM Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has ordered a troop pullout from a refugee camp in Gaza. The order could signal an end to a two-week offensive in northern Gaza that has left more than 100 Palestinians dead.	4
0	Hoon to make statement on Iraq troops  The government is considering a US request to move troops into more potentially dangerous areas of Iraq, a politically charged move which has re-ignited anger over Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s support for the war.	3
1	2004 ELECTION MILITARY SERVICE: Memos: Bush fell short of <b>...</b>  WASHINGTON -- The White House dismissed as old news Thursday documents indicating that President George W. Bush did not meet military standards while he served in the Texas Air National Guard.	0
1	President Bush Meets with Iraqi Prime Minister  WASHINGTON - Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi is making the case on behalf of his country today. The prime minister will address a joint session of Congress, and he will meet the press with President Bush.	0
0	Militants vow to avenge Arafat death  Militants convinced Israel poisoned Yasser Arafat have vowed revenge attacks on the Jewish state and warned the new Palestinian leadership against any compromise as Arafat was brought home for burial.	2
0	Locally, Arafat Opinion Is Varied  After hearing that Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat had died, Steve Yacoub called his mother, who lives in a village outside Ramallah, the West Bank city where Arafat #39;s headquarters is located.	2
1	US Presidential Race Remains Tight  President Bush campaigned in New Mexico Sunday, while his Democratic Party challenger, John Kerry, pressed for votes in Florida. With little over a week before the election, public opinion 	0 1
0	Arafat Collapses As His Health Worsens (AP)  AP - Yasser Arafat collapsed Wednesday night, was unconscious for about 10 minutes and remained in a "very difficult situation," Palestinian officials said. A team of Jordanian doctors was urgently summoned to treat the ailing Palestinian leader.	2
1	Bush, Blair Back Palestinian Statehood  President Bush, left, and Britain #39;s Prime Minister Tony Blair walk through the Cross Hall to make a statement in the East Room of the White House Friday, Nov. 12, 2004 in Washington.	0 3
0	U.S. Military Deaths in Iraq Pass 1,000  BAGHDAD, Iraq - U.S. military deaths in the Iraq campaign passed the 1,000 milestone Tuesday, with more than 800 of them during the stubborn insurgency that flared after the Americans brought down Saddam Hussein and President Bush declared major combat over...	0
2	NCAA Game Summary - Southern California at BYU  The Cougars turned the ball over four times...The Trojans made their first ever visit to Provo...Bush posted his first career 100-yard rushing game.	0
0	Political Overhaul in Russia Worries Bush (AP)  AP - President Bush said Wednesday he worries that Russian President Vladimir Putin's overhaul of his country's electoral system "could undermine democracy."	0
1	Bombshell for Bush: 350 tons of explosives go missing in Iraq  In a massive pre-election embarrassment for the Bush administration, nearly 350 tons of lethal explosives - which could be used to trigger nuclear weapons - have vanished from 	0
1	Oil: Price below US $50 as downturn resumes  NEW YORK - Oil fell back below US $50 on Thursday, resuming a downturn that has cut prices 11 per cent from record highs and ending a brief rally following President George W. Bush #39;s US election victory.	0
1	Hatch slights Kerry #39;s help on stem cells  As one of the Bush campaign #39;s congressional attack dogs, Sen. Orrin Hatch frequently recites this charge during interviews on national television:  quot;Senator Kerry #39;s been in 	1
3	No receipts? IRS will provide sales-tax tables  President Bush has yet to sign the corporate-tax bill that includes sales-tax relief for Washington state, and there are lots of details to fill in.	0
0	On video, British hostage faults Blair  LONDON -- A videotape broadcast yesterday showed a British hostage in Iraq shackled in a cage and wearing an orange jumpsuit, pleading with Prime Minister Tony Blair to help save his life and accusing him of not doing enough to secure his freedom.	3
0	Parliament Speaker to Succeed Arafat (AP)  AP - The Palestinian parliament speaker will become temporary president of the Palestinian Authority in the event of Yasser Arafat's death, PLO leaders decided Wednesday.	2
1	AP Poll: Bush Holds Slight Lead on Kerry  WASHINGTON Sept. 11, 2004 - President Bush has a slight lead over Democrat John Kerry in an Associated Press poll, but the president has a big advantage on protecting the country the issue voters say they care about most.	0 1
0	Upbeat Bush campaign rides convention bounce (USATODAY.com)  USATODAY.com - President Bush tried to sustain the momentum from last week's Republican National Convention with a weekend of campaigning focused on his defense of the war with Iraq and his pledge to reform the tax code.	0
0	The Road To Palestinian Elections  Following Arafat's death, the U.S. and Israel hope for new talks	2
0	UK #39;s Blair Calls for EU Force for Africa Clashes (Update2)  UK Prime Minister Tony Blair called for the European Union to develop the capability to deploy troops to Africa within 10 days by next year, part of plans to fight poverty, disease and war in the region.	3
1	NATO eyes summit as date fixed for US president #39;s trip to Brussels  BRUSSELS (AFP) - US President George W. Bush will travel to Brussels on February 22 to meet EU and NATO leaders, NATO officials said welcoming the trip as a new chance to bridge rifts over the Iraq war.	0
0	Arafat in Serious Condition, Foreign Medics Arrive   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Foreign doctors rushed to  Yasser Arafat's side on Thursday to tend to the seriously ill  Palestinian leader, who for decades has symbolized his people's  struggle for statehood.	2
0	National Guard Hands Over More Bush Papers (AP)  AP - More than a week after a court-imposed deadline to turn over all records of President Bush's military service, the Texas Air National Guard belatedly produced two documents Tuesday that include Bush's orders for his last day of active duty in 1973.	0
0	Bush Confronts New Challenge on Issue of Iran  President Bush is confronting what could become the biggest challenge of his second term: how to contain Iran's nuclear program.	0
0	Palestinians open election process to select candidate to replace <b>...</b>  Palestinians formally opened the campaign to replace Yasser Arafat yesterday as candidates aspiring to replace the long-time leader began seeking signatures to qualify for the January 9 ballot.	2
0	Kerry, in Ohio, Tries Average-Guy Look (AP)  AP - John Kerry put on brown corduroy pants and a mustard yellow jacket to spend a chilly autumn day in Ohio, just an average guy looking for votes from average Ohioans.	1
0	Kerry Aims to Counter Impact of Criticism  WASHINGTON - The Democratic Party launched a costly round of ads Friday to buttress John Kerry's credentials to be commander in chief as the White House accused the Massachusetts senator of "losing his cool" over attacks on his war record.   "John Kerry is a fighter and he doesn't tolerate lies from others," shot back spokeswoman Stephanie Cutter...	1
1	White House unsure about guard memos  HUNTINGTON, WV The White House says it doesn #39;t know if new memos about President Bush #39;s National Guard service are genuine.	0
1	Bush in Canada for first stage of world charm offensive  OTTAWA (CP) - US President George W. Bush swooped into town Tuesday for a whirlwind visit designed to begin mending international fences in the wake of the Iraq war.	0
1	Kerry pulls McCain ad  Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry #39;s campaign is stopping an advertisement that features footage of Arizona Republican Sen. John McCain rebuking President George W. Bush during the 2000 primary campaign.	0 1
1	Bush, Kerry Tentatively Agree to Three Debates  The campaigns of Republican President Bush and Democratic challenger Sen. John Kerry have tentatively agreed to three face-to-face debates, a source familiar with the negotiations said early Monday.	0 1
0	Qorei urges calm as Arafats condition unchanged  CLAMART, France: A senior aide to Yasser Arafat said Saturday that the ailing Palestinian leader had undergone further medical tests and that results were expected within days.	2
1	France gives nephew Arafat records  France gave Yasser Arafat #39;s medical records to his nephew on Monday, despite objections from the late Palestinian leader #39;s widow.	2
1	Bush Says World Watching Ukraine Carefully  President Bush said on Friday he hoped the crisis over the Ukrainian elections would be resolved and said the international community was watching closely.	0
0	Blair Visits Sudan  British Prime Minister Tony Blair warned Sudan on Wednesday the international community would not rest until violence was ended in Darfur and a comprehensive peace deal was struck across the whole country.	3
0	Video Shows U.K. Hostage's Plea for Life (AP)  AP - A videotape posted on Islamic Web site Wednesday showed a man identifying himself as British hostage Kenneth Bigley pleading for British Prime Minister Tony Blair to help save his life.	3
0	Bush anti-abortion policies highlight his falling out with women (AFP)  AFP - By speaking out against abortion, US President George W. Bush has widened a traditional rift between American women and the Republican Party, whose platform has always had an anti-abortion plank.	0
0	Kerry to Criticize Bush Plan to Redeploy Troops  In a speech later today, John Kerry plans to assert that President Bush's plan might hinder national security.	0 1
1	BLAIR SUPPORTER RESIGNS  British Prime Minister Tony Blair has lost one of his key supporters with the resignation of controversial Home Secretary David Blunkett.	3
0	Blair, Musharraf to hold talks over terrorism  Pakistani President Gen. Pervez Musharraf, who flew into London on Sunday, is due to discuss with British Prime Minister Tony Blair over terrorism, trade and the situation in Afghanistan and Kashmir on Monday.	3
1	President Bush Hot Box Office in British Theater (Reuters)  Reuters - In a country enraged by Tony Blair's decision to join America in invading Iraq, nothing fills a theater faster than a play about George W. Bush.	0 3
1	ABC News Kerry Says It #39;s Time to  #39;Begin Healing #39;  Sen. John Edwards, DN.C., left talks with his running mate Sen. John Kerry, D-Mass. before delivering their concession speeches in Boston #39;s Faneuil Hall, Wednesday, Nov. 3, 2004.	1
0	Analysis: The scene, post-Arafat  Arafat disabled is in some ways a bigger problem than Arafat dead. If he dies, Palestinians must accept it quickly and try to engineer a succession.	2
3	Kerry Packer, Stanley Ho Form Asian Casino Venture (Update2)  Kerry Packer, Australia #39;s richest man, has bought a stake in Stanley Ho #39;s latest Macau casino development and the two have agreed to set up a joint venture to expand in Asia.	1
0	Wavering Voters Anti-Iraq, Wary of Kerry (AP)  AP - In an election where most voters have already chosen sides, the presidency could be decided by a small slice of America in the mushy middle  #151; wavering voters who are more likely than others to question President Bush's honesty and think the war in Iraq was a mistake.	0
1	Our prayers with Arafat in Paris hospital  The Palestinian President, Yasser Arafat, is undergoing emergency treatment in a Paris hospital since being evacuated from his Israeli-besieged home apparently in serious health condition.	2
0	Arafat #39;s condition worsens as Palestinian officials argue with <b>...</b>  Yasser Arafat is in a coma and his condition worsened overnight, a hospital spokesman said Tuesday, as Palestinian officials sought to visit their critically ill leader over his wife #39;s angry objections.	2
1	Poll Shows Significant Lead for Bush Before Debate With Kerry  President George W. Bush heads into the first presidential campaign debate with an eight- percentage-point lead over his Democratic rival John Kerry among likely voters, a poll released Monday showed.	0 1
1	John Kerry #39;s Tipping Point  There is a growing sense that John Kerry #39;s campaign has reached a tipping point. The watershed moment was a sharply worded and highly publicized speech attacking George Bush #39;s policy on Iraq on Sept.	1
0	Bush Comes to Aid of Secret Service Agent (AP)  AP - President Bush stepped into the middle of a confrontation and pulled his lead Secret Service agent away from Chilean security officials who barred his bodyguards from entering an elegant dinner for 21 world leaders Saturday night.	0
1	Media Should Probe Bigger Questions About Bush #39;s Record  WASHINGTON - September 14 - In the past week, a handful of stories have cast doubt on whether George W. Bush fulfilled his National Guard obligations 30 years ago.	0
0	Former US diplomats scold colleagues who attacked Bush policies (AFP)  AFP - A group of former US diplomats scolded some colleagues for violating the US foreign service's traditional political neutrality by condemning President George W. Bush's foreign policy.	0
0	Poll: Bush Allies See Greater Terror Risk  WASHINGTON - More than two-thirds of the people living in Australia, Britain and Italy - three countries allied with the United States in the Iraq war - believe the war has increased the threat of terrorism.    Leaders of those countries - prime ministers Tony Blair of Britain and John Howard of Australia and Premier Silvio Berlusconi of Italy - all get low marks from their people for their handling of the war on terrorism, an Associated Press-Ipsos poll shows...	3
0	With Arafat ailing, Palestinian prime minister holds unity talks  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip -- As Yasser Arafat lies in a coma in a French hospital, the Palestinian prime minister has made a rare visit to Gaza to keep the region calm.	2
0	Bush Said 'Fit for Duty' After Physical (AP)  AP - President Bush was found in good health and pronounced "fit for duty" after an annual physical Saturday that also showed that the 58-year-old chief executive is now, as he conceded, "a little overweight."	0
0	Arab-Americans in Four Swing States Favor Kerry (Reuters)  Reuters - Arab-Americans in four battleground states favor Democratic Sen. John Kerry over Republican President Bush in the White House race, according to a poll by Zogby International released on Tuesday.	0 1
1	Clinton makes campaign appearance for Kerry  It #39;s just seven weeks since his heart surgery, but Bill Clinton was able to bring some extra energy to the John Kerry campaign ono Monday.	1
0	Bush ahead in swing states, will defeat Kerry: Karl Rove (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush will defeat his Democratic rival, John Kerry, in the November 2 election because he is leading in the polls in the key US swing states, the president's top political adviser said in an interview.	0 1
3	Wall Street stocks soar as investors cheer Bush #39;s re-election  Wall Street celebrated President Bush #39;s re-election with a strong rally Wednesday, surging higher as investors welcomed the Republican #39;s victory.	0
0	Bush Honors 'Hidden Heroes' in Military (AP)  AP - President Bush paused on Veterans Day to honor the "hidden heroes" in America's military who have fought in Iraq and Afghanistan during his presidency and in wars past. He also paid tribute to soldiers he said are waging a winning battle against insurgents west of Baghdad.	0
1	Each candidate claims debate win  President Bush, resuming his campaign here Saturday, extolled his second debate performance and declared that Democrat John Kerry  quot;can run, but he cannot hide quot; from his record in office.	0
0	Gaza plan wins party vote  Israel #39;s plan to pull out of Gaza next year passed a crucial test on Thursday when Prime Minister Ariel Sharon easily won party approval to ask the more moderate Labor party to join his coalition.	4
1	Bush, Kerry Retool Campaign Themes  NEW YORK (CBS) President Bush and Democratic rival John Kerry have staked out the main lines of attack they will make on each other in the closing weeks of the campaign.	0 1
1	Air-ing differences: Candidates spar over Bush #39;s terror <b>...</b>  Seizing on a rhetorical opening in their nip-and-tuck campaign, Sen. John F. Kerry related, bio yesterday lampooned President Bush related, bio for saying the nation #39;s safety from terror is up in the air.	0
0	Experts Disagree on Bush Trade Enforcement Record (Reuters)  Reuters - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry has criticized President Bush for not aggressively enforcing trade agreements, but experts disagree on whether the White House could have done a better job.	0 1
0	Likud to Labor: Take It or Leave It  So said sources close to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon yesterday, following his  quot;take it or leave it quot; coalition offer to the Labor Party.	4
0	Bush Takes On Direct Role in Shaping Election Tactics  Mixed in with daily updates on national security, President Bush receives a quick campaign overview from Karl Rove.	0
0	Bush Makes Plans to Return to Ohio (AP)  AP - After a nearly three-week absence that sparked debate about his prospects in Ohio, President Bush plans to visit the must-win battleground state Friday in hopes of quieting the campaign stir.	0
1	Blair defends war, urges Labour Party to close ranks and fight for <b>...</b>  Prime Minister Tony Blair tried Tuesday to heal divisions over the Iraq war and unite his Labour Party to fight for a historic third term in power, acknowledging that intelligence used to justify the invasion was wrong but insisting the world was safer 	3
1	US asks Britain to redeploy troops in Iraq  The British government Monday rejected claims it was planning to put some of its troops under US command as a political show of support for President Bush ahead of the presidential election.	0
0	Sharon Aide Nixes Palestinian State  JERUSALEM - The real objective of Ariel Sharon's offer to withdraw from the Gaza Strip and parts of the West Bank is to freeze Palestinian statehood indefinitely, with U.S. blessing, the prime minister's point man with the Bush administration said in an interview published Wednesday...	4
0	Israeli coalition partner #39;s threat raises possibility of early <b>...</b>  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s largest coalition partner threatened to quit Thursday, raising the possibility of early elections that could endanger his plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip next year.	4
1	Polls show imprisoned leader is a threat to main candidate in <b>...</b>  Polls published Monday showed that jailed Palestinian uprising leader Marwan Barghouti poses a serious threat to mainstream candidate Mahmoud Abbas in the Jan. 9 presidential election to replace Yasser Arafat.	2
1	Terror tape shakes up Bush/Kerry campaign  The sudden reappearance of Osama bin Laden on a videotape has sent both US President Bush and Democrat John Kerry into a final round of arguments in the election campaign over which candidate can better defeat terrorism.	0 1
0	Militants rebuff Abbas truce idea  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip -- Islamic militant groups behind many suicide bombings dismissed yesterday a call from Mahmoud Abbas, the interim Palestinian leader, to halt attacks in the run-up to a Jan. 9 election to replace Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Barghouthi to Run for Palestinian President  Jailed popular leader Marwan Barghouthi decided on Wednesday to run in a Palestinian presidential election and Hamas militants vowed to boycott it, throwing the campaign into turmoil after Yasser Arafat #39;s death.	2
0	Congress Intelligence Summary Box (AP)  AP - WHAT'S THE ISSUE?: Lawmakers of both parties want President Bush to increase pressure on lawmakers to OK an overhaul of the U.S. intelligence apparatus in the current lame-duck Congress.	0
1	Cheneys denounce Kerry for invoking daughter #39;s sexuality  John Kerry found himself distracted by an unexpected political firestorm after Dick Cheney, the Vice-President, and his wife fiercely denounced him yesterday for invoking the sexuality 	1
0	Kerry and Bush Face Off Over War, Jobs  ST. LOUIS - President Bush and John Kerry sprinted back to the campaign trail, trying to build on their performances in an argumentative second debate that saw the presidential candidates colliding over war, jobs, education, health care, abortion, the environment and prescription drugs...	0 1
0	Reformist Mazen likely to succeed Arafat  Reformist former Palestinian Authority prime minister Abu Mazen will temporarily take over chairman Yasser Arafat #39;s authority, Palestinian sources said.	2
1	Israel #39;s Labour in talks on coalition  The central committee of Israel #39;s Labour party on Saturday decided to open talks with the ruling Likud party of Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon aimed at joining a national unity government, a spokesperson said.	4
0	Bush Backers in Wisconsin Say He Is Decisive in War (Reuters)  Reuters - The Iraq war and concerns about terrorism may determine the outcome of the upcoming election, and they appear to have bolstered support for President Bush in at least one Republican bastion in the swing state of Wisconsin.	0
0	Parliament speaker charges PM with disloyalty to Israel  Israeli Knesset (parliament) Speaker Reuven Rivlin (Likud Party) on Thursday charged Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and supporters of the disengagement plan withdisloyalty to Israel, Israeli Army Radio reported.	4
0	US election campaign hits final week too close to call (AFP)  AFP - The US election campaign entered its final week with Republican incumbent George W. Bush and his Democratic rival, John Kerry, struggling to establish a decisive edge among American voters.	0 1
0	Bush Promotes His Plan for Missile Defense System  President Bush, in Pennsylvania, said that opponents of a missile defense system were putting the nation's security at risk.	0
1	Bush does debate prep  (Crawford, Texas-AP) Oct. 10, 2004 - President Bush is at his Texas ranch Sunday but it #39;s not all downtime. He #39;ll be doing some informal preparations for the third debate.	0
0	Rove: Kerry Tarnished Vietnam Veterans (AP)  AP - President Bush's chief strategist said Wednesday that Democratic Sen. John Kerry tarnished "the records and service" of fellow Vietnam veterans with his anti-war protests, and compared the U.S. war on terrorism to the decades-old conflict in Northern Ireland.	0 1
1	Time for tea, while a nation decides  AFTER one of the most important speeches of his life, British Prime Minister Tony Blair was still fighting to reunite his New Labour Party yesterday as the war in Iraq continued to haunt his leadership.	3
0	U.S. Public Now Evenly Split on Iraq War (AP)  AP - Nine months of chaos and casualties in Iraq since Saddam Hussein's capture have taken a heavy toll on American opinion of President Bush's decision to go to war. Last December, when Saddam was caught, public support for Bush was 2-to-1 in favor. Now the public is evenly divided on whether the war was the right thing to do or whether it was a mistake.	0
1	Ailing Arafat Examined in French Hospital  Seriously ill and perhaps fighting for his life, Yasser Arafat was rushed Friday to a military hospital near Paris that specializes in blood disorders.	2
1	 #39;American Taleban #39; Asks Bush to Reduce Prison Term  An American citizen serving a 20-year sentence for fighting with the former Taleban regime in Afghanistan is asking President Bush to reduce his prison term.	0
0	Sharon may offer state to Palestinians if they stop terror  Predicting a year of opportunity for peace talks, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon held out the prospect of an independent state for the Palestinians if they stop violence against Israel, but Palestinian officials dismissed the gesture as nothing new.	4
0	Bush Dubs Energy Pick a 'Problem Solver' (AP)  AP - President Bush picked a new energy secretary Friday and dubbed him "a problem solver"  #151; a talent Samuel W. Bodman will need as he deals with high oil prices, nuclear waste and a Congress unwilling to pass the president's long-term energy plan.	0
0	Arafat Suspected to Have Leukemia - Sources   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian President  Yasser Arafat is suspected to be suffering from Leukemia, a  cancer of the blood that can be fatal, a senior Palestinian  official said on Thursday.	2
1	Candidates face distinct challenges in courting female voters  Going into the first of three debates Thursday, John Kerry and George W. Bush have distinct challenges in courting the largest and most pivotal voting group of any election -omen.	0 1
0	Big Changes Likely in Bush Cabinet if He Wins (Reuters)  Reuters - If President Bush defeats Democrat John Kerry on Nov. 2, Republicans expect many new faces in a second-term Bush Cabinet.	0
1	WRAPUP 2-Bush, Kerry trade charges on security, taxes  President George W. Bush and Democratic challenger Sen. John Kerry traded sharp accusations on national security, taxes and jobs on 	0 1
0	Kerry Lesbian Remark Angers Cheney  FORT MYERS, Fla. - Vice President Dick Cheney called himself "a pretty angry father" on Thursday after Sen...	1
0	Bush, Hu Discuss N. Korea, Trade Deficit (AP)  AP - President Bush called Chinese President Hu Jintao on Thursday, reviewing U.S. positions on a wide range of delicate issues with the leader who is amassing new power in China.	0
1	For Kerry, Thank you is not an option  Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi spoke before a joint session of Congress earlier Thursday and thanked this country for its efforts in his country.	1
0	The President Stays On Message  Once again President Bush has shown he really does get it when it comes to the Middle East and that he will not be dissuaded by those who dismiss his peace plan - calling for a democratic 	0
0	Arafat Cannot Not Be Buried in Jerusalem: Sharon  Yasser Arafat cannot be buried in Jerusalem, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon told his Cabinet, while affirming his pledge to let the ailing Palestinian leader return to the West Bank if he recovers.	2 4
1	Bush Sees More Violence Before Iraq Vote  President Bush says Iraqis can expect more violence ahead of next month #39;s planned election, but he says the US military will help ensure that vote takes place as scheduled.	0
0	Arafat Says He Will Stay Until Statehood (AP)  AP - Comparing himself to South Africa's Nelson Mandela, Palestinian Authority President Yasser Arafat said in an interview published Tuesday that he will step down from office after he has ruled an independent Palestinian state.	2
1	Bush spin attacked  JOHN Kerry yesterday accused President George W. Bush of living in a fantasy world of spin and lying to the American people about the true situation in Iraq.	0
0	North Korea policy under scrutiny as White House race heats up (AFP)  AFP - White House aspirant John Kerry's plan to hold direct talks with North Korea to end its nuclear weapons drive may turn up the heat on President George W. Bush and force him to revamp his policy toward the Stalinist state if reelected, analysts say.	0 1
0	Bush barnstorms battleground state ahead of party convention (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush rolled across this battleground state, rallying supporters ahead of next week's Republican National Convention, where he will formally be nominated for another four-year term.	0
3	Risks Seen for TV Chain Showing Film About Kerry  This week, the 62 stations controlled by the Sinclair Broadcasting Group plan to show a documentary about John Kerry's antiwar activities 30 years ago. The film could negatively affect both Mr. Kerry and Sinclair.	1
1	 quot;Fired up quot; Kerry eyes 2008 race, plans on visible role in Senate  Democrat John Kerry plans to use his Senate seat and long lists of supporters to remain a major voice in US politics despite losing the presidential race last Tuesday, and he is 	1
0	Blair 'lacked post-Saddam plan'  Tony Blair rejects Tory claims that he went to war without a comprehensive plan to restore normality in Iraq.	3
0	Caricom hails Arafat as pivotal figure in the history of the <b>...</b>  BARBADOS - The Caribbean Community (Caricom), in sending condolence yesterday to the Permanent Observer Mission of Palestine to the United Nations, hailed the late Yasser Arafat as  quot;a pivotal figure in the history of the Middle East quot;.	2
1	Cheney stands firm on Bush #39;s policies  PENDLETON, ORE. - In his first appearance since the Republican convention, Vice President Dick Cheney stood by every one of the administration #39;s foreign and economic policies in a speech here Friday that drew 	0
0	Ex-Guardsman Contacted Kerry Campaign  AUSTIN, Texas - A retired Texas National Guard official mentioned as a possible source for disputed documents about President Bush's service in the Guard said he passed along information to a former senator working with John Kerry's campaign.    Also, a White House official said Saturday that Bush has reviewed disputed documents that purport to show he refused orders to take a physical examination in 1972 and did not recall having seen them previously...	0 1
3	Developments associated with Hurricane Frances  STATEWIDE: President Bush declared a major disaster in the counties affected by Hurricane Frances, meaning residents will be eligible for federal aid.	0
0	Arafat #39;s health raises questions about Mideast  As Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat clung to life Thursday, many in the West began to hope -- not for his death, but for the possibility that peace might follow it.	2
1	Health care: are you better off?  As far as I can tell, health care gets very little coverage in the blogosphere. Yet health care is one of the most important issues Americans face today, and it #39;s one of the areas in which Bush #39;s policies have had the most nefarious effects.	0
1	Blair Hails Russia Climate Pact Move  Russias signing of the Kyoto Protocol, bringing the global climate change agreement into force, was today hailed as a real step forward by Prime Minister Tony Blair.	3
3	On one issue, the world really likes Bush  Cowboy diplomacy. Unilateralism. Foreign governments have sharply criticized President Bush #39;s foreign policy in many ways. But on one issue, international trade, you could almost hear a collective sigh of relief over his reelection.	0
1	Bush #39;s homeland security chief nominee withdraws name  Bernard Kerik, President Bush #39;s choice to be secretary of homeland security, has withdrawn his name from consideration, the White House announced late Friday.	0
0	Bush claim on training of Iraqis disputed  WASHINGTON - Pentagon documents and Democratic congressional sources dispute President Bush #39;s claim, made Saturday, that nearly 100,000  quot;fully trained and equipped quot; Iraqi soldiers, police officers and other security personnel are at work, Reuters said 	0
0	Palestinian Attack Kills Woman in Gaza Settlement   GAZA (Reuters) - A Palestinian mortar bomb slammed into a  house in a Jewish settlement in the Gaza Strip Friday, killing  a woman and fueling settler anger over Prime Minister Ariel  Sharon's plan to pull Israelis out of the occupied region.	4
0	Kerry Says Bush Uses Surrogates to Do 'Dirty Work' (Reuters)  Reuters - John Kerry accused President Bush of using surrogates to "do his dirty work," as the Democratic presidential challenger hit back on Thursday at a Republican assault on his Vietnam War record.	0 1
0	Blair petitioned to set up inquiry into Iraqi war dead  Dozens of establishment figures, including five former ambassadors and leading military officers, signed an open letter to Tony Blair today calling for an inquiry into the deaths of Iraqis after the war.	3
0	Bush: Kerry's Plans Would Require Tax Hike  COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. - President Bush told supporters Tuesday in the conservative heart of Colorado that John Kerry cannot pay for the domestic programs he is proposing unless taxes are raised on the middle class...	0 1
0	Congress Set to Extend Family Tax Cuts (Reuters)  Reuters - Congress is now poised to hand President Bush an election-year tax cut victory after Senate and House of Representatives negotiators on Wednesday night agreed to extend popular tax breaks for children and couples for five years.	0
1	Rivals Stick to Issue of Security  President Bush and Democratic challenger John F. Kerry combed the Midwest for the last few uncommitted voters on Thursday, each carrying severe warnings 	0
0	Bush Ad Surfaces As News Story on Schools (AP)  AP - The Bush administration has promoted its education law with a video that comes across as a news story but fails to make clear the reporter involved was paid with taxpayer money.	0
1	For Two Debaters, It #39;s Time to Level  Two of the three presidential debates are now behind us. So what have we learned about the men seeking our support? The good news is that both George Bush and John Kerry have once again 	1
0	Colombian rebels planned to assassinate US president  BOGOTA (AP/dpa) - The leftist Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) plotted to assassinate US President George W. Bush during his recent visit to Colombia, the Colombian government said Saturday.	0
3	EU suspends US export sanctions  The European Union is to suspend sanctions on US imports worth  $4bn after President Bush signed a bill removing illegal export subsidies.	0
0	Jackson Joins Kerry Campaign As Adviser (AP)  AP - Civil rights activist Jesse Jackson joined the campaign of Sen. John Kerry on Wednesday as a poll showed support for the presidential candidate slipping among black Americans, a critical Democratic constituency.	1
0	Kerry Calls Missing Explosives One of Bush's 'Great Blunders'  DOVER, N.H. (AP) -- Democrat John Kerry is seizing on the Bush administration's failure to secure hundreds of tons of explosives now missing in Iraq.	0 1
1	Kerry campaign cheers Packers #39; victory  The Green Bay Packers #39; 28-14 win over Washington on Sunday was, of course, good news for Packers fans, but it was especially good news for Packers fans who support Sen. John Kerry.	1
0	Edwards Says Bush Trying to Con Americans (AP)  AP - Answering President Bush's criticism of John Kerry, Sen. John Edwards said the president on Monday "made one last stand to con the American people" into believing he is the only one who can fight terrorism.	0 1
0	Schwarzenegger to stump with Bush in Ohio Friday : official (AFP)  AFP - The Republican party's star act, California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger, will stump alongside US President George W. Bush on Friday in the battleground state of Ohio, officials said.	0
1	Conflicting reports on Arafat #39;s condition  Christian Estripeau, a Spokesman for the French hospital where PA Chairman Yasser Arafat is being treated said Saturday afternoon that there  quot;has been no change - for better or for worse - in his condition.	2
0	Sharon Demands Syria Curb Militants Before Talks (Reuters)  Reuters - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon rejected reported peace overtures by Syria on Wednesday, saying it had to crack down on Islamic militant groups under its control before negotiations that stalled in 2000 could resume.	4
1	Sayles' New Film Melds Satire of Bush and Whodunit (Reuters)  Reuters - Describing his new film, "Silver City," as part murder mystery and part political satire, director John Sayles made it very clear on Saturday which politician the movie is satirizing.	0
0	Report: Blair Recovering Well After Heart Operation  British Prime Minister Tony Blair has had a successful operation for recurrent heart palpitations and is  quot;doing well, quot; Sky TV reported Friday.	3
0	My son died for a lie  Tony Blair says we are now fighting a  quot;new war quot; in Iraq. That may suit him, to distract people from questions about the  quot;old war quot; there.	3
1	Sharon death threats investigated  Israeli authorities have launched an investigation into death threats against Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and other officials supporting his disengagement plan from Gaza and parts of the West Bank, Jerusalem police said Tuesday.	4
0	Bush, Kerry Go on the Attack After Debate  ELYRIA, Ohio - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry, their animosity stirred by a contentious second debate, lit into each other over Iraq, jobs and debate performance on Saturday in critical battleground states...	0 1
1	Attacks on Kerry misleading  Speakers at this week #39;s Republican convention have relentlessly attacked John Kerry for statements he has made and votes he has taken in his long political career 	1
0	Bush Tough-Guy Scuffle Plays Poorly in Chile   SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - While President Bush may have  boosted his tough-guy image at home in a brief scuffle with  local police during a summit in Chile, orderly Chileans were  less impressed that he got physically involved and flouted  security rules.	0
0	Kerry Gives Money to Support Dem Races (AP)  AP - John Kerry is giving  #36;250,000 to support Democrats in disputed elections in Washington state and Louisiana and forming a new fund that could help his future political ambitions.	1
1	Bush Has One-Point Lead on Kerry - Reuters Poll  President Bush edged into a one-point national lead on Democratic Sen. John Kerry, and the White House rivals were deadlocked in the key state 	0 1
0	Kerry Takes Lead Over Bush in AP Poll  WASHINGTON - Democrat John Kerry has taken a slight lead over President Bush, according to an Associated Press poll that found him gaining ground with women, boosting his overall popularity and cutting into the president's advantage on national security.    The two candidates remain in a very close race ahead of a second debate Friday night in St...	0 1
0	Palestinians want the Americans to ensure smooth elections  JERUSALEM Palestinian leaders have outlined plans to persuade visiting American envoys to help ensure smooth elections to replace Yasser Arafat.	2
0	AP: Bush Will Make Air Pollution Priority (AP)  AP - President Bush will make air pollution a top priority in Congress early next year, starting with "an aggressive push" to build support for his pollution-cutting plan, senior administration officials said Saturday.	0
0	Upcoming Debates Could Prove Pivotal  WASHINGTON - Because Sen. John Kerry is the challenger and lags President Bush in most national polls, he seems to have the most to gain from a strong performance in the upcoming fall debates...	0 1
1	President lays wreath at Veterans Day event  President Bush yesterday led the United States in celebrating Veterans Day, honoring the millions of servicemen and women who have served their country.	0
1	Bush Faces Early Test on Immigration Policy  President Bush faces an early test on immigration policy this week as Congress considers legislation denounced by Latino groups as anti-Hispanic and anti-immigrant.	0
1	WASHINGTON: American Taliban asks Bush to commute 20-year sentence  Attorneys for John Walker Lindh, the Californian convicted of fighting for the Taliban in Afghanistan, asked President Bush on Tuesday to commute Lindh #39;s 20-year prison sentence.	0
1	Polls: Presidential Race Close in NJ  BAYONNE, NJ Oct. 7, 2004 - New Jersey has been fairly reliable for Democrats in presidential elections Al Gore coasted to a double-digit win in 2000 but polls this year show a close race, with President Bush #39;s anti-terror efforts boosting his support.	0
0	Blair Returns from Africa Trip  Prime Minister Tony Blair arrived back in the UK today following a three-day trip to Africa, Downing Street said. Mr Blairs plane left Addis Ababa in Ethiopia 	3
0	AP Poll: Bush Holds Lead Over Kerry  WASHINGTON - President Bush opens the fall campaign with a slight lead over Democratic Sen. John Kerry, an Associated Press poll shows, as voters express growing confidence in the direction of the country and the performance of the incumbent...	0 1
1	Kerry hunts -- literally -- for votes in Ohio  Columbus, Ohio -- Sen. John Kerry began his day Thursday dressed in hunting fatigues, using a Mossberg 835 Ulti-Mag 12-gauge pump-action shotgun to kill a goose.	1
1	Sinclair Says Won't Show Entire Anti-Kerry Film (Reuters)  Reuters - Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc., the nation's largest owner of TV stations, said on Tuesday it would only air part of a documentary critical of Sen. John Kerry's Vietnam war record, as critics demanded it cancel the broadcast altogether or face legal action.	1
0	British Lawmakers Plan to Impeach Blair (Reuters)  Reuters - A group of British lawmakers plan to invoke a parliamentary procedure last used more than 150 years ago to impeach Prime Minister Tony Blair over the war in Iraq, British newspapers said on Thursday.	3
1	Bush, Kerry bone up for debates after dust-ups on Iraq  WASHINGTON : The US presidential rivals hunkered down to prepare for their first televised debate next week after days of bitter duelling over US Iraq policy and the war on terror.	1
0	Sharon Chief of Staff Says Aim Is to Rule Out Palestinian State  Israel's plan to withdraw from some occupied land aims to rule out a Palestinian state indefinitely, with full U.S. approval, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's chief of staff said on Wednesday.	4
0	Top Islamic cleric rushes to bedside of comatose Arafat in French <b>...</b>  A top Islamic cleric was rushing to Palestinian President Yasser Arafat #39;s hospital bedside Wednesday after his coma deepened and his caretaker government chose a burial site.	2
0	Kerry team slams reports VP Cheney had a flu shot (AFP)  AFP - Senator John Kerry's presidential campaign slammed Vice President Dick Cheney, a heart patient, over reports he had a flu shot, despite a shortage of the vaccine.	1
0	Appeals to Blair over UK hostage in Iraq  The family of a British hostage captured in Iraq has appealed to the British Prime Minister, Tony Blair, to intervene to try to save his life.	3
0	End of the Arafat era  A DETAILED plan to revitalise the Middle East peace process will be agreed today as Tony Blair and George Bush attempt to exploit the opportunity presented by Yassir Arafats death.	2 3
0	Bush Administration Gives Annan Vote of Confidence  The Bush administration has expressed confidence in United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan, despite calls for his resignation from several US lawmakers over a scandal involving the UN-administered oil-for-food program for Iraq.	0
0	Democrat Slams Kerry on Hispanic Outreach (AP)  AP - A Democrat whose organization spent about  #36;6 million to get out the Hispanic vote criticized John Kerry's campaign effort Wednesday and said Democrats risk becoming a permanent minority if they don't do a better job.	1
0	Israel Holds Out Prospect of Gaza Coordination   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel held out the prospect on  Monday of coordinating a planned unilateral Gaza pullout with  the Palestinians if a new leadership succeeding Yasser Arafat  cracked down on militants.	2
0	Kerry Faults Bush for Pursuing Saddam  PHILADELPHIA - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry faulted President Bush on Friday for pursuing Saddam Hussein instead of Sept. 11 mastermind Osama bin Laden, a choice Kerry contended had made defeating terrorism more difficult...	0 1
0	Blair Cuts Short Ethiopia Trip, Heads Home   ADDIS ABABA (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair  left Ethiopia for home late on Thursday, a day ahead of  schedule, airport sources in Addis Ababa said.	3
0	Tests Continue on Arafat  Yasser Arafat spent Sunday talking to colleagues in the West Bank, reading telegrams from well-wishing world leaders and sipping tea.	2
1	Bush arrives for tour of hurricane damage in Florida, Alabama  PENSACOLA, Fla. President Bush has arrived in the Florida Panhandle to tour areas in Pensacola and in neighboring Alabama devastated by Hurricane Ivan.	0
0	Arafat #39;s widow given medical files  The widow of the late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat has picked up his medical records from the Paris hospital where he died November 11, and was reviewing the information, her lawyers said.	2
1	Bush, Kerry continue to dispute Iraq policy at campaign stops  TAMPA - President Bush and Democratic challenger Sen. John Kerry returned to the campaign trail yesterday and resumed the intense dispute over the Iraq war and homeland security that dominated the first presidential debate Thursday night.	0 1
1	Candidates battle for tiny pool of key voters  President Bush and Democratic challenger Sen. John Kerry will find themselves in a virtual dead heat as the 2004 presidential campaign roars past Labor Day, the holiday 	0 1
1	3 Doors Down, Macy Gray Among Inaugural Performers   WASHINGTON, D.C. (Billboard) - With the Jan. 20  inauguration of President Bush, visitors to the capital won't  be able to swing a cat next week without hitting a ball or  party.	0
0	Sharon Accuses Far-Right of Inciting Civil War   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  accused far-rightists Sunday of trying to incite civil war over  his plan to withdraw from Gaza, while tens of thousands of the  premier's opponents massed to denounce the pullout.	4
0	Tubby Sharon can #39;t find big enough flak jacket  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has told parliamentarians jokingly that he is having trouble finding a bulletproof vest that fits his generous girth.	4
0	Bowing to pressure from Egypt, Arafat meets Dahlan  Under mounting pressure from Egypt, Palestinian Authority Chairman Yasser Arafat yesterday met for the first time in a month with Gaza strongman Mohammed Dahlan, whom Arafat associates have blamed for last month #39;s unrest in the Gaza Strip.	2
0	British press gives Blair shopping list for White House <b>...</b>  LONDON - Britains newspapers on Thursday sent Prime Minister Tony Blair off to the White House with a political shopping list to present to US President George W. Bush.	0 3
1	Bush, Kerry assault each other on eve of debate  The campaigns of US President George W. Bush and his Democratic rival John Kerry have assaulted each other over everything from Iraq to the economy since the two presidential 	0 1
0	Kerry Tries to Turn Campaign Against Bush (AP)  AP - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry, trying to recover from a brass-knuckles campaign against his character, is attempting to steer the election to a referendum on President Bush's leadership.	0 1
0	Sharon Warns of Snap Elections Without Likud Backing   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  urged his Likud party on Thursday to vote for a governing  alliance with the Labour Party, warning that failure to do so  would force snap elections and derail his Gaza withdrawal plan.  Internal polls predict victory for Sharon in a crucial ballot  by the rightist Likud's Central Committee on whether to allow  him to open talks with center-left Labour on joining a unity  coalition to shore up his shattered government.	4
0	Despite smiles, Bush #39;s visit to Canada chilly  OTTAWA - On his first official visit to Canada, President Bush on Tuesday faced a frosty public critical of many of his policies, most notably the war in Iraq, and his meeting with Prime Minister Paul Martin yielded little progress on trade issues that 	0
0	Arafat #39;s Physician Seeks Exhumation  Yasser Arafat #39;s Jordanian physician demanded an autopsy of the body due to the unclear reasons for the Palestinian leader #39;s death.	2
1	Israeli parties can join government  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on Thursday won permission from his conservative Likud Party to invite the left-leaning Labor Party and smaller religious parties into 	4
0	Quartet: Israel Must Ease Restrictions for Elections   SHARM EL-SHEIKH, Egypt (Reuters) - Members of the Quartet  of Middle East peace mediators urged Israel Tuesday to ease  restrictions on Palestinians before January elections to choose  a successor to late President Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Bush breaks silence on missing Iraq explosives (AFP)  AFP - Breaking his silence on missing Iraqi explosives, US President George W. Bush called Democratic rival John Kerry's attacks on the subject  quot;wild charges quot; levelled in desperation.	0 1
0	Britain's Blair Looks to Poll After Iraq Apology   BRIGHTON, England (Reuters) - Iraq will not be the decisive  factor for Britons in the next election, Tony Blair said on  Wednesday, as his party pondered the prime minister's  conditional apology over the war.	3
0	Sharon pledges Arafat expulsion  Israeli PM Ariel Sharon repeats threats to expel the Palestinian leader from Palestinian territories.	2 4
3	Taxes and Consequences: The Second Term Begins  A look at some of the initiatives that President Bush is likely to push in his second term, and the unanswered questions that go with them.	0
1	Arafat #39;s passing could remove roadblock to US peace efforts  The Bush administration is preparing a strategy for resumed Mideast peacemaking that rests heavily on an emerging core of Palestinian leaders taking charge of keeping order and nurturing an embryonic government.	2
0	Sharon, cabinet agree to major offensive in Gaza  JERUSALEM/GAZA - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and his security cabinet agreed late Thursday to a major offensive military offensive against Palestinian militants in the Gaza Strip.	4
0	Bush, Kerry Exchange Bitter Words on Iraq  WASHINGTON - President Bush and Democratic rival John Kerry traded biting accusations over the war in Iraq on Monday as early Florida voting produced scattered complaints that stirred memories of the state's chaotic 2000 recount.    On a day of strikingly personal campaign rhetoric, Bush said his Democratic challenger stands for "protest and defeatism" in Iraq...	0 1
0	Bigley forced to watch beheading  BRITISH hostage Kenneth Bigley was made to watch a video showing the beheading of one of his American friends before he begged Tony Blair to save his life.	3
0	Bush Touts U.S.-Backed Anti-Drug Efforts  President Bush aims to highlight the benefits of American drug-fighting aid in Colombia and boost a conservative Latin American leader with a brief, security-laden stop in the Andean nation.	0
1	Aides run afoul of Arafat #39;s wife  Senior Palestinian officials aspiring to succeed Yasser Arafat might have thought that their main obstacle would be Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon or his closest ally, the United States.	2 4
0	Sharon says he will press ahead with disengagement plan Harinder <b>...</b>  World News  gt; Jerusalem, Oct 25 : Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said today he was determined to carry out his  quot;disengagement quot; plan that requires all Israeli settlers to leave Gaza Strip and four isolated settlements in the West Bank.	4
0	Team of doctors flown to Ramallah to treat Arafat  There are reports from the Palestinian territories that the health of leader Yasser Arafat is deteriorating. There has been concern in recent weeks about the Palestinian Authority head #39;s health was worsening 	2
0	LIVE: prime minister #39;s questions  Despite Alan Milburn holding his first press conference as Labour #39;s election strategist yesterday, it #39;s unlikely Tony Blair will be able to escape the shadow of Iraq at today #39;s session of PMQs.	3
0	Bearhug Politics: Careful Steps to a New Bush-McCain Alliance  George W. Bush and John McCain's bearhug and smooch on the campaign trail last week was one of the odder embraces in politics in a long while.	0
1	Bush near win; all eyes are on Ohio  President Bush early today appeared within reach of the second White House term that eluded his father. A victory seemed to hinge on Ohio, where the president clung to a lead of at least 100,000 votes over John Kerry.	0 1
0	Palestinians Head to Paris to Probe Arafat's Death   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian leaders plan to  dispatch a delegation to Paris to seek details on what caused  the death of President Yasser Arafat last week at a French  hospital, officials said on Wednesday.	2
1	Bush Has Become Blair #39;s Burden  Two and a half weeks ago, the shadows that had hung over Tony Blair #39;s prime ministership since the end of major combat operations in Iraq suddenly fell especially dark.	0 3
0	Sharon Says Incitement to Oppose Disengagement Plan Must End  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said opponents of his proposal to evacuate settlements in the Gaza Strip and West Bank must stop inciting the military and security forces to reject the withdrawal plan.	4
0	Blair Hails Russia Climate Pact Move  Russias signing of the Kyoto Protocol, bringing the global climate change agreement into force, was today hailed as a real step forward by Prime Minister Tony Blair.	3
1	Candidates to focus on jobs, health care  President Bush and Sen. John Kerry will spend Thursday pursuing their separate strategies for winning the November 2 election, with jobs and health care the key topics of the day.	0 1
0	Bush Keeps Focus on Preparedness for Terrorism; Kerry Shifts to a Theme of Hope  As President Bush stumped through the 2000 battleground state of Florida, Senator John Kerry sought to expand turnout among the growing Hispanic population in the Southwest.	0
3	BOND REPORT  CHICAGO (CBS.MW) - Treasurys remained solidly lower Wednesday in the wake of election results that had President Bush ahead of Democratic challenger John Kerry.	0 1
1	Kerry, Bush Campaign Now in Final Week  Democratic presidential candidate Sen. John Kerry addresses a crowd of supporters during a campaign rally in Green Bay, Wis., Monday night, Oct. 25, 2004.	1
2	Bush Wants Baseball to Work Out Steroids Problem  President Bush wants Major League Baseball management and players to come up with a tough steroids testing program on their own and believes progress is being made, his spokesman said on Wednesday.	0
0	Moore's Pre-Election TV Special Nixed  NEW YORK - A cable pay-per-view company has decided not to show a three-hour election eve special with filmmaker Michael Moore that included a showing of his documentary "Fahrenheit 9/11," which is sharply critical of President Bush.    The company, iN DEMAND, said Friday that its decision is due to "legitimate business and legal concerns." A spokesman would not elaborate...	0
0	Blair Flies to Sudan to Press for Darfur Peace   LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's Tony Blair flew to Khartoum on  Wednesday as the most senior yet in a parade of Western  government figures seeking to pressure Sudanese officials over  violence in Darfur province.	3
1	Blair builds Atlantic bridge  Tony Blair last night put worldwide political and human rights at the centre of his hopes to revitalise the United Nations and bring the United States and Europe closer together again in pursuit of global democracy.	3
0	Thompson to Leave Cabinet, Rumsfeld Stays (AP)  AP - Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld  #151; scarred by postwar violence and prison scandal in Iraq  #151; accepted President Bush's request that he remain for the second-term Cabinet. Health and Human Services Secretary Tommy Thompson resigned Friday, warning as he left of a possible terror attack on the nation's food supply.	0
1	Bush nominee Goss offers bleak look at the CIA  Rep. Porter J. Goss of Florida said on Tuesday that rebuilding the CIA would take more than five years and that American spies needed to be encouraged to take more risks.	0
1	Israeli leader says 2005 could bring  quot;historic breakthrough quot; in <b>...</b>  HERZLIYA, Israel A direct message today from Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon to Palestinians:  quot;We have no desire to rule over you.	4
0	Congress Sends Bush Tax Cut Bill, Victory  WASHINGTON - Legislation extending three popular middle-class tax cuts for the rest of the decade sailed through Congress by lopsided votes in both the House and Senate, giving President Bush a major legislative victory on his signature economic issue, tax relief.    Many Democrats complained during debate Thursday that the majority Republicans who control Congress should have offset the lost revenue to keep the nation's soaring deficits from getting worse...	0
0	Bush Still Optimistic About Iraq (AP)  AP - While a new intelligence estimate offers a gloomy assessment of Iraq's future, President Bush talks instead about brighter days ahead under a new prime minister and the promise of free elections. "Freedom is on the march," he told a campaign rally Thursday.	0
1	Bush Defends US Policy on Iraq, Promotes Democracy in UN Speech  President Bush defended the US decision to invade Iraq in a United Nations General Assembly address Tuesday in which he also urged the world community to fight terrorism and promote democracy.	0
1	Israel seals off W. Bank, Gaza hours after Arafat #39;s death  Israel sealed off West Bank and Gaza Strip, sent reinforcements to the two areas and tightened security at Jewish settlements Thursday just hours after Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s death.	2
1	Bush Taps EPA Chief As Health Secretary  Environmental Protection Agency head Michael Leavitt, left, gestures after President Bush announced Leavitt as his nominee for secretary of Health and Human Services Monday, Dec. 13, 2004, in the Roosevelt Room of the White House.	0
0	Bush Promises to Step Up Iraq Rebuilding Spending (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush, under election-year pressure from Democrats and some fellow Republicans over Iraq, promised on Saturday to step up the pace of spending on reconstruction contracts in that country despite the violence.	0
0	Bush Laments Loss of U.S. Troops in Iraq (AP)  AP - With the number of American military deaths in Iraq surpassing 1,000, President Bush said Wednesday "we mourn every loss of life" and declared that the United States was making good progress in the war against terrorism.	0
0	Adams, Blair, talk N. Ireland peace  Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams began meetings with British Prime Minister Tony Blair in London Wednesday in pursuit of peace in Northern Ireland.	3
0	PA #39;s Paris envoy: While Arafat fights for his life, we #39;re fighting <b>...</b>  PARIS - Leila Shaheed, the Palestinian Authority envoy in Paris, lashed out at what she called false reports by the Israeli government and some Israeli media outlets announcing the demise of PA Chairman Yasser Arafat, who is in a deep coma at a Paris 	2
0	Bush Pledges Immigration Reform at Asia-Pacific Summit   SANTIAGO (Reuters) - President Bush reached out to Latin  America on Sunday with a pledge to pursue immigration reform  but a security scuffle that he inserted himself into created a  lasting image for this year's summit of Asia-Pacific leaders.	0
0	Blair faces anger of Labour Party delegates over Iraq  Prime Minister Tony Blair faced calls on Thursday for British troops to quit Iraq as delegates to his Labour Party #39;s annual conference vented their anger over last year #39;s US-led war.	3
1	Rove says Bush wants marriage amendment  White House political adviser Karl Rove confirmed some of the worst fears of LGBT activists when he told  quot;Fox News Sunday quot; that President Bush in his second term would  quot;absolutely quot; push for a federal constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriage.	0
0	Bush Reaches Out to Hispanics at Event (AP)  AP - Celebrating Hispanic Heritage Month, President Bush on Wednesday reached out to an important election-year constituency by talking up the benefits to minorities of his education and homeownership agenda.	0
1	Sharon courts allies after voting setback  JERUSALEMPrime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel, described by aides as more angry than embarrassed over parliament #39;s symbolic repudiation of his term-opening speech, moved yesterday to renew discussions with opposition parties aimed at expanding his 	4
1	Labor Party faces vexing challenges  The ruling Labor Party opened its annual meeting yesterday with elections looming next year, the opposition gaining favor in polls and Prime Minister Tony Blair eager to head off a rebuke over Iraq from his party #39;s left wing.	3
0	Jailed Palestinian leader eyed as Arafat successor  The man most Palestinians would like to see succeed late President Yasser Arafat may run in upcoming elections despite five life prison terms handed down by Israel for orchestrating murders, his lawyer says.	2
1	Mary Cheney #39;s orientation now political fodder  Some applaud it, others are angered by it, but there #39;s no doubt everyone has an opinion about John Kerry #39;s mention of Dick Cheney #39;s lesbian daughter Mary in Wednesday night #39;s televised presidential debate.	1
1	Schwarzenegger Pumps Up Bush Crowd (AP)  AP - For a brief moment Friday, President Bush was outshone by a fellow Republican, Arnold Schwarzenegger, the larger-than-life California governor who took the stage to promote Bush's re-election  #151; and his own bodybuilding event.	0
0	UK #39;s Blair Urges France, Germany to Help in Iraq (Update2)  UK Prime Minister Tony Blair urged European leaders who opposed the war in Iraq to contribute more to efforts to restore stability in the country ahead of elections planned for January.	3
0	White House: Guard Never Disciplined Bush  WASHINGTON - President Bush never was disciplined while serving in the Texas Air National Guard, never failed a physical and never asked his father or family friends for help to get him into the guard during the Vietnam War, the White House said Wednesday.    The White House answers came in response to a dozen questions submitted by The Associated Press in light of new records detailing Bush's Guard service and allegations that have surfaced this election season...	0
0	Blair struggles to lead party divided by war  LONDON - Prime Minister Tony Blair came under intense attack from rivals Wednesday in a parliamentary session on Iraq that demonstrated the potency of the issue and Blair #39;s inability to turn the national agenda to domestic matters.	3
1	Kerry Accuses Bush of Hiding Troops Plan  ALBUQUERQUE, NM Sept. 17, 2004 - Democratic Sen. John Kerry on Friday accused the Bush administration of hiding a plan to mobilize more National Guard and Reserve troops after the election while glossing over a worsening conflict in Iraq.	1
0	Blair defends ID cards for Britain (AFP)  AFP - Prime Minister Tony Blair defended controversial plans to introduce identity cards in Britain, arguing they would help protect the nation from law-breakers.	3
1	Bush, Kerry Trade Shots On Flu  By Dick Meyer. By Dotty Lynch. By Bob Schieffer. (CBS/AP) President Bush and Sen. John Kerry swapped charges over a looming shortage of flu vaccine and the future of Social Security as they 	0 1
0	AP: Rehnquist Plans to Swear in Bush (AP)  AP - Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist, suffering from thyroid cancer, still plans to preside at President Bush's inauguration on Jan. 20, The Associated Press has learned.	0
0	Bush Criticizes Kerry on Health Care (AP)  AP - President Bush criticized Sen. John Kerry's plans for health care and medical liability reform on Thursday, saying the result would be even higher costs and more federal involvement.	0 1
1	Bush touts new jobless figures  Bounding out of the Republican National Convention with a daylong trip through four swing states, President Bush told a Pennsylvania audience Friday that  quot;our economy is strong and getting stronger.	0
0	CBS admits "mistake" over memos in Bush military report (AFP)  AFP - The CBS television network admitted it had been mistaken in using documents whose authenticity could not be verified in a report questioning President George W. Bush's Vietnam era military service.	0
1	3 Days Late, Bush Is Awarded Iowa  President Bush officially won the vote in Iowa yesterday, giving him 286 electoral votes to Sen. John F. Kerry #39;s 252 in the 2004 presidential election.	0
1	Al-Aqsa backs Abbas candidacy  The Palestinian leader, Mahmoud Abbas, has received another boost in his campaign to replace Yasser Arafat. The militant al-Aqsa Martyrs #39; Brigades - the armed wing of the Fatah movement - has announced that it will back his candidacy for the January poll.	2
0	Israel to Expand Gaza Offensive  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon today pledged to escalate a broad Israeli offensive into the northern Gaza Strip, saying troops will remain in the area until Palestinian rocket attacks are halted.	4
1	Sharon awaits critical Gaza vote  Israeli politicians held a stormy debate on Ariel Sharon #39;s Gaza withdrawal plan today ahead of a critical vote that could give the Israeli prime minister the crucial support he needs to push it forward.	4
0	Palestinian prime minister says cause of Arafat #39;s death will be <b>...</b>  The Palestinian prime minister promised Friday to make public the cause of Yasser Arafat #39;s death, as Palestinian leaders dispatched an emissary to Paris to pick up his medical records.	2
0	Slim chances of disengagement  Two months ago, men of little faith questioned Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s desire or ability to implement his own withdrawal plan, which includes dismantling and withdrawing from settlements in Gaza and parts of the West Bank.	4
0	Regular Folks Question the Candidates (AP)  AP - They wondered if Sen. John Kerry really is too wishy-washy, how he would protect America from another terrorist attack and whether he wants to raise taxes on the middle class. They challenged President Bush to find three mistakes he's made, to say how he'd heal anti-American aggravation in the world and to rate his environmental record.	0 1
1	After Arafat  I have been asked whether the death of Yasser Arafat will open the doors to peace between the Palestinians and the Israelis. If the past is any indication, the answer is no.	2
1	Bush team lauds war on terrorism  The four-day Republican convention marshaled its forces to laud the incumbent US President George W. Bush #39;s image as a strong leader in difficult times.	0
1	ABC poll has Bush ahead by a hair  A poll published Tuesday by ABC News gives President George Bush a small edge over Democratic challenger John Kerry by a 50-47 percent margin.	0 1
1	Moment of decision hascome for N. Ireland peace: Blair  LEEDS CASTLE (England) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair said yesterday Northern Ireland had reached the moment of decision in which its leaders must show the will to end years of deadlock and secure a lasting peace.	3
1	Sharon escalates offensive in Gaza  ISRAELI Prime Minister Ariel Sharon warned last night that his military forces would expand their deadliest Gaza offensive in four years, as the death toll reached more than 60 in Israel #39;s bid to put an end to a Palestinian rocket campaign.	4
0	British Hostage's Family Appeals to Blair to Save Him (Reuters)  Reuters - The family of a British hostage threatened with execution in Iraq made a desperate appeal to Prime Minister Tony Blair on Tuesday to meet kidnappers' demands and save his life.	3
1	We want Kerry  It signalled this in no uncertain terms when oil prices fell below US $50 ( $83) mark on Monday. US light crude dipped to US $49 at one point before ending at US $49.	1
1	Bush shamefully exploits tragedy  THREE YEARS after 9/11/01, presidential politics is driven by fear of terrorism and war in Iraq. 9/11 represents horrifying failure of America #39;s defense that happened on George Bush #39;s watch.	0
0	Arafat Acknowledges Mistakes, Urges Change   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian President  Yasser Arafat made a rare acknowledgement of mistakes under his  rule Wednesday and urged reforms to end corruption after an  unprecedented wave of turmoil.	2
0	Woman works to raise  $34 million for UN reproductive health <b>...</b>  Jane Roberts is furious with George W. Bush for not funding the  $34 million Congress approved for reproductive health programs supported by the United Nations Population Fund.	0
0	Israel continues northern Gaza offensive; six killed in nighttime <b>...</b>  Jewish settlers in the Gaza Strip will be removed from their homes next summer, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon pledged Thursday, and in the meantime he said Israel will broaden its military offensive there.	4
0	President Bush Focusing on Western States (AP)  AP - President Bush is launching a focus on Western battlegrounds with no sign that the biting rhetoric he has aimed at Democratic challenger John Kerry in recent days is as aggressive as it's going to get.	0 1
0	French to release Arafat #39;s records  French authorities said they will release medical information on the cause of Yasser Arafat #39;s death to his diplomat nephew today in an effort to quash speculation about a conspiracy to kill the Palestinian leader.	2
1	Arafat #39;s death may tip scales  The death of Yasser Arafat a major figure in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict would open a window for the violence in that region to decrease, a local Middle East expert said.	2
1	Bush signs executive orders to reform US intelligence  President Bush on Friday signed executive orders designed to strengthen the CIA director #39;s power over the nation #39;s intelligence agencies and create a national counterterrorism center, responding to election-year pressures to enact changes called for by 	0
0	Blair facing Iraq apology calls  The Conservatives are demanding Tony Blair apologises for the way he presented the intelligence about Iraq #39;s weapons of mass destruction.	3
1	O #39;Keefe to quit this week  NASA Administrator Sean O #39;Keefe will resign this week, and the retired director of the Pentagon #39;s Missile Defense Agency tops a list of five men that President Bush is considering 	0
0	Hardliners Appeal to Israeli Soldiers  JERUSALEM Sept. 9, 2004 - A group of prominent Israeli hardliners urged soldiers Thursday to disobey orders to dismantle Jewish settlements, widening the bitter divisions over Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s 	4
3	Bush Signs  $145 Bln Corporate Tax Cut, Tobacco Buyout (Update1)  US President George W. Bush signed into law a bill replacing an export tax subsidy that violated international trade rules with a  $145 billion package of new corporate tax cuts and a buyout for tobacco farmers.	0
0	Hamas will not field candidate for Palestinian election  Gaza City: Hamas will not field a candidate for next month #39;s election to succeed Yasser Arafat as president of the Palestinian Authority, a spokesman for the radical Islamist movement said on Wednesday.	2
0	Bush Defends Iraq Invasion Despite Report  WASHINGTON - Faced with a harshly critical new report, President Bush conceded Thursday that Iraq did not have the stockpiles of banned weapons he had warned of before the invasion last year, but insisted that "we were right to take action" against Saddam Hussein.   "America is safer today with Saddam Hussein in prison," Bush said in a surprise statement to reporters as he prepared to fly to Wisconsin...	0
1	Officials: Arafat Needs More Medical Tests  Yasser Arafat has been ill for two weeks with what was initially described as a bad flu. He took a turn for the worse Wednesday, collapsing and briefly losing consciousness.	2
0	Blair's Exit Strategy Sparks Succession Fever   LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair was  back at work Saturday after successful heart surgery but his  vow to hold on to power for five more years has sparked fevered  speculation about who might succeed him and when.	3
0	Florida Cleans Up After Charley Kills 16  PUNTA GORDA, Fla. - Residents left homeless by Hurricane Charley's 145 mph winds dug through their ravaged homes on Sunday, sweeping up shattered glass and rescuing what they could as President Bush promised rapid delivery of disaster aid...	0
1	Bitter campaign leads candidates to brink of deadlocked US <b>...</b>  WASHINGTON (CP) - It #39;s been a fractious, bitter US election war, a see-saw battle for the hearts of Americans deeply divided about whether President George W. Bush deserves a second term.	0
1	Kerry urges Rumsfeld to quit over Iraq  Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry called for Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld to resign Wednesday, saying that soldiers should not shoulder all of the blame for abuses in Iraqi prisons.	1
0	Arafat Alive - But in a Coma  Palestinian officials say Yasser Arafat will be buried at his West Bank headquarters if he dies. Top aides say the 75-year-old Palestinian leader has suffered a brain hemorrhage and remains deeply comatose on life support at a Paris hospital.	2
2	Kerry claims victory after Redskins #39; loss  WASHINGTON, Oct 31 (AFP) - Senator John Kerry declared victory on Sunday in the US presidential election, staking his claim on a historical quirk linking past White House races and the Washington Redskins football team.	1
0	Dems Brainstorm on How to Start Winning (AP)  AP - Lose the brainy Washington-speak. Expand the playing field to states President Bush captured. Baby-sit for moms who want to get involved in politics. Democratic activists, gathering for the first time after last month's election losses, offered plenty of ideas for how the party can get back to its winning ways.	0
0	Sharon, Bolstered by Vote, Reaches Out to Labor Party  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon today asked the leader of the Labor Party to begin talks on forming a coalition government.	4
1	Franks calls Kerry  #39;misleader #39; at downtown rally for Bush  And yesterday, Mr. Franks, former head of US Central Command, found himself in the midst of a political battlefield fighting for votes for President Bush during a rally in Toledo.	0 1
0	AdWatch: Kerry Ad Asks About Iraq Solution (AP)  AP - Details of a new television ad from Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry, to begin airing this week:	1
0	Israel #39;s Likud, Labour Begin Coalition Talks  Israel #39;s opposition Labour party began talks on Saturday with Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Likud party on joining his coalition, a partnership aimed at promoting a planned Gaza withdrawal.	4
1	Why Kerry is the choice  GEORGE W. BUSH campaigned as a  quot;compassionate conservative quot; and won the presidency by the narrowest of electoral margins.	1
0	Blair urges Europe, US to work together  Prime Minister Tony Blair of Britain, seeking to repair ties between the United States and Europe, urged Washington yesterday to reach out to its 	3
0	With Days Before Vote, Bush and Kerry Sound Out Closing Themes  President Bush called his opponent blind to its "true dangers"; Senator John Kerry urged Americans to "vote your hopes," not fears.	0 1
0	Settlers Say Gaza Meeting with Sharon a 'Disgrace' (Reuters)  Reuters - Jewish settler leaders failed Sunday to persuade Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon to put his planned Gaza withdrawal to a national referendum and called a confrontational meeting with him a "disgrace."	4
0	Bush to see hurricane damage  President Bush is to visit Florida where a hurricane has killed 13 and destroyed thousands of homes.	0
0	Thousands Hit NYC Streets; Cheney Arrives  NEW YORK - Tens of thousands of demonstrators marched past a heavily fortified Republican convention hall on Sunday, chanting denunciations of the Bush administration and the war in Iraq as delegates flocked to the city to nominate President Bush for four more years in the White House.    Vice President Dick Cheney campaigned his way into the convention city three days ahead of the president, praising him as "calm in a crisis, comfortable with responsibility and determined to do everything needed to protect our people." He spoke on Ellis Island, framed by a Manhattan skyline altered irrevocably by terrorism...	0
1	Kerry in Southwest to Prepare for Debate  Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry promised to work for the middle class and energy independence, as he landed in this closely divided southwestern state to prepare for the last presidential debate.	1
1	Sharon declares 2005 year of  quot;great historic opportunity quot;  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, insisting that Israel has no wish to rule over the Palestinians, declared yesterday that 2005 would be  quot;the year of a great historic opportunity quot; in the Middle East.	4
0	Arafat in Serious Condition, Foreign Medics Arrive   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Foreign doctors rushed to  Yasser Arafat's side on Thursday to tend to the seriously ill  Palestinian leader, who for decades has symbolized his people's  struggle for statehood.	2
3	Bush stands up for strong dollar  President George W Bush reaffirms his commitment to a strong US dollar and pledges to halve the budget deficit.	0
0	No Clear Winner 'Til Election Day, if Then (AP)  AP - It's a voluntary army vs. a professional force. Button-down Republicans vs. street-wise Democrats. It's the ground war of American politics, with allies of President Bush and Sen. John Kerry spending fortunes to find their supporters and  #151; here's the hard, final part  #151; get them to vote.	0 1
0	Bush, Kerry Take on Economy, Iraq in Labor Day Rallies (Reuters)  Reuters - Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry, fresh from a campaign revamp and slipping in the polls, tried to focus on the economy on Monday but instead offered new criticism of the Iraq war, while President Bush touted his tax reform.	0 1
0	Arafat #39;s Condition Critical, Leaders Urge Unity  Yasser Arafat was in a critical condition in a French hospital on Saturday and Hamas militants in Gaza said there was an urgent need for unity among Palestinian leaders.	2
0	Aides run afoul of Arafat #39;s wife  Senior Palestinian officials aspiring to succeed Yasser Arafat might have thought that their main obstacle would be Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon or his closest ally, the United States.	2 4
1	Hardliners Appeal to Israeli Soldiers  JERUSALEM Sept. 9, 2004 - A group of prominent Israeli hardliners urged soldiers Thursday to disobey orders to dismantle Jewish settlements, widening the bitter divisions over Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s 	4
1	Young Palestinians, after rule of Arafat, hope for rule of law  RAMALLAH, WEST BANK - They fly his banner, wear his face on their T-shirts, and utter solemn prayers with upturned hands at his graveside.	2
1	The Kerry Camp, Cautiously Giddy  Mario Cuomo was glowing after John Kerry #39;s Iraq speech Monday at New York University:  quot;Great! Excellent! Masterful! quot; raved the former New York governor, who sat near the front.	1
0	Lost in the Green Zone  President George W. Bush and his advisers like to say that sovereignty has been returned to the Iraqis. But the heart of the Iraqi capital, where the symbols of power are most concentrated, belongs to America.	0
0	A curse on Sharon  The way his enemies and even his allies are talking, youd think that Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon had suggested giving the country back to the Arabs.	4
0	Poll: Kerry Improves Image Among Voters (AP)  AP - Democratic Sen. John Kerry has improved his image with voters on whether he would show good judgment in a crisis, but many Americans still think it's risky to replace President Bush in times of terrorism.	0 1
1	Bill #39;s spirit willing but flesh is weak  Bill Clinton #39;s heartache may turn into John Kerry #39;s heartbreak. The former President is still recovering from quadruple-bypass surgery six weeks ago, and his doctors deem him not quite ready to campaign for Kerry, Sen.	1
1	Sharon Seeks to Widen Coalition After Losing Parliamentary Vote  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon will restart efforts to widen his coalition after parliament voted late yesterday against approving a speech supporting his Gaza Strip withdrawal plan, the government said.	4
1	Bush, Blair dare to dream in Middle East  Yasser Arafat #39;s death opens a rare window of opportunity to build a democratic Palestinian state that could live side by side in peace with Israel.	2
0	Ailing Arafat Going to Paris; Mideast Is Uneasy  The Palestinian leader's mysterious ailment has seriously weakened him and plunged Palestinian politics into turmoil.	2
0	Bush, Kerry Mangle Facts on Taxes, Jobs (AP)  AP - President Bush said he raised the child tax credit by  #36;1,000, when in fact his tax package did half that much. And not even a fresh jobs report could make John Kerry get it right when he talked about employment losses under the president.	0 1
3	Credit Issuers Shares Dented by Kerry Plan  Financial companies were under scrutiny Friday after Sen. John Kerry vowed to push for legislation that would curb credit card fees and protect homebuyers from unfair lending practices.	1
1	World ; Bush racing ahead in US presidential contest  World News, New York,With President George W. Bush projected to win 186 electoral votes against his Democratic challenger Senator John Kerry #39;s 112 votes within the first two hours of the national election coming to an end in many parts of the country 	0 1
0	Blair issues list of demands on  quot;terrible quot; situation in Darfur  KHARTOUM : British Prime Minister Tony Blair said he handed the Sudanese leadership a list of demands to ease what he called the  quot;terrible quot; situation in the war-torn western region of Darfur.	3
1	Sharon Sacrifices Government for Gaza  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, won a victory with the Knesset #39;s approval of his plan to withdraw from 21 Jewish settlements in the Gaza Strip and four settlements in the West Bank, but is now being threatened by internal and external forces.	4
0	Palestinians prepare to bury Arafat  Palestinians are preparing to bury leader Yasser Arafat in the spruced up grounds of his battered West Bank headquarters on the soil of his beloved Jerusalem.	2
1	The Race Right Now  READING THE POLLS: The race for the presidency is as closer as it has been at any time during this long campaign. Neither Bush nor Kerry has opened a consequential lead in recent days.	0 1
1	Big audience more important than Oscar for Michael Moore  Heat-seeking documentary filmmaker Michael Moore will not submit Fahrenheit 9/11 for a Best Documentary Oscar, hoping millions more Americans will see his anti-George Bush film on DVD and TV in the coming months and vote for John Kerry.	1
1	Ohio certifies Bush as the winner  COLUMBUS, Ohio - Ohio on Monday certified President Bush #39;s 119,000-vote victory over John Kerry, even as third-party candidates prepared to demand a statewide recount.	0 1
0	Bush Suggests War on Terror Cannot Be Won  NASHUA, N.H. - President Bush ignited a Democratic inferno of criticism on Monday by suggesting the war on terrorism could not be won, forcing his aides to scramble to defend his remarks just as he had hoped to bask in convention accolades...	0
0	Bruiser Blair put Berlusconi in hospital say papers  LONDON - It #39;s hardly the way to treat your host, but Britain #39;s Tony Blair always plays to win. The sports-loving prime minister tackled his Italian counterpart so hard in a  quot;friendly quot; soccer game at their 	3
1	Bush, Kerry in Reach of Electoral Win  President Bush and his Democratic challenger, Sen. John F. Kerry, go into the final 48 hours of the 2004 presidential campaign within easy reach of an electoral majority, but neither has a clear advantage in the remaining handful of tossup states.	0 1
3	Asian Stocks Gain as Bush Leads Count; AU Optronics, CNOOC Rise  Asian stocks rose after President George W. Bush led John Kerry in vote counting in the US presidential election. Exporters such as Samsung Electronics Co.	0 1
1	Tough fight over debate rules  Lawyers for George W Bush and John Kerry have taken weeks to hammer out a 32-page document laying out the ground rules for the upcoming US presidential election debates.	1
0	Ohio Focuses on Job Growth for Elections (AP)  AP - Sen. John Kerry has 237,400 reasons for hope in Ohio. That's the number of jobs Ohio has lost since President Bush won the state by 3.6 percentage points four years ago. Ohioans consider jobs and the economy their top concern, with terrorism and homeland security close behind.	0 1
1	John Kerrys Iraq Quandary  On September 6, 2002, John Kerry in an op-ed in The New York Times stated that I refuse ever to accept the notion that anything Ive suggested with respect to Iraq was nuanced.	1
1	Protesters denounce Bush, APEC  SANTIAGO -- Chilean riot police used water cannons and tear gas yesterday to break up a demonstration by hundreds of rock-throwing protesters before more than 20,000 people marched to vent their anger at Pacific Rim leaders, particularly US President 	0
0	Congress OKs  $136B Corporate Tax-Cut Bill  WASHINGTON - The Senate shipped President Bush a wide-ranging  $136 billion corporate tax-cut bill and a disaster aid package on Monday, letting lawmakers head home for the finale of the presidential and congressional campaigns.    Florida, a vote-rich prize that both parties covet, will be chief beneficiary of the  $14.5 billion disaster measure as the state rebuilds from a battering by four recent hurricanes...	0
1	Kerry Launches Second Attack on Bush  Sept. 7, 2004 - Hitting President Bush on the issues of jobs and the war in Iraq, Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry is moving aggressively in the face of polls showing his candidacy lagging.	0 1
1	Bush Pledges Strong-Dollar Policy  President Bush meets with Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi in the Oval Office of the White House, Wednesday, Dec. 15, 2004, in Washington.	0
0	Kerry - Bush Guilty of N.Korean 'Nuclear Nightmare' (Reuters)  Reuters - Democratic presidential candidate Sen. John Kerry accused the Bush administration of letting a "nuclear nightmare" develop by refusing to deal with North Korea when it first came to office.	1
0	Bush Preparing to Bolster C.I.A. Director's Power  President Bush will issue an executive order today that will grant more power to the director of central intelligence.	0
1	Hostage agony takes toll on family  Desperate but unanswered pleas to release a British hostage threatened with death in Iraq have taken their toll on his family and put pressure on UK Prime Minister Tony Blair.	3
0	Delegates, Protesters Descend on New York  NEW YORK - Abortion-rights protesters and the first Republican delegates descended on President Bush's heavily fortified convention city Saturday as campaign officials said their boss would use the nomination spotlight to defend his hawkish foreign polices and offer a second-term agenda for health care, education and job training.   "He believes it's important for a candidate to talk about what he's done and, most important, where he wants to lead," said adviser Karen Hughes, aboard Bush's campaign bus in Ohio...	0
0	No-Confidence Vote Planned Against Palestinian PM   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Lawmakers angered by the  Palestinian leadership's failure to make reforms plan to force  a parliamentary no-confidence vote that could bring down the  government appointed by Yasser Arafat.	2
1	Springsteen plays political born-again in the USA  PHILADELPHIA, Pennsylvania: Bruce Springsteen has plugged his guitar into a political amplifier, launching a series of concerts with some of the biggest names in rock music aimed at ousting President George W. Bush.	0
1	'Sabado Gigante' Interviews Bush, Kerry (AP)  AP - President Bush and his Democratic rival, John Kerry, both gave interviews to the Spanish-language network Univision that will appear on the popular Saturday night variety show "Sabado Gigante."	0 1
0	Hospital Official: Arafat Has Gallstone (AP)  AP - Yasser Arafat has a large gallstone, a Palestinian hospital official said Tuesday, as the weakened Palestinian leader broke his Ramadan fast and underwent more medical tests at the urging of his doctors.	2
1	Kerry Accuses Bush of Incompetence  President Bush gestures as he speaks at a campaign rally at Alamogordo High School baseball field Sunday, Oct. 24, 2004, in Alamogordo, NM (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais).	0 1
1	At APEC, Bush to Work on North Korea, Iran  President Bush plans to seek support from China and other key allies at the Asia-Pacific summit to help resurrect talks with North Korea over its nuclear weapons program, White House officials said on Friday.	0
0	Kerry War Debate Hinges on Fickle Memories (AP)  AP - You'd think the details would be scorched into a veteran's memory like a cattle brand: ducking gunfire, seeing someone die in battle, bracing against a blast's concussion. Who could forget?	1
0	Bush pressures Iran on its nuclear plans  SANTIAGO President George W. Bush has increased the administration #39;s pressure on Iran, saying there are indications that the country is speeding forward in the production of a key ingredient for nuclear weapons fuel, a move he said was  quot;a very serious 	0
0	CBS Says Was Misled About Bush Documents  NEW YORK - CBS apologized Monday and said it was misled about the authenticity of documents used to support a "60 Minutes" story that questioned President Bush's Vietnam War-era National Guard service, after several experts denounced them as fakes.   "We should not have used them," CBS News President Andrew Heyward said...	0
1	Television news briefs  After nearly two weeks of furious back-and-forth debate about the basis for a  quot;60 Minutes quot; report on President Bush #39;s National Guard service, CBS News has acknowledged it was  quot;misled quot; by a source and shouldn #39;t have gone forward with the story.	0
1	Federal Debt Limit Increased  A divided US Senate approved an  $800 billion increase in the federal debt limit Wednesday, a major boost in borrowing that Sen. John Kerry and other Democrats 	1
0	Yasser Arafat #39;s nephew hands over Palestinian leader #39;s medical <b>...</b>  Nasser al-Kidwa (ahl KIHD #39;-wah), who is also the Palestinian representative to the UN, delivered the 558-page dossier, plus X-rays, to the interim Palestinian president.	2
0	Blair says no troops decision yet  Tony Blair has forecast an upsurge in violence in Iraq ahead of planned January elections but says he has not yet decided on a US request for back-up from UK troops.	3
1	The RNC: A User #39;s Manual  By Bob Schieffer. By Mark Knoller. By Dotty Lynch. Congratulations, Republicans! You are about to become the proud owners of a sparkling new 2004 convention - a four-day chance to make the case for the re-election of President Bush.	0
0	Bush Seeks Canada's Help in Iraq, Mideast (AP)  AP - President Bush asked Canadians on Wednesday to move beyond their deep opposition to the Iraq war and get behind his vision of democracies blooming from Baghdad to the West Bank.	0
0	Blair defends Iraq war, urges party to heal rifts  BRIGHTON, ENGLAND -- British Prime Minister Tony Blair tried yesterday to heal divisions over the Iraq war and unite his Labour party to fight for a historic third term in power.	3
0	Palestinian Committee Given Report on Arafat Death   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat's nephew on  Saturday handed a medical report to a Palestinian committee  investigating the cause of the Palestinian leader's death at a  French hospital on Nov. 11.	2
3	Economy More Sluggish Than First Thought (AP)  AP - Weighed down by high energy prices, the economy was even more sluggish than initially believed during the second quarter. But Federal Reserve policy-makers believe the pace will pick up in coming months, something President Bush is counting on as the election approaches.	0
0	CBS to Name Panel to Exam Bush Guard Story  NEW YORK - Within the next few days, CBS News expects to name an independent panel of experts to scrutinize its reporting of President Bush's National Guard service after its defenses for airing the explosive story crumbled.    Eleven days after questions surfaced about Dan Rather's "60 Minutes" report, the network apologized Monday and said it could not vouch for the authenticity of documents impugning the president's Guard service...	0
0	GOP Sharpens Attacks As Convention Opens  NEW YORK - Sen. John McCain said Monday it was fair game to criticize Democrat John Kerry's anti-war protests three decades ago, firing an opening salvo as Republicans at their national convention sought to portray President Bush as a strong wartime leader...	0
0	Peres: Sharon Risks Assassination for Gaza Plan   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Opposition leader Shimon Peres said  on Tuesday he feared Israeli extremists might try to  assassinate Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, the target of growing  far-right fury over a planned withdrawal from Gaza next year.	4
1	ALLAWI SPEAKS TRUTH TO KERRY  John Kerry once claimed that unnamed foreign leaders were hoping he #39;d win the election. Maybe he meant Jacques Chirac or Osama bin Laden - but, clearly, Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi is not among Kerry #39;s supporters.	1
0	Rice: Bush Didn't Mock France in Speech (AP)  AP - President Bush has brought the oldest ally of the United States into his re-election campaign as a reason not to vote for his opponent, Sen. John Kerry.	0 1
0	Bush Intelligence Plan Echoes 9/11 Panel's (AP)  AP - President Bush is urging Congress to create a strong national intelligence director to control the nonmilitary portions of the nation's intelligence community, a position similar to what was envisioned by the Sept. 11 commission.	0
0	Kerry 'ex-flame' in web backlash  A woman who put details of her alleged romance with John Kerry on the internet says it has sparked hate mail.	1
1	Latest poll: Bush leads over Kerry  US President George W. Bush has opened up an 8-percentage-point lead over Democratic candidate John Kerry in the world #39;s most prestigious popularity contest.	0 1
1	Sharon wins vote on pullout plan, but divisions appear  Flushed from his victory in the parliamentary debate endorsing Israel #39;s withdrawal from the Gaza Strip, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has repeated his opposition to holding a referendum on the issue, the Ha #39;aretz daily reported yesterday.	4
1	Vietnam and Kerry: Fighting the War, Then Opposing It  George Butler's new documentary, unabashed in its admiration for John Kerry, is clearly meant to intervene in the current presidential campaign.	1
1	Clinton stumps for Kerry  WASHINGTON (AFX) -- Former President Bill Clinton cut his recuperation from heart surgery short to hit the campaign trail for Democratic nominee for President John Kerry Monday.	1
0	Bush, Kerry Campaign in West Before Debate  SANTA FE, N.M. - Bracing for their final debate, John Kerry accused President Bush of favoring "friends in the oil industry" over consumers strapped with rising fuel bills on Monday while Bush said his challenger so misunderstood the war on terror that he thought it could be reduced to "a nuisance" akin to prostitution or illegal gambling...	0 1
0	Presidential candidates look toward crucial debate (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush and his Democratic rival John Kerry scouted votes in key battleground states but were already looking ahead to their crucial televised debates starting in a week.	0 1
0	A disaster in the making for Europe  We should be grateful for Tony Blair #39;s advice on the outcome of the US presidential election. On Friday he chose the medium of his friend Rupert Murdoch #39;s more upmarket tabloid (the Times ) to tell us:  #39;President Bush is there for four years.	0 3
0	Arafat #39;s condition improving  : Yasser Arafat telephoned his Palestinian colleagues, read telegrams from well-wishing world leaders, ate cereal and sipped tea - signs that his health may be on the upswing following three 	2
1	Powell attempts to revive Mideast peace process  JERUSALEM - US Secretary of State Colin Powell embarked Sunday on a mission to revive the Middle East peace process after Yasser Arafat #39;s death.	2
1	Palestinian candidates shaping ballot  Palestinians began registering candidates yesterday for a presidential election to succeed Yasser Arafat, while officials warned that 	2
3	New showdown for Sharon coalition  Fresh splits threaten Israeli PM Ariel Sharon's coalition as he seeks parliamentary backing for his budget.	4
0	Palestinians Choose 2 to Assume Arafat Roles  With Arafat gravely ill, Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia and his predecessor, Mahmoud Abbas, were chosen to temporarily assume the Palestinian leader's duties.	2
1	Kerik Withdraws His Name for DHS Chief  Former New York City Police Commissioner Bernard Kerik, left, speaks in the Roosevelt Room at the White House, Friday, Dec. 3, 2004 after President Bush announced Kerik as his choice to replace Secretary of Homeland Security Tom Ridge.	0
0	Lawyer Advising Vets Quits Bush Campaign  WASHINGTON - One of President Bush's top lawyers resigned from his campaign Wednesday, a day after disclosing that he had given legal advice to a veterans group airing TV ads against Democrat John Kerry. The guidance included checking ad scripts, the group said...	0
1	Offering lumber can #39;t save Bush  I watched the debate last Friday with a few friends. We took a shot every time President Bush said his job was  quot;hard work quot; and whined like an irritated teenager.	0
0	P.L.O. Picks Abbas, a Pragmatist, as Followers Mourn Arafat  Yasir Arafat's body was flown to Cairo to lie in state before a military funeral on Friday to be attended by Arab leaders.	2
1	Painting of Nude Bush Removed From Museum  A cartoonish painting of President Bush in the nude has been taken down from the wall at the City Museum of Washington. The picture, called "Man of Leisure, King George," adopts the pose of a famous Impressionist painting, Edouard Manet's "Olympia," that scandalized Paris in 1863, and now hangs in the Gare d'Orsay Museum in Paris.	0
1	Isolated Sharon attempts to win over a party bitterly divided by <b>...</b>  In a speech continually interrupted by extreme right-wing hecklers, Ariel Sharon said yesterday that as a minister and a soldier who had fought in every Israeli war he had never taken a more difficult decision.	4
0	Bush Adminstration Cries Uncle! Backtracks and Supports Kofi Annan  On yesterdays Big Story (12/9/04), John Gibson and Heritage Foundation Fellow, Nile Gardiner, engaged in what has become daily fare on FOX News: Raking Kofi Annan over the coals.	0
0	Kerry Reaching Out to Black Leaders (AP)  AP - Meeting with black religious leaders and traveling with Jesse Jackson, Sen. John Kerry reached out this week to black voters as his presidential campaign entered its final month.	1
1	County experts, leaders see hope for peace  ITHACA -- Local experts and community leaders reacted to the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat with the thread of hope that a peaceful resolution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict is near.	2
1	Arafat Alive - But in a Coma  Palestinian officials say Yasser Arafat will be buried at his West Bank headquarters if he dies. Top aides say the 75-year-old Palestinian leader has suffered a brain hemorrhage and remains deeply comatose on life support at a Paris hospital.	2
0	S. Korea, US agree to step up efforts to resume N. Korea nuke <b>...</b>  SEOUL - US President George W. Bush and his South Korean counterpart Roh Moo-Hyun have agreed to step up efforts to resume multilateral talks aimed to end North Koreas nuclear weapons programme, officials said on Saturday.	0
1	Bush Says Kerry Has  #39;Election Amnesia #39;  President Bush said Sen. John Kerry had  quot;election amnesia quot; that caused him to shift his stance on Iraq, as the president sought to fire up his conservative base 	0 1
0	Bush poll-troops storm hits Blair  London, Oct. 17: British Prime Minister Tony Blair last night stood accused of conspiring to use British troops in Iraq as a political gesture to help George W. Bush in the US presidential election.	0 3
0	Senate Republicans Snipe at Kerry Budget (AP)  AP - Sen. John Kerry's economic plans would drive up budget deficits while boosting spending by  #36;3.5 trillion, Senate Republicans said Wednesday in a report made available hours before the final presidential debate and disputed by the Kerry campaign.	1
1	Kerry rallies troops with fierce attack on Bush #39;s credibility  once again the pivotal race in the US presidential election - got back into gear yesterday after John Kerry laid into President Bush and vowed 	0 1
0	Wavering Voters Anti-Iraq, Wary of Kerry  WASHINGTON - In an election where most voters have already chosen sides, the presidency could be decided by a small slice of America in the mushy middle - wavering voters who are more likely than others to question President Bush's honesty and think the war in Iraq was a mistake.    An Associated Press study of 1,329 "persuadable" voters, conducted by Knowledge Networks in advance of the presidential debates, suggests these people are deeply conflicted about change in the White House...	0
0	Arafat #39;s succession turns into power struggle  ISN SECURITY WATCH (15/11/04) - The new head of the Palestinian Liberation Organization (PLO), Mahmoud Abbas, escaped unharmed Sunday when militants burst into a mourning tent for the late Yasser Arafat firing assault rifles, killing two security guards 	2
0	Right-Wing Israelis Protest Withdrawal Plan  Thousands of right-wing Israelis packed the streets of central Jerusalem tonight in the latest mass protest against Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to withdraw Jewish settlers from the Gaza Strip.	4
1	The X Files Of Lt. Bush  Journalists and politicos have been trying off and on for a decade now to suss out exactly what George W. Bush did in the National Guard more than 30 years ago.	0
1	CBS Faces New Charges Over Discredited Bush Report (Reuters)  Reuters - CBS News faced new charges of journalistic impropriety on Tuesday, a day after the network said it regretted using questionable documents in a report challenging President Bush's military service.	0
0	Summary: Bush Agenda Will Carry Big Price (AP)  AP - SECOND-TERM GOALS: President Bush wants to revamp Social Security, overhaul the tax code, improve education, fight education, battle AIDS and poverty, while waging war in Iraq and battling terrorists.	0
1	 #39;Changed forever, #39; Kerry returns to his Senate role  John Kerry, departing from past practice for losing Democratic presidential nominees, doesn #39;t plan to do a disappearing act. He returns to the Senate Tuesday and aims to be a force in his party.	1
0	Swedish FM urges Arafat to play part in forging Palestinian society (AFP)  AFP - Swedish Foreign Minister Laila Freivalds urged Yasser Arafat to play his part in creating a Palestinian society as she paid a rare visit by a top Western diplomat to the veteran leader.	2
1	Russian school attack offers difficult lessons to learn  President Bush was quick to express solidarity with the Russian people last week after the terrorist attack on a Russian school that left more than 330 dead.	0
0	ABC News Israel #39;s Parliament Approves Gaza Pullout  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon laughs during a special session in the Knesset, Israel #39;s parliament, about his government #39;s proposed  quot;disengangement plan quot; in Jerusalem, Tuesday Oct. 26, 2004.	4
0	U.S.: Hostage Tried to Escape Execution  BAGHDAD, Iraq - Kidnappers beheaded British hostage Kenneth Bigley after twice releasing videos in which he wept and pleaded with Prime Minister Tony Blair for his life. A U.S...	3
3	Wall Street expected to surge at open  Market watchers expect the US stock market to surge at Wednesdays open, as Wall Street bets that President George W. Bush has likely won re-election at the nations president 	0
0	Seoul Asks Bush to Focus on N.Korea Nuclear Crisis  South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun called newly re-elected President Bush and won his agreement that ending the nuclear crisis involving the isolated communist North should be a goal of his second term in office.	0
0	Democratic Camp See Winds of Change Boosting Kerry (Reuters)  Reuters - Democrat John Kerry's campaign was declared a no-gloat zone on Friday after the White House challenger's debate against President Bush but aides said winds of change had begun to blow through the race.	0 1
1	P. Diddy Unhappy With Campaign Schedules  P. Diddy Says He #39;s Disappointed Bush, Kerry Aren #39;t Stopping in Urban Areas During Campaigns. Sean  quot;P. Diddy quot; Combs, throws  quot;Vote Or Die quot; T-shirts to the crowd, at an appearance of the Vote Or Die  #39;Shock and 	0
0	Bush Signals Softer Approach to U.N.  KENNEBUNKPORT, Maine - President Bush opens a new effort next week to focus attention on the compassionate side of his foreign policy, promising a vision for "building a better world."   In his weekly radio address Saturday, Bush previewed the speech he's to deliver to the U.N. General Assembly in New York...	0
1	Kerry is flip-flopping on Iraq, Bush says  President claims candidate is using the words of ex-rival Dean and is too soft on trial lawyers. LEE #39;S SUMMIT, Mo. -- President Bush accused rival John Kerry on Tuesday of changing positions on the Iraq war 	0 1
0	Veterans for Kerry Barred From Bush Rally (AP)  AP - About 30 Oregon veterans who support Democrat John Kerry for president were rebuffed Tuesday when they showed up at a Republican rally in hopes of delivering a letter to first lady Laura Bush criticizing the war in Iraq.	1
2	Sports and Politics  On Tuesday, millions of Americans will decide whether George W. Bush or John F. Kerry will be president of the United States for the next four years.	0
0	Powell due in Mideast for new US peace push  Jerusalem: US Secretary of State Colin Powell, on a fresh Middle East peace push, was due here Sunday for talks with Israeli and Palestinian leaders ahead of January #39;s election of a successor to Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Bush lifts Libya sanctions, paves way for Pan Am 103 payments (Canadian Press)  Canadian Press - WASHINGTON (AP) - President George W. Bush on Monday removed a ban on commercial air service to Libya and released  #36;1.3 billion in frozen Libyan assets in recognition of "significant" steps to eliminate its deadliest weapons programs.	0
0	Arafat can leave compound for hospital, Israel says  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat will be allowed to leave his West Bank headquarters for medical treatment, an Israeli official said Monday.	2
1	Bush team lauds war on terrorism  The four-day Republican convention marshaled its forces to laud the incumbent US President George W. Bush #39;s image as a strong leader in difficult times.	0
0	Al Aqsa won #39;t back Abbas for top post  JENIN: The militant Palestinian group Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigades said yesterday it was opposed to Mahmud Abbas being elected president of the Palestinian Authority to replace Yasser Arafat and would instead back jailed West Bank Fatah leader Marwan 	2
0	Hamas ready for truce, official says   RAMALLAH, West Bank -- The militant group Hamas will accept a Palestinian state in the West Bank and Gaza Strip and a long-term truce with Israel, a leader said yesterday, apparently softening Hamas's hard-line stance and boosting hopes for renewed peace efforts after Yasser Arafat's death.	2
0	Bush shakes up corporate taxes  President Bush signs a bill to settle a trade war with Europe, which awards some  $140bn in new tax breaks over 10 years.	0
1	Comparing policies of presidential candidates  The president of the United States is widely considered the most powerful person in the world. Two main candidates are running for president in November: George W. Bush for the Republican Party and John Kerry for the Democratic Party.	0 1
0	Bush and Kerry Take Debate Over Security to a Swing State  In Wisconsin, each candidate accused the other of betraying the heritage of his own party on national security.	0
1	Bush Twins Preen for Convention Spotlight  WASHINGTON - If President Bush's twin daughters are seeking helpful hints before they enter the glaring spotlight of the Republican National Convention, John Kerry's youngest daughter has some bipartisan advice:    1. "Watch out for overzealous political fans who try to give you a hug and kiss," says Kerry's 27-year-old daughter, Vanessa...	0 1
1	THE CIA CHOICE  KWAME HOLMAN: President Bush nominated Porter Goss to be CIA Director just as debate began on making the most sweeping changes in the nation #39;s intelligence community in more than 50 years.	0
3	Bush cuts our taxes to create new jobs  WASHINGTON - With no fanfare, President Bush on Friday signed into law the most sweeping corporate tax law in nearly two decades and the fifth major tax cut since he took office less than four years ago.	0
1	Bush #39;s approval rating slipping  President Bush and Sen. John Kerry head toward their third and final televised debate this week with voters increasingly pessimistic about the economy, the war in Iraq 	0 1
0	Killing of innocent people in Kashmir is terrorism: Britain  LONDON: British Prime Minister Tony Blair has termed the killing of political leaders and innocent people in held Kashmir as terrorism and has supported Indias permanent membership in the United Nations Security Council (UNSC) while Indian Prime 	3
1	The shadow over Blair  The war in Iraq last night cast a pall over Tony Blair #39;s hopes for using the Labour Party conference in Brighton as the springboard for his ambitions for a third term.	3
0	Few Visit Ground Zero in N.Y. as Convention Begins (Reuters)  Reuters - As the Republican convention opened less than four miles away, a small number of visitors to Ground Zero paid their respects on Monday with mixed feelings about whether President Bush should come to the site of the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks.	0
0	John Kerry Hits Midwest States (AP)  AP - John Kerry's telling voters that President Bush's record on jobs and taxes have helped special interests, not their interests, as he launches the final stretch of his presidential campaign with running mate John Edwards.	0 1
0	Kerry Says Bush Avoiding Reality on Iraq  COLUMBUS, Ohio - President Bush's statement that a "handful" of people are willing to kill to stop progress in Iraq is another blunder that shows he's avoiding reality, Democrat John Kerry told The Associated Press.   "George Bush let Osama bin Laden escape at Tora Bora," Kerry said in a brief interview Wednesday...	0 1
0	Sharon rejects calls for vote on Gaza  JERUSALEM -- Prime Minister Ariel Sharon yesterday rejected calls from Jewish settlers to hold a nationwide referendum on his plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip, escalating a bitter dispute with former allies who accuse him of leading Israel toward civil war.	4
0	Kerry Says Bush Broke Promises From 2000 (AP)  AP - Democrat John Kerry said Friday that President Bush didn't keep the promises he made as a candidate four years ago, and pledged to do better if elected.	0 1
1	Poll: Bush, Kerry Locked in Dead Heat  Sept. 16, 2004 -- Voter opinion in the presidential race has fluctuated dramatically in the first two weeks of September, but according to a new Pew Research Center poll, President Bush and Sen. John Kerry are again in a statistical dead heat.	0 1
1	Cleric heads to Arafat #39;s bedside in Paris  A top Islamic cleric was rushing to Yasser Arafat #39;s hospital bedside Wednesday after the Palestinian leader #39;s coma deepened and his caretaker government chose a burial site.	2
0	UN Urged to Ignore Bush Plea for Human Cloning Ban   LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's national academy of science  urged the United Nations on Monday to ignore a call by  President Bush to ban all forms of human cloning.	0
0	Palestinians  #39;ready to work #39; with any US administration  PARIS, Nov 3 (AFP) - The Palestinian Authority is ready to work with whoever emerges as the winner of the US presidential race as long as he is prepared to push forward the Middle East peace process, a senior adviser to Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat 	2
1	Bush urges UN to lend hand in Iraq, Afghanistan  President Bush, who once opposed  quot;nation building, quot; told world leaders Tuesday that the US-led military campaigns in Iraq and Afghanistan are aimed at promoting freedom and democracy 	0
1	Sharon Wins Party Support on Plans to Bring Labor Party into <b>...</b>  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has won the approval of his party #39;s Central Committee to allow talks to bring the opposition Labor Party into his government.	4
0	Bush Touts Plan to Help High School Students (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush on Saturday touted his plan to boost aid for high school students amid criticism from his Democratic opponent that the president has undercut his own efforts to fix schools.	0
0	GOP Rode Bush Coattails to Senate Gains (AP)  AP - President Bush's conservative coattails, geography and campaigns crafted to take advantage of both helped Republicans to a four-seat gain in Senate elections this year.	0
3	Steel magnate Mittal gets 1.1bn merger bonus  LAKSHMI Mittal, the billionaire steel magnate who was controversially aided by Tony Blair after donating 125,000 to the Labour party in 2001, is performing a double merger to create the world #39;s largest steelmaker by output.	3
0	Dems Face Policy Battle Without Matsui (AP)  AP - Stunned by the death of California Rep. Bob Matsui, Democrats head into the biggest legislative battle of President Bush's second term without their top Social Security expert.	0
1	Taxi chase foils West Bank bomb plot  Israeli security forces say they have thwarted a suicide bombing planned by the armed offshoot of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s political movement.	2
1	Anti-nuclear work key for departing energy secretary  WASHINGTON -- Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham informed President Bush Monday he would leave the Cabinet when his successor is confirmed next year.	0
0	Sharon Presents Gaza Withdrawal Timetable  JERUSALEM - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon presented a detailed timetable for a withdrawal from the Gaza Strip to his Likud Party on Tuesday, and warned party rebels that the plan "will be implemented, period."   Sharon said that on Sept. 14, he would seek Cabinet approval for initial compensation payments to Jewish settlers willing to leave voluntarily...	4
1	Stars get on the stump  The main event is Bush vs. Kerry, but in the closing days, their campaigns are rolling out a star-studded undercard - The Boss vs.	0 1
0	Bush Ad Surfaces As News Story on Schools  WASHINGTON - The Bush administration has promoted its education law with a video that comes across as a news story but fails to make clear the reporter involved was paid with taxpayer money.    The government used a similar approach this year in promoting the new Medicare law and drew a rebuke from the investigative arm of Congress, which found the videos amounted to propaganda in violation of federal law...	0
1	Roth plots a different post-WWII America (USATODAY.com)  USATODAY.com - Novelist Philip Roth dismisses President Bush as "unfit to run a hardware store, let alone a nation," but Roth would rather discuss President Charles A. Lindbergh. Roth's The Plot Against America, to be published Oct. 5, imagines what would happen if in 1940, Lindbergh, the famous flying ace, defeated Franklin D. Roosevelt and signed a peace pact with Germany and Japan.	0
0	Ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat arrives in Paris for <b>...</b>  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, suffering from a mystery illness, was flown to France and rushed to a military hospital for treatment Friday - ending nearly three years of Israeli-imposed 	2
0	London could mediate over Kashmir: Musharraf  LONDON (AFP) - Pakistan #39;s President Pervez Musharraf would welcome British involvement in negotiations with India over Kashmir, and would raise the matter with British Prime Minister Tony Blair during talks in London, he told The Times in an interview.	3
0	Blair faces crucial Labour test  With opinion polls stacking against him, British Prime Minister Tony Blair is making a crucial speech to his Labour Party conference on Tuesday.	3
3	India deserves to be represented in UN Security Council, G-8 <b>...</b>   quot;India with 1.3 billion population ought to be represented in the UN Security Council and involved in the G-8 process, said Tony Blair.	3
1	Delegates Split Over Blair #39;s Iraq Apology  For Tony Blair, sorry seems to be the hardest word. A day after the prime minister expressed regret about bad intelligence on Iraq, delegates at the Labour Party #39;s annual 	3
0	Kerry Scoffs at Bush's 'Tough' Talk on Terror (Reuters)  Reuters - Democratic challenger John Kerry on Friday scoffed at President Bush's tough talk on terror and said if he had been in the White House he would have used U.S. troops to capture or kill Osama bin Laden.	0 1
0	Bush vows to  #39;reach out to our friends #39;  HALIFAX, Nova Scotia A  quot;new term in office is an important opportunity to reach out to our friends, quot; President George W. Bush said on an overnight trip to Canada, but he remained uncompromising about the US-led invasion of Iraq and his insistence that the 	0
0	Arafat 'between life and death' but not brain dead (AFP)  AFP - A spokeswoman for Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, Leila Shahid, denied that he was brain dead, but said that the 75-year-old was  quot;between life and death quot; and in a reversible coma in his hospital near Paris.	2
0	Former Prime Minister Named Leader of PLO (AP)  AP - Former Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas, a critic of the most recent Palestinian uprising in the West Bank and Gaza Strip, was named leader of the Palestine Liberation Organization on Thursday within hours of the death of Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Presidential candidates look toward crucial debate (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush and his Democratic rival John Kerry scouted votes in key battleground states but were already looking ahead to their crucial televised debates starting in a week.	0 1
0	Israeli Parliament to Vote on Gaza Withdrawal Plan  The Israeli parliament, the Knesset, winds up a second day of debate on Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s controversial disengagement plan, with a vote on the issue planned for later Tuesday night.	4
1	Chirac Repeats Anti-War Views Ahead of Visit to Britain  French President Jacques Chirac will begin a state visit to Britain Thursday having made it clear that he thinks Prime Minister Tony Blair has not benefited from his firm support for President Bush in Iraq.	0 3
1	NY Sen. Clinton faults Bush administration for flu vaccine <b>...</b>  Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton accused the Bush administration on Monday of being  quot;asleep at the switch quot; and mishandling the flu vaccine shortage, which she said was part of an overall breakdown in the country #39;s health care system.	0
0	UK Keeps Terror Suspects in Jail, Despite Judgement   LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's top court delivered a severe  jolt to Prime Minister Tony Blair's post-Sept. 11 security  policies on Thursday by ruling against the detention of nine  foreign terrorism suspects without trial.	3
1	Bush Steps Up Attacks as Iraq, Economy Give Kerry New Openings  President George W. Bush stepped up his attacks on Democratic nominee John Kerry, seeking to offset damaging news about missing explosives in Iraq and the loss of jobs in some battleground states.	0 1
1	Annan: Invasion of Iraq  #39;illegal #39;  Also, US intel report shows  #39;dark prospects #39; for Iraq, as Bush #39;s postwar policy takes other hits. In an interview with the BBC Wednesday, United Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan said the decision to launch 	0
0	Bush warns Iran on nuclear activities  Santiago: US President George W Bush sharply warned Iran about reports that the Islamic republic has accelerated production of uranium material that could be used to make nuclear weapons.	0
1	Cabinet makeover seen jump-starting second-term agenda  President Bush has signaled that he intends to hit the ground running with an aggressive second-term agenda by replacing a majority of his first-term Cabinet with leaders more in tune with his conservative line of thinking.	0
3	Bush signs  $136b tax relief bill  President George W. Bush signed a  $136 billion corporate tax relief bill yesterday that could provide substantial savings for some of Massachusetts #39; biggest 	0
0	After Arafat  It is often the case with charismatic rebels with a just cause that, when they pass on, the world tends to assume one of two things: either that all problems will be solved now, or none will be solved.	2
0	Cleric Rushes to See Arafat; Burial Plans Proceed   PARIS (Reuters) - A top Muslim cleric rushed to Yasser  Arafat's hospital bedside on Wednesday, insisting the veteran  Palestinian leader was still alive even as aides arranged for  his burial and prepared for a transfer of power.	2
0	Kerik Tapped to Lead Homeland Security (AP)  AP - President Bush picked former police commissioner Bernard Kerik, the steady former military man who helped New York get back on its feet after the Sept. 11 terror attack, to head the federal agency charged with making sure it never happens again.	0
1	Sharon Launches Debate on Gaza Plan  Supporters of the Jewish settlement movement demonstrate against Israel #39;s Prime Minister Ariel Sharon plan to remove settlements from the Gaza Strip, in front of Israel #39;s parliament, or Knesset, Monday Oct. 25, 2004.	4
1	Bush #39;s daunting task  NEW YORKIt was here that George W. Bush had perhaps his finest presidential hour, galvanizing a grief-stricken nation with a bullhorn and a steely resolve.	0
1	Bush honours three for Iraq policy work  WASHINGTON -- President George W. Bush awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom yesterday to three figures who were central to his Iraq policy: former CIA director George Tenet, former Iraq administrator Paul Bremer and retired general Tommy Franks.	0
0	Moore's Pre-Election TV Special Nixed  NEW YORK - A cable pay-per-view company has decided not to show a three-hour election eve special with filmmaker Michael Moore that included a showing of his documentary "Fahrenheit 9/11," which is sharply critical of President Bush.    The company, iN DEMAND, said Friday that its decision is due to "legitimate business and legal concerns." A spokesman would not elaborate...	0
2	Bush shuts down Yanks  The only team to beat New York Yankees pitcher Orlando Hernandez this season has now beaten him back-to-back. If you guessed the Blue Jays are that team, you #39;d be right.	0
0	Bush Making Gains in Battleground States  WASHINGTON - President Bush has been solidifying his gains in states that once were dead heats, forcing both parties' campaigns to alter strategies as the electoral battleground shrinks. Democrat John Kerry is struggling to stay afloat in some hotly contested states, including Missouri, Wisconsin and Ohio, where polls show Bush pulling ahead...	0 1
1	Feckless in North Korea  JOHN KERRY was absolutely right Sunday when he castigated President Bush for failing to negotiate a deal that would oblige North Korea to freeze and eventually dismantle its nuclear weapons program.	0
0	Israel Begins Pulling Out of Northern Gaza  JEBALIYA REFUGEE CAMP, Gaza Strip - Israel began moving tanks and ground forces away from this refugee camp Friday, scaling back its bloodiest offensive in northern Gaza in more than four years of fighting.    Prime Minister Ariel Sharon ordered the pullback at the urging of Israeli military commanders, who argued the two-week offensive had played itself out, and after calls from the United States to wrap up the operation...	4
0	Sharon to present pullout timetable to Likud lawmakers  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Monday that he would present a detailed timetable for the pullout from Gaza to a meeting of Likud lawmakers on Tuesday, the local Ha #39;aretz daily reported.	4
1	Suicide Bomber Kills 3 in Israel with Arafat Abroad  A Palestinian teenager blew himself up an open-air market in Tel Aviv on Monday, killing three people in a show of strength by militants three days after Yasser Arafat was airlifted to France for urgent medical care.	2
3	White House Sees 2005 Economic Growth Slowing to 3.5 (Update2)  US economic growth will slow to 3.5 percent in 2005 from 3.9 percent this year, generating average monthly gains in payrolls of about 175,000 jobs, according to President George W. Bush #39;s administration.	0
0	Arafat: Globetrotter turned prisoner  Jerusalem - Once famous for being the globetrotting champion of the Palestinian cause, Yasser Arafat spent the past three years cooped up in his shrivelled compound staring down the barrels of Israeli tanks.	2
0	Sharon: Iran Doing All It Can to Get Nuclear Arms   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  accused Iran Monday of doing everything it could to obtain  nuclear weapons, further ratcheting up the pressure on its  arch-foe.	4
1	Bush gains points in poll conducted by Newsweek  President Bush leads Sen. John Kerry by 6 percentage points among likely voters in a three-day poll taken partly after the release of a videotape by Osama bin Laden, Newsweek magazine said.	0 1
0	Bush Says He'll Seek to Revive Intelligence Bill House Blocked  President Bush vowed to work with Congress to revive a bill to enact major recommendations of the Sept. 11 panel.	0
0	Prime minister begins planning fourth term after election win in <b>...</b>  Prime Minister John Howard, fresh from winning an election mandate to keep Australian troops in Iraq as long as needed, accepted congratulations from President Bush and began planning his fourth term Sunday.	0
0	Hamas vows to keep up attacks  The militant Islamic group Hamas said the death of Palestinian President Yasser Arafat would strengthen its resolve to keep up attacks against Israel.	2
1	Kerry on the Offensive in NYC, on TV  Description: Democratic presidential nominee Sen. John Kerry spends Tuesday on the offensive. In both a speech to a New York City union, and an appearance on The Daily Show with Jon Stewart, Kerry denounces 	1
0	Sharon to consider withdrawing Israeli forces during Palestinian <b>...</b>  NEW YORK - At the request of the US administration, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has agreed to consider removing Israeli security forces from Palestinian population areas to facilitate Palestinian elections in the next two months, the New York 	4
1	Bush challenges state laws allowing marijuana use for medical <b>...</b>  ELEANOR HALL: It #39;s been found to help ameliorate some of the side-effects of chemotherapy, reduce spasms associated with multiple sclerosis and help patients with chronic pain.	0
1	APEC Leaders Want to Revive World Trade Talks  Asia-Pacific leaders promised on Sunday to try to revive world trade talks and fight terrorism after a summit marred at the end by spats over the security of President Bush.	0
0	Bush Campaign's Top Outside Lawyer Resigns  An election lawyer for President Bush also has been advising a veterans group running TV ads against John Kerry.	0 1
0	Pulling out - in Jerusalem, too  On the Friday when the late Palestinian Authority chairman Yasser Arafat was buried in the courtyard of the Muqata, the media reported that because of the fear of riots, the Israeli government had decided to close the Temple Mount mosques to residents of 	2
0	Bush official: US has been advised about possible North Korea <b>...</b>  The United States has received indications North Korea might be trying to test a nuclear weapon, a senior Bush administration said Sunday.	0
2	Browns ready to rebound  On a recent campaign stop, President Bush dropped in to visit the Cleveland Browns before one of their training camp practices.	0
1	Aid to Palestinians Approved  President Bush approved yesterday  $20 million in direct aid to the Palestinian Authority, as part of a broader White House strategy to pursue peace in the Middle East following Yasser Arafat #39;s death.	0 2
0	The Economist favours Kerry in US presidential vote (AFP)  AFP - The Economist, the weekly bible of the world's top movers and shakers, said it is throwing its support behind Democratic challenger John Kerry in the upcoming US presidential election.	1
3	Bush Signs Corporate Tax Cut Bill   WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Without fanfare, President Bush  signed into law on Friday a nearly  $140 billion corporate tax  cut bill derided by both Democratic presidential rival John  Kerry and Republican Sen. John McCain as a giveaway to special  interests.	0 1
1	Bush #39;s Comanche Defense Policy  Two recent presidents of the United States, Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush, have learned the most important lesson of the Comanche tribe: the overriding importance of a strong defense.	0
0	Powell Calls Arafat Unfit, Wants Qureia (AP)  AP - Secretary of State Colin Powell on Wednesday urged the Palestinian Authority to empower Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia to take charge in Gaza when Israel withdraws because Yasser Arafat is unable to do the job.	2
0	Kerry: Bush Allowed Bin Laden to Escape (AP)  AP - Democratic Sen. John Kerry said Friday that Osama bin Laden would be in captivity or dead if he would have been president during the war against Afghanistan.	1
0	UK #39;s Blair Attacks Opponents of Iraq War After Grave Found  UK Prime Minister Tony Blair attacked opponents of his decision to take the nation to war in Iraq, saying allowing Saddam Hussein to remain in power would have risked the murder of more Iraqis.	3
0	Ex-Bush Official on Cybersecurity Returns (AP)  AP - Howard Schmidt, a highly regarded technology executive who was former special adviser to President Bush for cybersecurity, is returning to work with the Homeland Security Department on efforts to protect the nation's computer networks.	0
0	Israeli Parliament Backs Sharon Gaza Pullout Plan   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's parliament ratified Prime  Minister Ariel Sharon's Gaza withdrawal plan on Tuesday, a  pivotal step toward the first evacuation of settlers from  occupied territory Palestinians want for a state.	4
0	Sharon opposes peace talks with Syria for now  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Thursday that he wouldn #39;t recommend to open negotiations with Syria when terror groups are operating there, Jerusalem Post reported.	4
1	Utah Man Buys Up Domain Names in Bush Push  RUTLAND, Vt. - Type vermontdemocrats.com into your computer and you'll get a surprise: the re-election Web site of President Bush, a Republican...	0
0	UK initiative on climate change  Tony Blair is to host a major scientific conference on climate change in February as part of an attempt to create an international consensus on the science involved and so lock the US and the G8 group of industrial nations into action beyond the Kyoto 	3
3	Bush supports strong US dollar  US President George W Bush #39;s administration supported a  quot;strong (US) dollar quot; while trusting the market to set its value, Treasury Department spokesman Tony Fratto said today.	0
1	In Cairo, dignitaries converge to pay tribute  Although he did not live to see Palestinian statehood, Yasser Arafat was given a funeral yesterday worthy of a head of state and attended by kings and presidents from around the world.	2
0	Abbas takes pole position after Barghuti withdraws from election <b>...</b>  RAMALLAH, West Bank - New PLO chief Mahmud Abbas emerged on Saturday as the clear contender to replace Yasser Arafat a day after jailed West Bank Fatah leader Marwan Barghuti said he would not be running in the presidential runoff in six weeks time.	2
0	Sharon Vows to Escalate Gaza Offensive  JERUSALEM - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon pledged Sunday to escalate a broad Israeli offensive in northern Gaza, saying troops will remain until Palestinian rocket attacks are halted. Israeli officials said the offensive - in which 58 Palestinians and three Israelis have been killed - will help clear the way for an Israeli withdrawal...	4
1	Kerry tells newspaper he is free of cancer  Sen. John Kerry #39;s doctors have told him he is cured of the prostate cancer that sidelined him almost two years ago and that there is a slim chance it could recur in the next decade, The New York Times said 	1
0	US Will Pursue Aggressive Foreign Policy - Powell  President Bush has a fresh mandate to pursue an  quot;aggressive quot; foreign policy, Secretary of State Colin Powell said on Tuesday.	0
1	Ignoring the Israeli Nuclear Arsenal, Bush Warns Iran After <b>...</b>  Ignoring the Israeli Nuclear Arsenal, President Bush warned Iran after uranium processing reports (see the Reuters report below). In an amazing consistent policy of serving the interests of Israel, President 	0
1	Kerry blames president for litany of wrongs  John F. Kerry, ratcheting up his campaign rhetoric, said yesterday that President George W. Bush #39;s middle initial should stand for  #39; #39;wrong quot; on 	0 1
1	Rove Says Bush Victory May Mark Republican Dominance (Update1)  President George W. Bush #39;s election victory may begin decades of Republican dominance in US politics, Karl Rove, the president #39;s chief political adviser, said.	0
0	Kerry Calls Ad Group a 'Front for the Bush Campaign'  John Kerry made the comments after weeks of standing by as a group of Vietnam veterans criticized his wartime record.	1
0	Kerry Unfit to Lead Amid 'Great Threats', Bush Says (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush labeled Sen. John Kerry on Saturday a political opportunist who is unfit to lead amid "great threats" to America.	0 1
0	Blair grants US call to move 850 troops  LONDONPrime Minister Tony Blair #39;s government has taken the politically risky decision to send British troops to back up an expected US military assault on the Iraqi rebel stronghold of Falluja.	3
0	Israel Willing to Coordinate Gaza Pullout  Israel on Monday offered its first indication it was reassessing relations with the Palestinians after Yasser Arafat #39;s death, suggesting it might coordinate a planned withdrawal from the Gaza Strip if the Palestinian Authority cracks down on militant 	2
0	Inquiry Into Cause Of Arafat Death  (CBS/AP) Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia ordered an inquiry Wednesday to determine the cause of death of former leader Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Palestinians Pour Out Grief Over Arafat's Death   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinians streamed into  the streets of the West Bank and Gaza Strip on Thursday in an  outpouring of grief over the death of Yasser Arafat, the  enduring symbol of their nationalist cause.	2
1	Paisley demands photographs of IRA disarmament  The Irish Republican Army (IRA) must have its disarmament photographed for publication, Nor-thern Ireland #39;s hard-line Protes-tant leader declared after another negotiating session with British Prime Minister Tony Blair.	3
0	Kerry Gives Money to Support Dem Races (AP)  AP - John Kerry is giving  #36;250,000 to support Democrats in disputed elections in Washington state and Louisiana and forming a new fund that could help his future political ambitions.	1
1	Bush backs full budget authority of proposed intelligence director  The White House unveiled a detailed plan on Wednesday to give a new national intelligence director (NID), as recommended by the commission investigating theSept.	0
0	Kerry as the Boss: Always More Questions  But the downside to Senator John Kerry's deliberative style is that his campaign has often moved slowly.	1
1	'Kill Bush' rappers rapped by US  Norwegian rappers who set up a website appearing to call on people to kill President Bush is in trouble with US authorities.	0
1	Criticism isn #39;t treason, but abject acceptance is  John Kerry #39;s escalating criticism of George W. Bush #39;s policy in Iraq raises a question fundamental to democracy: How far can the opposition go in attacking the president in the midst of a war?	0 1
0	BBC former director attacks Blair over Iraq war  Former director of the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) Greg Dyke has made a scathing attack on British Prime Minister Tony Blair over the Iraq war and its treatment of 	3
0	Palestinians to Elect Arafat Successor on Jan. 9 (Reuters)  Reuters - Palestinians set Jan. 9 as the date for presidential elections to replace Yasser Arafat on Sunday while the United States hinted it may be ready to resume Middle East peacemaking.	2
0	UK terror laws in  #39;tatters #39;  British Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s security strategy looks to be in trouble after a landmark legal ruling against a vital part of his anti-terror policy.	3
0	Bush to Renew Intelligence Reform Pressure on Congress  <p></p><p> By David Morgan</p><p> SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - President Bush will renewpressure on Congress to reach agreement on intelligence reformsthis year, after a weekend deal collapsed in the face ofRepublican opposition, the White House said on Sunday.</p>	0
1	Bush to turn up heat on economy  Like a holiday sing-along with familiar tunes and good cheer, President George W. Bush and a workshop of cabinet secretaries, economists and small business leaders Wednesday 	0
0	Bush Tries to Mend Ties With Latin America (AP)  AP - President Bush, trying to mend relations with Latin America, pledged Sunday to make a fresh push for stalled immigration reforms and defended the U.S. invasion of Iraq, saying that "history will prove it right."	0
1	Bush: saving Social Security  quot;can #39;t wait quot;  When it comes to Social Security, President Bush says saving the system from bankruptcy can #39;t wait. He says it #39;s time to give workers the ability to invest some of their contributions -- and he says guidelines 	0
0	Arafat kin to get medical file  Nearly a week after his death, speculation still swirls around what killed Yasser Arafat. Cirrhosis of the liver, AIDS, a blood disorder, or poisoning 	2
0	Sharpton Got  #36;86,715 to Aid Kerry Campaign (AP)  AP - All of John Kerry's one-time rivals in the Democratic presidential primary eventually lined up to support him as the nominee, but only one got paid for it  #151; Al Sharpton.	1
1	Palestinian Leaders Going Ahead with Arafat Visit  Palestinian leaders were going ahead with a visit to France to see critically ill Palestinian President Yasser Arafat, a senior Palestinian official told Reuters on Monday.	2
0	Sharon Sets Peace 'Test' for Palestinians   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, setting  a test for a new Palestinian leadership, said it could show its  desire for peace by ending incitement against Israel even  before any crackdown on militants.	4
0	Groups Eager to Meet With Bush, Kerry (AP)  AP - Organizations representing the nation's 3 million scientists, engineers and doctors have invited both presidential candidates to have a word with them  #151; online.	0
1	CBS investigation welcome  Though The Herald-Mail newspapers have no connection with CBS News, we nevertheless welcome the network #39;s appointment of two outside experts to probe its handling of a story about President Bush #39;s National Guard Service - a story that turned out to be 	0
1	AdWatch: Kerry responds to latest Bush ad   quot;One thousand US casualties. Two Americans beheaded just this week. The Pentagon admits terrorists are pouring into Iraq. In the face of the Iraq quagmire, George Bush #39;s answer is to run a juvenile and tasteless attack ad.	0 1
1	Kellogg CEO to head Commerce Department  President Bush said yesterday that he had tapped one of the nation #39;s most prominent Cuban-Americans, Carlos Gutierrez, chief executive officer and chairman of the board of Kellogg Co.	0
0	Blair outlines union policy role  Tony Blair is to tell the TUC conference he wants the unions to play a full part in shaping Labour's policies for the next election.	3
3	POLL- Managers Eye Stocks Post-Election (Reuters)  Reuters - U.S. money managers took the re-election of President Bush as a cue to make a significant shift to stocks from bonds after months of hesitation, a new Reuters asset allocation poll shows.	0
0	Powell sees Israeli withdrawal plan as opportunity for peace talks  US Secretary of State Colin Powell has said that the Gaza disengagement plan being pushed forward by Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has provided an opportunity for reactivating peace talks.	4
1	Kerry: Bush spinning Iraq  Democrat John Kerry told National Guard veterans Thursday that President Bush operates from  quot;a fantasy world of spin quot; when he describes the situation in Iraq.	0 1
0	Bush: Kerry Has 'Election Amnesia' on Iraq (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush said on Saturday that Sen. John Kerry has a case of "election amnesia" that led him to shift his stance on Iraq, painting his Democratic rival as a waverer unfit to lead America in threatening times.	0 1
1	McCain chastises Bush, Kerry over campaign rhetoric  Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., a supporter of President Bush and a friend of Sen. John Kerry, chastised the two candidates Friday for their superheated campaign rhetoric on Iraq and the war on terror.	0 1
0	Blair to Have Heart Procedure, Will Serve 3rd Term   LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair will  go into hospital Friday for a procedure to correct heart  palpitations but will be fully functioning and back at work  next week, his office said in a statement.	3
1	AP: US Officials Knew of AIDS Drug Risks  President Bush plays with his dog Barney after returning to the White House, Sunday, Dec. 12, 2004, after a bike ride. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh).	0
0	Bush Pledges Safer World, Resumes Stumping  NEW YORK - President Bush pledged "a safer world and a more hopeful America" as he accepted his party's nomination for a second term in office and plunged into the final two months of his re-election campaign. He promptly drew fire Friday from challenger John Kerry that he was "unfit to lead this country."   In the city that transformed his presidency three Septembers ago, Bush declared to a raucous GOP convention crowd: "We have fought the terrorists across the earth - not for pride, not for power, but because the lives of our citizens are at stake...	0 1
0	Kerry Pledges to Lower Health Care Costs (AP)  AP - Democrat John Kerry said Thursday he would cut health care costs if elected to replace President Bush, who he said "hasn't even tried" as costs have soared for American families during the past four years.	0 1
1	Arafat #39;s condition improving but further tests needed, say <b>...</b>  An ailing Yasser Arafat entered a fourth day of emergency treatment Monday at a French military hospital specializing in blood disorders, but the cause of his precipitous decline in health remained unexplained.	2
0	Wife Invokes Supreme Court to Tout Kerry (AP)  AP - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry would appoint Supreme Court justices who would safeguard a half-century of civil rights gains, his wife said Friday.	1
0	Israel ready for Gaza withdrawal  JERUSALEM - Israel is prepared to coordinate its pullout from Gaza with a new Palestinian government, officials said Sunday, a shift from Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s concept of  quot;unilateral disengagement quot; and a sign that cooperation may be restored in 	4
1	Assault weapons ban due to expire Monday  Can you get away with defying public opinion? Sometimes. Sometimes you can even get the political Play of the Week. President Bush says he will sign a bill renewing the assault weapons ban if Congress passes it.	0
1	Bush Denounces Ad Attacking Kerry War Record  President George Bush today denounced a television advertisement attacking John Kerrys war record and called for a halt to all such political ads by outside groups.	0
0	Blair calls Iraq a new conflict #39;  Britain is embroiled in a fresh conflict with Iraq as it battles to quash global terrorism for ever, British Prime Minister Tony Blair declared in a stark relabeling of the situation on Sunday.	3
1	Palestinian-Israeli peace achievable with enlightened leadership  Whether we shed tears of pain or smile with joy at Yasser Arafat #39;s passing, the future of Palestinian-Israeli relations hangs in the balance.	2
1	Arafat appeals to kidnappers  PALESTINIAN leader Yasser Arafat today issued an urgent call for the immediate release of two French journalists taken hostage in Iraq.	2
0	Bush Says U.S. Is Committed to Jan. 30 Elections in Iraq  The statement was a rejection of more than a dozen political parties who said elections should not be held until security improved.	0
0	Israel Vows Mideast Peace Unless Provoked (AP)  AP - Israel will not launch attacks or raids against Palestinians if the situation remains calm and it is not provoked, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Thursday.	4
0	Kerry Claims Bush Has Social Security Plans (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush plans a "big January surprise" if re-elected by moving quickly to allow some private Social Security accounts, which will reduce benefits for retirees and swell the U.S. deficit, Democratic Sen. John Kerry claimed on Sunday.	0 1
1	Bush And Kerry To Lock Horns In Three Debates This Fall  Tired of hearing George Bush and John Kerry talk right past each other during their stump speeches? Well, get ready for the two major contenders in this year #39;s presidential race to square off face-to-face 	0 1
1	Kerry scolds Bush over  quot;no regrets quot;  Sen. John Kerry excoriated President Bush yesterday for saying he had no regrets about his declaration more than a year ago that the mission in Iraq was accomplished 	0 1
1	Thompson steps down  President George W. Bush asked Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld Friday to continue into his second term, while Tommy Thompson said he is stepping down as secretary of 	0
1	Terror Tape Shakes Up Bush-Kerry Campaign  President Bush and Sen. John Kerry charged into a sharp final round of argument Saturday over which one can best fight global terrorism, the import of their debate underscored by Osama bin Laden #39;s sudden reappearance 	0 1
0	Paisley to meet Blair as efforts continue to secure North deal  Democratic Unionist Party leader Ian Paisley is due to meet British Prime Minister Tony Blair in London today as part of ongoing efforts to restore devolved government in the North.	3
0	Straw hopeful as he visits Arafat #39;s grave  JACK Straw, the Foreign Secretary, visited the grave of the late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat yesterday at the end of a two-day trip to Israel and the West Bank to help revive the Middle East peace process.	2
1	RUBEN NAVARETTE JR. More young voters in favor of Kerry  I think I #39;ve figured out a way for John Kerry to win the White House hands down: Limit voting to people under 30. When polls examine all likely voters, most of them show President Bush maintaining a razor-thin 	0 1
0	Palestinians Flood Arafat Compound Before Burial   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Thousands of mourners  converged on Yasser Arafat's compound in chaotic scenes on  Friday before their revered leader was to be buried in the  place where Israeli forces trapped him until his final days.	2
1	Valley Palestinian, Jewish leaders mull peace prospects without <b>...</b>  As Yasser Arafat clung to life in a French hospital Friday, local Palestinian-American and Jewish leaders considered what the prospects for peace in the Middle East will be like without him as leader of the Palestinian Authority.	2
1	Ailing Arafat Going to Paris; Mideast Is Uneasy  Yasir Arafat, the Palestinian leader, will be flown to Paris and hospitalized for the mysterious two-week-old ailment that has seriously weakened 	2
1	News Analysis: A first since Hoover in 1932  WASHINGTON It #39;s official: President George W. Bush will be the first US president since Herbert Hoover in 1932 to head into an election with fewer people working than when he started in office.	0
1	Massive balloting swamps county  Overwhelming numbers of Broward County Democrats have turned out to vote early in next week #39;s election in what analysts say could be a bad sign for President Bush #39;s chances to win the state.	0
1	Powell senses  #39;new attitude #39; in Mideast  In a bid to  quot;re-energize quot; the stalled Mideast peace process in the wake of Yasser Arafat #39;s death, Secretary of State Colin Powell made his first visit to Israel 	2
1	Official: No evidence Arafat was poisoned  Ramallah, West Bank -- A top Palestinian official said Saturday there is no evidence that Israel poisoned Yasser Arafat, but he called for an investigation into the cause of death of the Palestinian leader.	2
0	Fox to push Bush on migration at APEC  Mexico President Vicente Fox said Wednesday he will meet with US President George W. Bush in Chile during the economic summit of Pacific Rim nations.	0
1	Israeli parliament set to approve Gaza pullout  Israel #39;s divided parliament is widely expected to ratify Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Gaza withdrawal plan today, a crucial step towards the first evacuation of settlers from lands Palestinians want for a state.	4
0	Israel's Peres Urges Election, Pressures Sharon   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's opposition Labor Party  leader pushed an already embattled prime minister to the wall  by advocating early elections a day after Ariel Sharon's Likud  party barred him from coalition negotiations.	4
1	Sharon under pressure to hold referendum  The Israeli Prime Minister, Ariel Sharon, is facing growing pressure to call a referendum on his plan to withdraw Israeli troops and settlers from the Gaza Strip.	4
1	Sharon: 2005  #39;year of great opportunity #39;  Saying 2005 presents an  quot;opportunity for a historic breakthrough, quot; Prime Minister Ariel Sharon Thursday invited the incoming Palestinian government to help Israel coordinate its withdrawal from Gaza next year.	4
0	Americans Show Clear Concerns on Bush Agenda  Americans are optimistic about the next four years, but they have reservations about President Bush's agenda.	0
0	The Heart Of Labour  The news is mixed for British Prime Minister Tony Blair	3
0	Bush Praises Colombia's Battle Vs. Drugs (AP)  AP - Under a security web of warplanes, battleships and 15,000 troops, President Bush praised Colombia's battle against drugs and Marxist guerrillas Monday and pledged to keep U.S. aid flowing so "this courageous nation can win its war against narcoterrorists."	0
0	Update 1: UK Proposes Debt Relief for Poor Nations  Britain will provide more debt relief for the world #39;s poorest countries and challenge other rich governments to do the same, Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s government said Sunday.	3
0	Bush Seeks Money for Abstinence Education (AP)  AP - President Bush's re-election insures that more federal money will flow to abstinence education that precludes discussion of birth control, even as the administration awaits evidence that the approach gets kids to refrain from sex.	0
1	Gunfire Erupts Near Interim Palestinian Leader  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip -- There #39;s word that one security guard is dead after gunfire erupted at a tent set up in the Gaza Strip for mourners to gather in memory of Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Key dates in Yasser Arafat #39;s life  Aug 4, 1929: Born in Cairo, Egypt, fifth child of Palestinian merchant Abdel Raouf al-Qudwa al-Husseini. Jan 1, 1965: Forms Fatah guerrilla movement, which would become the core group of the Palestine Liberation 	2
1	Bush praises Pakistani leader, still hopeful in bin Laden search  Osama bin Laden is still missing and Pakistan seems to be restricting its search, but President Bush said Saturday he remains hopeful that the terrorist leader will be brought to justice.	0
0	Attorney General and Commerce Secretary Resign From Cabinet  John Ashcroft and Don Evans are the first members of President Bush's cabinet to leave as he heads into his second term.	0
1	Bush, Kerry continue war, economy debate  The presidential candidates are hitting big battleground states again today. President Bush will be on his second bus trip in Florida in four days.	0 1
0	Arafat admits he has made many mistakes  Yasser Arafat, the Palestinian leader, issued an unprecedented mea culpa yesterday, admitting that he had made mistakes and promising to rectify them. 	2
0	Urges nations to aid Iraq, promote rights  President Bush stood before an annual gathering of world leaders yesterday and forcefully defended his decision to invade Iraq, urging all 	0
1	Osama Bin Laden Criticizes President Bush in New Video  Al-Qaida terrorist leader Osama bin-Laden has threatened new attacks on the United States in a new videotape aired on al-Jazeera television.	0
0	Young Palestinians, after rule of Arafat, hope for rule of law  RAMALLAH, WEST BANK - They fly his banner, wear his face on their T-shirts, and utter solemn prayers with upturned hands at his graveside.	2
0	Bush to Sign Tax Cut Bill in Iowa  WASHINGTON - Just in time for the election, President Bush is going to one of the most contested states to sign his fourth tax cut in four years.    The White House is holding the signing ceremony Monday at a YMCA in Des Moines, Iowa - a Democratic area of a state that Bush lost by a razor-thin margin in 2000...	0
1	Mondo Washington  hings were looking good for George W. Bush last weekOhio and Florida safely tilting in his direction, John Kerry hanging on to a narrow lead in Michigan, and Pennsylvania seemingly drifting toward the Republicans.	0 1
0	Sharon announces disengagment timetable  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Thursday Israel #39;s pullout from Gaza will begin in May 2005 and will last 12 weeks, Haaretz reported.	4
0	Candidates on Issues: Medical Malpractice (AP)  AP - Three times a week, The Associated Press picks an issue and asks President Bush and Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry a question about it. Today's question and their responses:	0 1
0	Official: FARC Sought Bush Assassination  Colombia's main rebel group asked followers to mount an assassination attempt against President Bush during his visit to Colombia last week, Defense Minister Jorge Uribe said. There was no evidence Saturday that rebels even tried to organize such an attack.	0
1	Second debate filled with tough, tart exchanges  com. In the very first question of last night #39;s town hall debate, Sen. John Kerry was asked to explain charges that he #39;s  quot;too wishy-washy.	1
0	Kerry's Wife Treated at Iowa Hospital (AP)  AP - Teresa Heinz Kerry, the wife of Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry, was taken to a hospital here late Saturday after complaining of an upset stomach, a spokeswoman said.	1
1	Bush Awards Medals of Freedom to Iraq War Principals  Description: President Bush presents the Medal of Freedom to three key players in the Iraq War: former CIA Director George Tenet, Retired Gen.	0
1	Jovial Bush tries for fresh start with Canadians  President George W. Bush stopped for a day of neighbourly diplomacy in Canada yesterday. He thanked those  quot;Canadian people who came out to wave - with all five fingers quot; along his route into Ottawa.	0
0	Shaon asks Likud to OK talks with Labor  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has asked his party #39;s Central Committee to approve co-opting the Labor, Torah Judaism and Shas parties into the coalition.	4
1	For Kerry, a lag that mobilizes  John Kerry is right where he wants to be, Democrats ruefully joke: behind in the polls and remaking his campaign team. The Massachusetts 	1
0	Bush, Kerry Pause to Trade Barbs on Iraq  SPRING GREEN, Wis. - President Bush and rival Sen...	0
1	Bush Cites Report in Criticizing Kerry #39;s Health Care Proposals  WASHINGTON, Oct. 14  In criticizing Senator John Kerrys health care proposals, President Bush cited the Lewin report as an authoritative source.	0 1
1	Kerry #39;s hard jabs at Bush policies visibly draw president #39;s ire  John Kerry came to last night #39;s debate caricatured as an indecisive windbag, but he went after President Bush with a flurry of oral punches that put Bush on the defensive.	0 1
1	Oil Rises as Bush Victory Signals More Oil Will Go to Reserve  Crude oil climbed more than  $1 in New York on the re-election of President George W. Bush, who has been filling the US Strategic Petroleum Reserve.	0
3	Bush pledges to  quot;take on quot; deficit in hopes of supporting dollar  WHITE HOUSE President Bush is pledging to  quot;take on quot; the nation #39;s huge deficits -- in hopes of shoring up the sagging US dollar.	0
0	Hamas Fires Rockets, Gaza Attack Goes On   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Palestinians in Gaza fired two more  makeshift rockets at Israel on Wednesday and Israeli Prime  Minister Ariel Sharon ordered his army to press on with a  week-old offensive that has killed 75 Palestinians.	4
1	Sharon #39;s bold move in Gaza  Tuesday #39;s vote in the Israeli Knesset in favor of Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan for unilateral withdrawal of settlers and soldiers from Gaza was a historic moment in the history of Israel.	4
0	Kerry Tells Donors He's Ready to Fight (AP)  AP - Democrat John Kerry reminded his hometown supporters at a  #36;3 million fund-raiser Saturday night that he's come from behind to win elections before.	1
0	Bush says Iraqi election will be  #39;defining moment #39;  WASHINGTON - US President George W. Bush and Iraqi interim President Ghazi al-Yawar have restated their firm commitment to holding elections on Jan. 30 in spite of an upsurge in violence in Iraq.	0
0	Colombian Rebels Planned to Kill President Bush  <p></p><p> BOGOTA, Colombia (Reuters) - President Bush was targetedfor assassination by Colombia's biggest Marxist rebel groupthis week when he visited the Caribbean port city of Cartagena,a top Colombian official said on Saturday.</p>	0
2	Schilling Cancels Appearance With Bush (AP)  AP - World Series star Curt Schilling canceled a scheduled campaign appearance with President Bush on Friday.	0
1	Terrorists hope to defeat Bush through Iraq violence  Leaders and supporters of the anti-US insurgency say their attacks in recent weeks have a clear objective: The greater the violence, the greater the chances that President Bush 	0
1	Latest news briefs from the Jewish Telegraphic Agency  Israeli political parties that oppose Ariel Sharon #39;s Gaza withdrawal plan have no place in a future government coalition, one Cabinet minister said.	4
1	Palestinian security services on alert  All members of the Palestinian security services have been placed on a state of alert to prepare for a possible outbreak of unrest in the event of President Yasser Arafat #39;s death, Palestinian security sources say.	2
1	THE DEMOCRATIC NOMINEE Rock Stars Are Highlight, But Kerry Is the <b>...</b>  Bruce Springsteen is a hard act to follow, and Senator John Kerry was not born to perform. But the huge, high-voltage crowds who gathered this week to cheer on the 	1
0	Arafat will be buried among olive groves  Ramallah - Ramallah, known to Palestinians as the  quot;pearl of the West Bank quot;, is beloved for its mild climate, olive groves and white stone houses, and has now been chosen as the most fitting burial site for Yasser Arafat.	2
1	Florida families get down to serious cleanup; Bush views hurricane <b>...</b>  In storm-battered Florida, Rev. Russell Levenson of Christ Episcopal Church gave his congregation  quot;permission slips quot; Sunday to grieve for their lost possessions.	0
0	Chilean police arrest 120 demonstrators against globalization <b>...</b>  Around 120 protesters were arrested here Wednesday after they crashed with police in a rally against globalization and US President George W. Bush, who will arrive here for 	0
1	Was Bush Wired? Ridiculous, Campaign Says  CHANHASSEN, Minn. - Campaign aides to President Bush on Saturday laughed off rampant Internet speculation about whether the president was wired to get help from advisers during his first debate with Sen...	0
1	New footage from bin Laden tape  CAIRO, Egypt New video footage of Osama bin Laden shows the terror mastermind accusing President Bush of ignoring warnings against invading Iraq.	0
0	Kerry Links Iraq War, U.S. Economic Woes  WASHINGTON - Democrat John Kerry sought to link the Iraq war to U.S. economic woes on Wednesday, calling President Bush's move against Baghdad a "catastrophic choice" that so far has drained  $200 billion in needed resources at home...	0 1
0	McCain, Giuliani to Hail Bush on Security  NEW YORK - Sen. John McCain and former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani, two of the Republican Party's most popular politicians, open President Bush's nominating convention by calling him a leader unafraid of making unpopular choices to protect a nation scarred by the Sept...	0
1	Ohio rresidential votes may be headed for recount/12-7  President Bush beat Sen. John Kerry in Ohio by 118,775 votes, or just more than 2 percentage points, according to the official election results signed Monday by Secretary of State Ken Blackwell.	0 1
1	Paris hospital spokesman says Arafat is alive  After several reports claiming PA chief had passed away, hospital says, Situation is complex but Arafat is not dead. Earlier, a French doctor said Palestinian leader had no chance of waking up from coma he was in.	2
0	Flu Vaccine an Issue in Presidential Race (AP)  AP - As public health officials scramble to find more flu vaccine and experts debate how to increase the U.S. supply, John Kerry hopes voters will come to one conclusion: The severe shortage the United States now faces is President Bush's fault.	0 1
1	Bush #39;s bulge stirs media rumours  A bulge in the back of President George W Bush #39;s suit jacket during the first TV debate with John Kerry has triggered rumours that he was wired to get help.	1
1	Five Palestinians killed in Gaza amid calls to end offensive  Five more Palestinians were killed Thursday in Gaza as Israel pushed on with a massive operation in the north of the territory, as Ariel Sharon said he opposed holding a national referendum on his so-called disengagement plan.	4
0	For Cheney and Edwards, Efforts to Improve on the Other Debate  Loyalists of both parties might think the No. 2 candidates were more slashing debaters than John Kerry and President Bush.	0 1
1	Sharon Seeks to Broaden Coalition With Labor, Religious Parties  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon will seek to bring Labor and other parties into his government to avoid early elections after dismissing a coalition partner who voted against the budget.	4
1	Cheney-Edwards debate expected to have bigger impact in tight <b>...</b>  WASHINGTON (CP) - It was the upbeat multimillionare ex-trial lawyer versus the powerful, shadowy figure some call the Darth Vader of President George W. Bush #39;s administration.	0
0	Iraq War Foes Focus on Alternative Agenda to Bush (Reuters)  Reuters - On the eve of President Bush's address to the United Nations, domestic and foreign critics of his Iraq war policy focused on a radically different international agenda on Monday.	0
0	Arafat doctors  #39;told to delay #39; brain death tests  Crucial tests to establish whether Yasser Arafat is brain dead have not been carried out by a Paris hospital, a French newspaper reported yesterday, leading to claims that 	2
1	Sharon, with Party Backing, Invites Labour Into Govt  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on Friday invited the opposition Labour Party to begin talks to form a unity government, a move that would avoid early elections and pave the way for a withdrawal from Gaza.	4
1	Some Bush Political Allies Express Concern About Iraq  Some of President Bush #39;s Republican allies on Capitol Hill are warning of a credibility gap between Mr. Bush #39;s more optimistic statements concerning Iraq and what is actually taking place in the country.	0
0	Guthrie Publisher Lets Cartoon Use Song (AP)  AP - This song is my song, this song is your song. That's the agreement reached between the publishers of Woody Guthrie's classic "This Land is Your Land" and JibJab Media, creators of an animated Internet short that uses the tune in a comic sendup of President Bush and Sen. John Kerry's presidential campaigns.	0 1
0	Young Palestinians, after rule of Arafat, hope for rule of law  While Arafat was seen as the champion of Palestinian nationalism, he also came to represent corruption.	2
0	Thailand Off U.S. List of Drug Countries (AP)  AP - President Bush has removed Thailand from the U.S. government list of countries where significant illicit drug trafficking takes place.	0
0	Target practice  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has ordered the Israeli Defense Forces to stop the barrage of missiles from the Gaza Strip. Thus, the Israeli Army and Air Force are engaged in a major confrontation with the terrorists in Gaza.	4
0	Bush gets boost from votes in Afghanistan, Australia (AFP)  AFP - Afghanistan's first democratic vote and the electoral success of Australia's Prime Minister John Howard, a staunch Iraq war ally, gave President George W. Bush a major boost three weeks from the US vote.	0
1	An Electoral Affirmation of Shared Values  It was not a landslide, or a re-alignment, or even a seismic shock. But it was decisive, and it is impossible to read President Bush #39;s re-election with larger Republican majorities in both 	0
3	Scorecard on the president: A mixed bag  President Bush #39;s performance evaluation is underway now, and his scores will be determined by the voters who are weighing whether he has met the goals he set for himself four years ago.	0
0	Palestinian inquiry into Arafat #39;s death  The Palestinian leadership is to send a delegation to Paris in an attempt to establish the cause of Yasser Arafat #39;s death last week amid a growing belief among Palestinians that he was poisoned by Israel.	2
1	Arafat rushed to intensive care  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat was rushed on Wednesday to an intensive care unit in the Paris hospital where he has been receiving treatment for a serious blood disorder, but his life is not in danger, according to his aides.	2
0	Blair defiant over weapons report  Tony Blair reacts defiantly to the official confirmation Saddam Hussein had no weapons of mass destruction.	3
3	A Short-Lived Bush Rally?  WASHINGTON, DC - The stock market got off to a quick start on news of President George W. Bush #39;s victory, with the S amp;P 500 and the Nasdaq on Wednesday morning both up by more than 1.	0
1	Veep vexed over Dem #39;s lesbian  #39;trick #39;  Sen. John Kerry #39;s remark about Vice President Cheney #39;s lesbian daughter during the final debate has erupted into a major political storm, with the veep calling himself an  quot;angry father quot; and Kerry trying to back away from the furor.	1
0	Chile relations in trouble after spat  President Bush tried to mend relations in Latin America with fresh promises of immigration reform yesterday, while a new security spat surfaced with Chile after an embarrassing fracas in which Bush intervened.	0
0	Cuba laments Arafat #39;s passing  Cuba said Thursday #39;s death of Palestinian Authority leader Yasser Arafat was a  quot;cause for dismay in the international community.	2
0	Area #39;s Palestinians Mourn Loss of a Symbol  No one would call Sami Parbhoo a slavish follower of Yasser Arafat #39;s. Over the years, the 32-year-old Takoma Park resident has freely criticized the Palestinian leader #39;s rule.	2
1	Bush And Kerry To Square Off Thursday In Strictly Formatted Debate  After six months of firing long-distance spitballs at one another across battleground state lines, President George W. Bush and Senator John F. Kerry of Massachusetts finally go at it face to face this week.	0
0	Bush: Kerry's Plans Would Require Tax Hike  COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. - President Bush told supporters Tuesday in the conservative heart of Colorado that John Kerry cannot pay for the domestic programs he is proposing unless taxes are raised on the middle class...	0 1
0	Bush and Kerry must engage in Gaza withdrawal  The next few weeks may reveal whether or not Prime Minister Sharon will succeed in cobbling together a government that will implement his Gaza withdrawal plan. It is disconcerting to see how difficult he is finding it to ...	0 1
0	Britain's Labour Party struggles to shift conference focus from Iraq (AFP)  AFP - Britain's ruling Labour Party struggled to shift the pre-election focus to domestic politics, as Prime Minister Tony Blair faced renewed pressure over the fate of a British hostage in Iraq.	3
0	Powell Starts New Mideast Peace Mission (AP)  AP - Secretary of State Colin Powell embarked Sunday on a mission to revive the Middle East peace process after Yasser Arafat's death, saying he will ask Israel to help with the upcoming Palestinian election to pick a successor.	2
1	Sharon: Gaza Plan Only Way to Security  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon opened a stormy debate in parliament Monday with a passionate appeal to lawmakers to support his Gaza withdrawal plan - which has divided the country 	4
1	Hostage in wire cage renews his plea to Blair  A British hostage in Iraq has again appealed to British Prime Minister Tony Blair to help free him. The videotape aired on Wednesday left his family relieved 	3
0	Bush: Validity of Ukraine Vote in Doubt (AP)  AP - President Bush declared Friday that charges of voter fraud have cast doubt on the Ukrainian election, and warned that any European-negotiated pact on Iran's nuclear program must ensure the world can verify Tehran's compliance.	0
0	Focus / Filling Arafat #39;s shoes  The three days of festivities marking the end of the month of Ramadan, Id al-Fitr, which began yesterday in the Palestinian Authority, give the leadership something of a brief time-out 	2
0	Bush Nominates Rice to Replace Powell at State Department  President Bush turned to his most trusted foreign policy adviser, Condoleezza Rice, to lead U.S. diplomacy during his second term.	0
0	India #39;s techies welcome Bush victory  Seoul, November 4: Opinions differed sharply across Asia on Thursday on US President George W. Bush #39;s reelection, but one common theme that emerged was for him to soften his perceived unilateralism to help solve crises across the region.	0
0	Bush, Cheney Concede Saddam Had No WMDs  WASHINGTON - President Bush and his vice president conceded Thursday in the clearest terms yet that Saddam Hussein had no weapons of mass destruction, even as they tried to shift the Iraq war debate to a new issue - whether the invasion was justified because Saddam was abusing a U.N. oil-for-food program...	0
0	IRA shutdown hinges on talks  As Prime Minister Tony Blair and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern go into the second day of peace talks with the political parties, paramilitary weapons were central to chances of success.	3
0	What Bush #39;s Re-election Means for Korea-US Ties  WASHINGTON, DC -- The North Korean nuclear issue lies at the heart of US policies toward the Korean Peninsula. The North Korean nuclear issue is one of top priority foreign policies of President Bushs second administration.	0
1	Israel #39;s Sharon says he will co-ordinate Gaza pullout with <b>...</b>  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said in an interview published Sunday that he is ready to co-ordinate Israel #39;s planned withdrawal from the Gaza Strip to take advantage of new opportunities created by the death of Yasser Arafat.	2 4
0	Arafat doctors found  #39;no poison #39;  Tests on Yasser Arafat #39;s body showed no traces of any known poisons, according to medical files released on Monday.  quot;There is no clear diagnosis, quot; said Nasser al-Kidwa, the late leader #39;s nephew, who collected 	2
0	No excuses  How many Iraqis will die today? Maybe 10. Maybe 100. We have no way of knowing. Blair and Bush, who invaded and occupied Iraq in order to make the world a safer place, say there is no reliable way to count Iraqi casualties - and so they will not try.	0
0	The end of an era  The death of Yasser Arafat brings the Middle East to the end of an era. Mr Arafat symbolised - for over four decades - the Palestinian people #39;s struggle for an independent homeland.	2
1	US Presidential Nominees Head to Miami for Debate  The focus of the US presidential campaign is moving to Miami, Florida, the site of the first debate between President Bush and his Democratic opponent John Kerry.	0 1
1	Bush, Kerry argue over who can beat terrorism  COLUMBUS, Ohio - Osama bin Ladens sudden reappearance on videotape and the deaths of eight Marines in Iraq on Saturday sent President Bush and Democrat John Kerry into a sharp final round of argument over which one can defeat terrorism, the 	0 1
1	Arafat and Palestinians  The land traditionally known as Palestine has been an unsettled international issue since the end of World War I. In 1947, the United Nations proposed dividing the land into Arab and Jewish countries, with Jerusalem under international administration.	2
3	Bush Nominates Kellogg CEO to Commerce   WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Bush nominated Kellogg CEO  Carlos Gutierrez on Monday as his next commerce secretary.	0
0	Bush Signs Internet Tax, Special Ed Bills (AP)  AP - State and local governments will be barred from taxing connections that link people to the Internet for the next three years under legislation signed Friday by President Bush.	0
3	Bush's "Internets"  The World Wide Web is shaping up huge in the 2004 presidential election.	0
0	Vietnam Vets Rally Against Kerry in D.C. (AP)  AP - Chanting "Kerry lied," hundreds of Vietnam veterans on Sunday rallied against fellow veteran and Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry.	1
0	Settlers #39; views: Gaza withdrawal  The Israeli parliament has voted in favour of Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to pull Jewish settlers out from Gaza. BBC News Online spoke to four settlers about their thoughts on their uncertain future.	4
0	Blair in talks with Iraqi leader  Tony Blair is to hold his first talks with Iraq's interim prime minister Iyad Allawi at Downing Street.	3
0	Blair pledges to  #39;end digital divide #39; if re-elected  Prime Minister Tony Blair has committed a future Labour government to providing broadband access for all during a next term of office.	3
0	Bush Vows Second-Term Push for Palestinian State   WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Bush on Friday set a  four-year goal of seeing a Palestinian state established and he  and British Prime Minister Tony Blair vowed to mobilize  international support to help make it happen now that Yasser  Arafat is dead.	0 2 3
1	P. Diddy Unhappy With Campaign Schedules (AP)  AP - Sean "P. Diddy" Combs is ready to play travel agent for the presidential candidates. During his swing state Vote or Die! tour, the 34-year-old hip-hop mogul said he was disappointed President Bush and Democratic nominee John Kerry aren't stopping in urban areas during their campaigns.	0 1
0	Chaos continues in Gaza City  Gunfire erupts near a potential Palestinian leader, though most doubt it was an assassination attempt. JERUSALEM - Gunmen in the Gaza Strip unleashed bursts of automatic-weapons fire Sunday near Yasser Arafat #39;s 	2
1	The Democrats #39; Choice  In his first key appointment since the election, President Bush has chosen to replace outgoing Attorney General John D. Ashcroft with White House Counsel Alberto R. Gonzales, a lawyer who was described in a Nov.	0
1	Arafat does not have leukemia  Paris - Ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, in Paris for urgent treatment of a mysterious illness, does not have leukemia, a Palestinian diplomat said on Saturday.	2
0	Analysts: Arafat Treatment Seen as Sign of France #39;s Friendship <b>...</b>  Palestinian officials say Yasser Arafat #39;s health has improved since Friday, when he arrived in France for treatment for a still-mysterious illness.	2
0	Bush Detractors Plan Quiet Rejection (AP)  AP - No buttons, signs or unusual dress will distinguish the protesters from the thousands who will line the inaugural parade route next month, but at a set time, they say they will demonstrate against President Bush  #151; by turning their backs on the chief executive.	0
0	Sharon Expected to Win Gaza Vote, Unsure of Budget  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is confident of parliament #39;s support Wednesday for compensation payments to settlers leaving the Gaza Strip in an important step 	4
0	Was Bush Wired? Ridiculous, Campaign Says  CHANHASSEN, Minn. - Campaign aides to President Bush on Saturday laughed off rampant Internet speculation about whether the president was wired to get help from advisers during his first debate with Sen...	0
1	 $388B spending bill may face votes soon  Lawmakers and White House budget bargainers whittled their differences to a handful, fueling hopes Congress can speed an overdue  $388 billion bill to President Bush that finances most federal agencies.	0
0	Sharon angers settlers by refusing to negotiate  As some Palestinians returned to their Gaza homes to survey the damage after a deadly incursion, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon tried to win support for his withdrawal plan from angry Jewish settlers.	4
0	Sharon to speed up Gaza pullout  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon unveiled on Tuesday an accelerated timetable for his planned pullout of the Gaza Strip and said it should win parliamentary approval in early November.	4
0	U.S. Sending Mixed Signals on Settlements (AP)  AP - The State Department indicated Monday a new flexibility in interpreting President Bush's call two years ago for a freeze on Israeli settlements in Palestinian territories.	0
1	US inspector at odds with Bush on Iraq weapons  The assessment contrasted with statements by President George W. Bush before the invasion, when he cited a growing threat from Iraqs weapons of mass destruction as the reason for overthrowing President Saddam Hussein.	0
1	John Kerry facing his moment of truth  IN THE run-up to tomorrows first presidential debate between George W Bush and Senator John Kerry, I came across an interesting speech the other day.	1
3	Big Tax Plans, Big Tax Risks  Hardly anybody likes the current tax system. But as President Bush undertakes the potentially historic task of coming up with something better, he is confronting 	0
1	Profile: Bernard Kerik  Former New York City Police Commissioner Bernard Kerik, left, speaks in the Roosevelt Room at the White House, Friday, Dec. 3, 2004 after President Bush announced Kerik as his choice to replace Secretary of Homeland Security Tom Ridge.	0
0	Gaza Gunmen Kidnap, Then Free Palestinian Official  Palestinian gunmen kidnapped a top security official they accused of corruption and held him for several hours in the Gaza Strip on Thursday in a fresh challenge to President Yasser Arafat amid a wave of unrest.	2
0	Bush, Kerry on Issue of Drug Importation (AP)  AP - Three times a week, The Associated Press picks an issue and asks President Bush and Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry a question about it. Today's question and their responses:	0 1
1	Arafat Stable Amid Puzzle Over Burial and Successor  Yasser Arafat remained in a critical condition as uncertainty mounted over who might succeed him and where he might be buried should he die.	2
0	Arafat #39;s wife claims his men want him dead  THE political struggle for Yasser Arafat #39;s inheritance escalated last night into a fierce contest for the dying man #39;s body, as a war of words erupted between the Palestinian leader #39;s wife and his top officials.	2
0	US dismisses North Korea's personal attacks on Bush as "inappropriate" (AFP)  AFP - The United States dismissed as inappropriate North Korea's unusually strong personal attacks on President George W. Bush, but remained confident Pyongyang would attend talks to resolve the nuclear crisis in the Korean peninsula.	0
0	Budget fight deals setback to Sharon  The government of Prime Minister Ariel Sharon was thrown into crisis last night after Israel #39;s parliament rejected the proposed 2005 budget and Sharon 	4
1	America Is Asking...  Two reports released this week on the Abu Ghraib prison scandal described the abuses of detainees there as torture and assigned responsibility to high-ranking military officers and senior Bush administration officials.	0
1	Bush shields shrimp industry  The Bush administration yesterday said Chinese and Vietnamese shrimp are sold at unfairly low prices in the United States, siding with US fishermen as they try to fend off overseas competition.	0
0	Kerry Pledges to Lower Health Care Costs (AP)  AP - Democrat John Kerry said Thursday he would cut health care costs that have soared the past four years during the Bush administration while millions have lost their health insurance. Bush "hasn't even tried" to lower the costs, Kerry said in an interview with The Associated Press.	0 1
0	Iraq's Interim Leader to Visit White House (AP)  AP - Welcoming Iraq's interim president to the White House offers President Bush a chance to persuade Iraqi minority groups to participate in next month's election  #151; a pivotal step toward a democracy still threatened by a violent insurgency.	0
1	Global Security Newswire  WASHINGTON - US President George W. Bush signed into law today legislation that will enact some of the most far-reaching changes to the US intelligence community in decades (see GSN, Dec. 9).	0
0	Pakistani leader arrives for talks  Pakistani President General Pervez Musharraf has arrived in Britain for a visit which will include talks with Prime Minister Tony Blair.	3
0	Arafat Wife Deputies Plotting to 'Bury Him Alive'   PARIS (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat's wife accused Palestinian  leaders on Monday of plotting to "bury him alive," but they  decided to go ahead with a visit to the critically ill  Palestinian president at a French military hospital.	2
0	Cherie denies family pressure on Tony Blair to resign:  World News London, Sept 17 : Cherie Blair denied reports that her husband Tony Blair had decided to resign as Prime minister due to family pressures.	3
0	Analysis: Kerry Term Would Face Hurdles (AP)  AP - If Sen. John Kerry is elected, his presidency is likely to bring a sharp shift in White House direction  #151; along with pragmatic backpedaling on some of his boldest campaign promises.	1
0	TV Ad Focuses on U.S. Military Wounded in Iraq (Reuters)  Reuters - A new television ad sponsored by U.S. veterans strongly questions President Bush's case for war in Iraq, but the group behind it said on Wednesday the spot was not meant to benefit either presidential candidate.	0
0	Bomb found near Berlusconi #39;s villa  ROME The police defused a bomb early Wednesday not far from Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi #39;s villa in Sardinia where, hours earlier, Prime Minister Tony Blair and his wife had been visitors.	3
0	Blair seeks new climate agreement with US  The prime minister, Tony Blair, has been working to persuade the US to sign up to an alternate agreement to cut greenhouse gas emissions, it emerged today.	3
0	Kerry and Bush Face Off Over War, Jobs  ST. LOUIS - President Bush and John Kerry sprinted back to the campaign trail, trying to build on their performances in an argumentative second debate that saw the presidential candidates colliding over war, jobs, education, health care, abortion, the environment and prescription drugs...	0 1
0	Great Promise, Muted Results (Los Angeles Times)  Los Angeles Times - WASHINGTON  #8212; A year ago, more than 100,000 anti-American demonstrators stomped through the streets of London as President Bush met with Prime Minister Tony Blair about the troubled aftermath of the Iraq war.	0 3
0	Egypt to Host Military Funeral for Arafat   CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt, where Yasser Arafat began his  political life and where biographers say he was born, will host  a military funeral for the former Palestinian president on  Friday before his burial in the West Bank, officials said.	2
0	Family to see Arafat #39;s medical records  French authorities have confirmed that the medical records of late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat can be released to what they call eligible parties, such as his family.	2
0	Labor Allies Want Senate to Block OT Rules (AP)  AP - Fresh from their triumph in the House, labor allies want the Senate to derail new Bush administration overtime rules that critics say would prevent 6 million American workers from getting the bonus pay.	0
0	As Drama Plays Out, Mixed Feelings for Arafat #39;s Neighbors  No crowds of well-wishers massed Thursday outside the Mukata, the mostly ruined compound where Yasser Arafat has been confined for the past two years.	2
0	Reuters Poll: Bush Leads Kerry by 1 Point (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush leads Democratic rival John Kerry by 1 point with six days left in a tight race for the White House, according to a Reuters/Zogby poll released on Wednesday.	0 1
0	Bush Criticizes Anti-Kerry Television Ad  WASHINGTON - President Bush on Monday criticized a commercial that accused John Kerry of inflating his own Vietnam War record, more than a week after the ad stopped running, and said broadcast attacks by outside groups have no place in the race for the White House.   "I think they're bad for the system," added Bush, who had ignored calls to condemn the ad while it was on the air...	0 1
0	Palestinian sources: No change in Arafat #39;s condition  A source close to Yasser Arafat denied reports Wednesday that the Palestinian leader #39;s condition has deteriorated sharply, but another official acknowledged that his condition remained  quot;difficult.	2
0	Democrat ad presses Iraq attack  John Kerry accuses President George W Bush of incompetence over Iraq in a hard-hitting TV campaign ad.	1
0	Bush: Kerry Unable to Win War on Terror (AP)  AP - President Bush said Wednesday that Sen. John Kerry's views on national security are so misguided that the Democrat would be unable to defeat terrorism.	0 1
1	Jokesters now the go-to guys for US candidates  John Kerry can #39;t do comedy. The world kind of knew that already, but Kerry can do bemused politician. This talent might help him in his television appearances.	1
0	Kerry and Bush Take Aim at Key Swing States (Reuters)  Reuters - Democratic Sen. John Kerry stressed his faith and values during a visit to the critical state of Florida on Sunday, while President Bush scoured New Mexico for votes and said it was "up in the air" if the United States could ever be safe from terrorism.	0 1
0	Bush Leads in One Poll, Tied in Another  WASHINGTON - President Bush has a double-digit lead in one new national poll, but he's tied with Democrat John Kerry in another. Both campaigns say their own polling has the race close, with Bush's people seeing a slight lead for the president...	0
0	CBS Says It Can't Vouch for Bush Documents  CBS admitted today that it cannot vouch for the authenticity of documents used to support a story that questioned President Bush's National Guard service.	0
0	The men who could replace Arafat  Analysts say securing the popular vote is key for the credibility of new Palestinian leadership.	2
1	Bush Goes to Farm Belt for New Agriculture Secretary  President Bush reached into the farm belt on Thursday to name Nebraska Gov. Mike Johanns as his new agriculture secretary, a surprise choice that rewarded a bedrock Republican region.	0
1	Bush pushes domestic agenda during economic summit  President Bush on Wednesday launched a public-relations push for his second term #39;s top domestic programs at a White House economic conference focused on his campaign promises for 	0
3	Dow Ends Up 101 on President Bush Victory  Wall Street celebrated President Bush #39;s re-election with a solid rally Wednesday, surging higher as investors welcomed continuity in Washington and shrugged off higher oil prices.	0
1	Sharon wants Gaza raid  #39;expanded #39;  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has said the ongoing military raid of northern Gaza, which has already killed 56 Palestinians, should be expanded.	4
1	American Pranksters the Yes Men Seek New Recruits   LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - They are two American pranksters  serious about being simultaneously funny and subversive and  they sometimes pose as double-talking Bush loyalists or  off-the-wall officials -- the sort who offer to recycle  hamburger to stop hunger.	0
0	Top British Official Resigns Amid Scandal (AP)  AP - Britain's top law enforcement officer, a key member of Tony Blair's Cabinet, resigned Wednesday after acknowledging that his department fast-tracked a visa for his former lover's nanny.	3
0	Sharon says ready to negotiate with new Palestinian leader  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Sunday that he was prepared to start negotiations with a new responsible Palestinian leader after Arafat #39;s departure, the Ha #39;aretz daily reported.	2 4
0	Netanyahu Calls for Gaza Plan Referendum  JERUSALEM Sept. 13, 2004 - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s attempt to speed up a withdrawal from the Gaza Strip was undercut Monday by his main political rival, who called for a national referendum that could delay or even scuttle the pullout.	4
1	Oil firms above  $50 as Bush nears win  Oil prices jumped above  $50 a barrel this morning, supported by US election tallies projecting a slim lead for President George W Bush.	0
0	Egyptian Officials Arrive in West Bank (AP)  AP - Two top Egyptian officials arrived in the West Bank on Monday for talks with Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat on Israel's planned withdrawal from the Gaza Strip.	2
0	Springsteen Kicks Off 'Vote for Change'  PHILADELPHIA - Two of the biggest forces in rock music over the last 20 years were plugging in the amplifiers Friday to kick off a high-volume effort to oust President Bush on Nov. 2...	0
1	Kerry Slams Bush On WMD Report  (CBS/AP) Democratic Sen. John Kerry said Thursday that a new report finding Iraq had no stockpiles of banned weapons  quot;provided definitive evidence as to why George Bush should not be re-elected president of the United States.	1
1	Iran has said it has frozen uranium enrichment programs  WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- President Bush said Monday he wants to verify if Iran has indeed suspended its nuclear fuel program as it has said it has done.	0
0	Bush Reviews Disputed Guard Documents  KENNEBUNKPORT, Maine - President Bush has reviewed disputed documents that purport to show he refused orders to take a physical examination in 1972 and did not recall having seen them previously, a White House official said Saturday.    The long-running story on Bush's Texas Air National Guard service took an unusual twist when CBS broadcast a report on what it said were the newly discovered records...	0
0	Chance for Mideast peace  It would be a huge mistake to say that the late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat was the only obstacle to peace in the Middle East, but it is an undeniable fact that his death has resurrected, like nothing else could have, prospects for peace between 	2
0	UK #39;s Blair Urges Labor to Unite After Split on Iraq (Update2)  UK Prime Minister Tony Blair, apologizing for wrong #39; #39; intelligence used to justify the invasion of Iraq, urged his Labour Party to set aside differences over the war as it prepares to campaign for an unprecedented third term.	3
0	UK Decides on US Request to Redeploy Iraq Troops (Update1)  UK Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s cabinet made a decision on a US request to deploy British troops in Iraq into an area controlled by American forces.	3
0	Military Families Express Some Iraq Doubts  WASHINGTON - Members of the military and their families say the Bush administration underestimated the number of troops needed in Iraq and put too much pressure on inadequately trained National Guard and reserve forces, according to a poll released Saturday.    This critical view comes from a military group that has a more favorable view of President Bush, Iraq, the economy and the nation's direction than Americans in general...	0
1	Bush more optimistic about Iraq than assessments by intelligence <b>...</b>  While a new intelligence estimate offers a gloomy assessment of Iraq #39;s future, President Bush talks instead about brighter days ahead under 	0
1	Senior Palestinian Officials to Visit Arafat  JERUSALEM, Nov. 7-- Senior Palestinian officials who have been running the government during leader Yasser Arafat #39;s hospitalization plan to travel to Paris early this week to assess his condition, Palestinian officials said Sunday night.	2
1	50 percent support president; 41 percent support senator  WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- President Bush has maintained his post-convention bounce and even grown his support to a nine-point lead over Democratic rival John Kerry, according to a new CBS News/New York Times poll released Friday.	0 1
3	Bush to tackle Social Security issues  The nation #39;s economy is growing, President Bush told attendees on the second day of a White House economic conference, but work remains to be done on Social Security, the deficit and what the president called  quot;fiscal restraint.	0
1	Bush, Kerry Are Near Even in Newsweek, Zogby Polls (Update1)  US President George W. Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry are statistically tied in a Newsweek poll, which last week showed Bush leading by 6 percentage points, and in a Reuters/Zogby tracking poll.	0 1
0	Abbas: PA will fulfill international obligations  PLO Chairman Mahmoud Abbas (Abu Mazen) on Sunday renewed his pledge to honor Yasser Arafat #39;s legacy by working to establish a Palestinian state with Jerusalem as its capital alongside Israel.	2
1	Bush puts off victory speech, although adviser claims  #39;convincing #39; <b>...</b>  After waiting all night with his presidency and place in the history books hanging in the balance, President Bush gave up plans for a victory speech early Wednesday.	0
1	THIS IS AMERICA - Election of 2004  And Im Steve Ember. Coming up ... results from the state and national elections of two thousand four. That was Senator John Kerry last Wednesday, telling his 	1
0	Post-Arafat scene  More than a week after the sudden passing away of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, we have the opportunity to evaluate the Palestinian scene.	2
1	Bush, Blair take hits over Iraq  Key GOP senators criticize handling of war, while leaked memos put British PM on defensive. Senior coalition partners US President George W. Bush, and British Prime Minister Tony Blair found themselves facing 	0 3
0	Israel Battens Down Hatches for Volatile Gaza Vote   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's parliament took  extraordinary security steps on Wednesday for a vote next week  on a Gaza pullout plan expected to spark Jewish settler  protests and heighten death threats against Prime Minister  Ariel Sharon.	4
0	Bush Administration Divide Re-Emerges Over N. Korea (Reuters)  Reuters - As President Bush prepares for a second term, hard-liners are pressing once again for a more coercive approach if six-party talks make no progress on resolving the North Korea nuclear issue.	0
0	Bush, Defense Policy Team Have Meeting (AP)  AP - President Bush is mapping out defense strategy with his top defense advisers as U.S. deaths in Iraq inch toward 1,000 and the election campaign focuses intently on he and Democrat John Kerry's credentials for keeping the nation safe.	0 1
3	All about the election  Reports on earnings, manufacturing and jobs are due this week, but Bush v. Kerry takes center stage. By Alexandra Twin, CNN/Money Staff Writer.	0 1
0	First Lady to Hail Bush on His Leadership (AP)  AP - Republican National Convention co-stars Laura Bush and Arnold Schwarzenegger commended President Bush to the country Tuesday for four more years in office, praising him for unflinching leadership in a time of national testing. "I am so proud of the way George has led our country with strength and conviction" in the war on terror, the first lady planned to say.	0
0	Bush, in Colombia, Promises More Aid  President Bush stopped Monday in one of the less discussed corners of the American battle with terrorists, promising President lvaro Uribe 	0
1	A heated rivalry strikes sparks on every subject  The first presidential debate was advertised as make-or-break for Sen. John Kerry, but last night it was President Bush who was on the spot.	0 1
0	Kerry seeks balance as warrior and statesman (AFP)  AFP - John Kerry heads into the final run of his drive for the White House trying to strike a balance between stout anti-terrorist warrior and prudent statesman bent on repairing US alliances ruptured by the Iraq war.	1
1	10/19/04 Poll: Bush Lead Over Kerry Widens  Two weeks before Election Day, President George W. Bush (search) leads Democratic challenger Sen. John Kerry (search) in the race for the White House, according to a FOX News poll released Tuesday.	0 1
0	Kerry Urges Bush to Admit Mistakes  The Democratic presidential candidate, seizing on criticism of the Bush administration's Iraq policy by the former U.S. governor in Baghdad, called on President Bush give Americans a full accounting of what has gone wrong in Iraq.	0 1
0	Bush outlines his vision  A triumphant George Bush has attempted to reach out to the world, insisting that  quot;every civilised country quot; has a stake in the US-led war on terror.	0
0	Al-Aqsa backs Abbas candidacy  The al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades backs Mahmoud Abbas' candidacy to replace Yasser Arafat as Palestinian leader.	2
1	P. Diddy Takes Vote Drive to Swing States (AP)  AP - Hip-hop mogul Sean "P. Diddy" Combs is following the lead of President Bush and Sen. John Kerry by taking his get-out-the-vote campaign to the swing states.	0 1
1	Sharon #39;s survival to determine Gaza withdrawal  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon who devoted so much of his life to erecting settlements in still-disputed territories has now become his country #39;s indispensable man in removing them.	4
0	New Senate Dems Leader Seeks Cooperation (AP)  AP - Newly elected Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid prodded President Bush and Republicans on Tuesday to join him in working across party lines over the next two years and said, "I would always rather dance than fight."	0
0	Pre-emption not on cards: Sharon  JERUSALEM: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Iran and its nuclear ambitions represent a very great danger to the Jewish state but played down the prospect of a pre-emptive strike on its atomic facilities.	4
0	Kerry Courts Blacks, Hispanics With Ads (AP)  AP - John Kerry and his allies are intensifying their efforts to reach out to blacks and Hispanics with waves of new advertisements meant to energize two groups that historically side with the Democratic Party.	1
1	Bush Leads Kerry in 5 Battleground States, Poll Shows (Update1)  US President George W. Bush leads Democratic challenger John Kerry in five of six battleground states -- Arizona, Missouri, Nevada, New Hampshire, and Ohio -- that he won in the last 	0 1
0	Protesters Harry Israeli Parliament Before Gaza Vote   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Thousands of rightist protesters  accused Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of treason on Tuesday as  Israel's parliament looked set to approve the first pullout of  settlers from land Palestinians seek for a state.	4
0	Bush Recalls 9/11 Leadership with Victim Relatives (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush on Friday appeared with relatives of some Americans killed on Sept. 11, 2001, and vowed the country "will not be held captive by fear" in a message intended to remind voters of his leadership in that tense period.	0
1	Kerry Predicts Clinton #39;s Return  Senator John Kerry said Tuesday that he had spoken with the convalescing Bill Clinton, and that he would soon hit the campaign trail on his behalf.	1
0	Powell Seeks Meeting with Palestinian Leaders   WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Secretary of State Colin Powell said  on Saturday he hoped to meet Palestinian leaders soon as part  of a harder U.S. push for peace in the region following the  death of President Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Bush, Kerry Trade Charges Before Debate  DENVER - In a last-minute flurry of accusations before their final debate, John Kerry tried to tie President Bush to record oil prices while the president charged that his Democratic opponent has totally misunderstood the war on terror.    On the way to the debate that will range over domestic issues from the economy to health care, Bush is reaching out to military supporters in Colorado Springs, where the war in Iraq is the chief concern...	0 1
0	US, Israel to Confer on Settlement Plans  A team of American diplomats is due in Israel early next month for talks with Israeli officials on Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plans to withdraw from the Gaza Strip and parts of the West Bank.	4
1	US deaths in Iraq hit tragic milestone #39;  WASHINGTONThe American death toll in Iraq topped 1,000 yesterday, a grim yardstick that could refocus attention on the war and puncture some of the upsurge in support for the invasion which US President George W. Bush built after last week #39;s Republican 	0
0	Abbas close shave in Gaza gunbattle  GAZA, NOVEMBER 14: Palestinian militants burst into a mourning tent set up for Yasser Arafat on Sunday and fired shots in protest at the presence of moderate successor Mahmoud Abbas, who was unhurt in a clash in which two security men were killed.	2
1	Bush names Nebraska governor as Secretary of Agriculture  (WHITE HOUSE) - President Bush said his nominee for Secretary of Agriculture is  quot;a faithful friend to America #39;s farmers. quot;.	0
0	Bush and Kerry Gear Up for First Debate (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush and Democratic rival Sen. John Kerry on Wednesday wrapped up practice sessions for their first debate with each side claiming the other faced the tougher challenge.	0 1
1	Democrats Object Airing Of Documentary Critical Of Kerry  Democrats are objecting to plans by the Sinclair Broadcast Group to show a documentary critical of John Kerry #39;s post-Vietnam actions.	1
1	Bush Says Changes Inevitable in Cabinet  President Bush said on Thursday that changes are inevitable in his Cabinet in a second term, and Republicans said there would be new faces but perhaps not right away in some of the top jobs.	0
1	Bush, Kerry Prepare for Friday Debate  The next big moment in the US presidential campaign comes Friday in St. Louis, Missouri, when President George Bush and Senator John Kerry hold their second of three debates.	1
1	Arafat #39;s death seen breaking Mideast diplomatic logjam  Foreign policy chiefs from around the globe have been lining up to visit Israeli and Palestinian officials, proclaiming a new era of opportunity has arrived.	2
0	AIDS Activists Disrupt Convention Event  NEW YORK - AIDS demonstrators disrupted a Republican youth gathering on the floor of the party convention Wednesday, shortly after President Bush's twin daughters left the stage.    The incident occurred after Jenna and Barbara Bush introduced White House chief of staff Andrew Card...	0
1	Yasser Arafat looks tired and weak, but he manages to pray  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is in a very serious condition but was able to take part in Muslim morning prayers on Thursday, officials said, as a team of foreign doctors rushed to his headquarters.	2
0	Lawmakers Getting Flu Shot Sparks Debate (AP)  AP - President Bush didn't get one. Neither did most of his Cabinet. Same for Democrat John Kerry and running mate John Edwards. The presidential candidates said they passed up a flu shot because of the vaccine shortage.	0 1
1	Oil Below  $50 as Downturn Resumes  Oil fell back below  $50 on Thursday, resuming a downturn that has cut prices 11 percent from record highs and ending a brief rally following President Bush #39;s US election victory.	0
0	Sharon Invites Labor Party Into Coalition  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon speaks to reporters after casting his ballot at the Likud party meeting in Tel Aviv, Israel, Thursday, Dec. 9, 2004.	4
0	Israel eases travel restrictions  THE Israeli army has lifted some of the travel restrictions imposed on residents of West Bank towns for the funeral of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Vietnam vet springs to Kerry's defense (AFP)  AFP - Democratic White House hopeful John Kerry's efforts to refute charges that he embellished his Vietnam War record got a boost, as a fellow veteran said some of the accusations were untrue.	1
0	Blair to return to work after successful surgery  LONDON -- Prime Minister Tony Blair arrived home yesterday after undergoing a successful operation to correct an irregular heartbeat.	3
1	I can make America safer: Kerry  WASHINGTON - John Kerry lashed out at George W. Bush in their first televised debate tonight, saying he has a better plan to fight terrorists and win peace in Iraq.	0 1
0	Sharon #39;s party rejects coalition bid  TEL AVIV (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Likud party has voted to bar him from forming a coalition with the Labour opposition, an embarrassing blow that complicates his plan to withdraw from occupied Gaza. 	4
3	Bush scales back jobs forecast  The Bush administration, after being ridiculed by Democrats for an overly optimistic jobs forecast this year, on Friday significantly reduced its forecast for new jobs that will be created in 2005.	0
0	Blair says he won't apologize for Iraq war  LONDON -- Prime Minister Tony Blair weathered yet another storm over the Iraq conflict yesterday, vigorously denying he misled Britain over Iraqi weapons and refusing to apologize for the war.	3
3	Reed calls on Bush to reject Section 8 change  US Sen. Jack Reed, DR.I., planned to join representatives from public housing authorities around Rhode Island this morning to call on President Bush to reject a proposal 	0
1	Brown bid to rein in warring factions  Gordon Brown last night led desperate cabinet calls for an end to Labour #39;s civil war, amid warnings that the bitter clash over who should succeed Tony Blair could cost the party the next election.	3
0	Bush Assures 4 States of Hurricane Aid (AP)  AP - President Bush on Wednesday assured the governors of states in the path of Hurricane Ivan of federal aid to deal with damage from the storm.	0
0	Bush Signs Bill to Revamp U.S. Intelligence Community  The bill will put into effect the major recommendations of the panel that investigated the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001.	0
1	Bush Cabinet  Kerik has been offered the job, created after the Sept. 11 attacks that hit New York and took a significant toll on the fire department and his police force, and has accepted, the associates said.	0
1	Iowa Electronic Markets Forecasted Bush Win in Presidential <b>...</b>  IOWA CITY, Iowa, Nov. 5 (AScribe Newswire) -- The IEM continued its track record of predicting election vote-share, predicting Bush #39;s victory within 1.1 percent of the actual outcome.	0
0	Bush Signs Orders for Intelligence Reform  WASHINGTON - Amid a heated election-year debate on intelligence reform, President Bush signed executive orders Friday strengthening the powers of the CIA director and establishing a new national counterterrorism center.    The moves will "improve our ability to find, track and stop terrorists," White House press secretary Scott McClellan said...	0
1	Kidnapped Aid Official Begs Blair To Save Her  Pleading for her life between terrified sobs, kidnapped aid official Margaret Hassan appeared on a videotape Friday urging British Prime Minister Tony Blair to abandon Iraq 	3
1	Clash over Iraq,Jobs,taxes  ST. LOUIS, Missouri (AFP) - US President George W. Bush accused Sen. John Kerry of being dangerously fickle on Iraq, as the Democrat countered in their second debate that Bush had become a weapon of mass deception on the war.	0 1
0	Kerry Lesbian Remark Angers Cheneys (AP)  AP - Dick Cheney and his wife say they are angry at John Kerry for invoking their lesbian daughter during the final presidential debate. Kerry says he was just trying to say something nice about how the Cheneys have dealt with the issue and meant no offense.	1
1	Controversial Overtime Rules Take Effect  he Bush administration #39;s new overtime rules go into effect today, but the Kerry campaign has already begun attacking the overhauled regulations, saying they will hurt millions of American workers.	0
1	On health, a clear choice between Bush, Kerry  Eleven years after the Clintons introduced their super-complex plan to revamp health care, the problems of rising costs and increasing numbers of uninsured have only gotten worse.	0
0	Hamas Signals Challenge to Unseat Arafat  RAMALLAH, West Bank - Palestinians marked the fourth anniversary of their uprising Tuesday amid signs that the extremist Hamas group is preparing a political challenge to Yasser Arafat despite a series of Israeli military blows at the movement's leadership.    Hamas published newspaper ads urging supporters to vote in upcoming municipal elections, saying "it's time for change." And a top Hamas leader indicated the group might try to unseat Arafat in presidential elections, which have not yet been scheduled...	2
0	UK Conservatives Turn to Iraq in Bid to Hurt Blair   BOURNEMOUTH, England (Reuters) - Britain's Conservative  leader sought to capitalize on voters' anger with Tony Blair  over the Iraq war as he started an uphill battle to push the  prime minister from office in the next election.	3
0	Moves toward moderation in Mideast  One month after Yasser Arafat #39;s death, realignments on both sides of the Palestinian-Israeli divide are raising fragile hopes for a mutual retreat from four years of fighting.	2
1	For some, Arafat #39;s death adds misery  It was a national day of grieving for Yasser Arafat, but the row of men sipping black coffee and eating dates under a mourning tent had someone else in mind.	2
1	Hamas vows to avenge leader #39;s death  GAZA CITY, Oct 22: Israel #39;s killing of a top Hamas fighter in Gaza prompted calls for vengeance by the radical Islamic group on Friday, days ahead of a critical parliament vote on Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to evacuate the territory.	4
0	John Kerry Explains War Funding Vote (AP)  AP - On the eve of a foreign policy debate with President Bush, Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry said in an interview that his explanation of why he voted in favor of additional funding for the war in Iraq before voting against it was "one of those inarticulate moments" in the campaign.	0 1
0	Security Dispute Dulls Luster of Bush's Trip to Chile  The Chilean government disinvited more than 200 guests to a dinner with President Bush rather than let them be screened for weapons.	0
0	Arafat Says Palestinians Made 'Mistakes'  RAMALLAH, West Bank - In a rare admission of wrongdoing, Yasser Arafat said Wednesday that he has made "mistakes" and promised to correct them.    The veteran Palestinian leader issued his plea for reform of the Palestinian Authority in an address to lawmakers at his battered headquarters in the West Bank town of Ramallah...	2
1	Kerry campaign in trouble  TONY EASTLEY: There are a lot of worried Democrats in the United States, concerned not so much about gains that George W Bush may have made but because of what their own candidate has failed to do.	1
3	Bush picks Hispanic executive as commerce secretary  WASHINGTON: President George W. Bush on Monday nominated the Cuban-born chief executive of the food giant Kellogg to serve as commerce secretary and to promote US business at a time  quot;of historic opportunity for our changing economy.	0
1	Joy in Italy, Caution in France on Iraq Hostages  British hostage Kenneth Bigley appeared in a video tape aired on Wednesday, pleading with Prime Minister Tony Blair to meet the demands of his captors in Iraq to release Iraqi women prisoners.	3
1	Card is still President #39;s ace  President Bush made his first move in fashioning his cabinet for a second term, asking his chief of staff, Andrew Card, to stay on, aides confirmed yesterday.	0
0	Senior Sharon aide says  #39;no Palestinian state #39;  JERUSALEM - The significance of Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip is to put the establishment of a Palestinian state on hold indefinitely, and do so with the permission of the United States, a senior Sharon aide said in a 	4
0	Kerry Promotes Expanded Stem Cell Research  HAMPTON, N.H. - Democratic Sen...	1
1	Candidates Hit Crucial Swing States of Ohio and Pennsylvania  President Bush asserted today that Senator John Kerry #39;s health care plan would amount to  quot;the largest expansion of government health care in American history, #39; #39; while the widow of Christopher 	0
0	Bush Surveys Hurricane Damage in Florida  PENSACOLA, Fla. - President Bush on Sunday got a firsthand look at Hurricane Ivan's devastation during his third trip to Florida to assess the damage from this summer's fierce storms in the South...	0
0	Sharon defeated in crunch party vote  BEIJING, Aug.19 (Xinhuanet) -- Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has failed to garner the support of the Likud Party Convention for his resolution to negotiate with the Labor Party over a coalition government, according to a CNN report. 	4
0	Arafat condition  #39;stable #39;  YASSER Arafat #39;s health  quot;has not deteriorated quot; and was considered stable, a French official outside the Paris hospital treating the 75-year-old Palestinian leader said today.	2
1	Blair to address Labour conference  The British Prime Minister, Tony Blair, will be outlining his hopes for a third term in office at the Labour Party conference in Brighton today.	3
0	Berlusconi shrugs off fears of new terror threat after Sardinia bomb scare  Silvio Berlusconi brushed off fears yesterday of a fresh terrorist threat in Italy, insisting he would finish his holiday in Sardinia despite a bomb scare in the seaside town where Tony Blair ended a flying visit yesterday. 	3
1	CBS Defends Bush Memos  (CBS/AP) CBS News is mounting a steadfast defense of the authenticity of documents that questioned President Bush #39;s service in the Air National Guard, as newspapers and the White House continued to raise doubts.	0
0	Gunmen Abduct, Then Free, Officer in Gaza  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip - Gunmen briefly abducted a senior Palestinian security officer Thursday in the latest sign of growing anarchy in the Gaza Strip, and supporters of Yasser Arafat staged a mass rally calling for action against vigilantes.	2
0	Arafat sends letter to Mubarak to condemn Taba bombings  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat condemned Friday the bombing attacks against Egypt #39;s Red Sea resorts in Sinai Peninsular on Thursday night, in which dozens were killed and more than 100 wounded.	2
0	Kerry Says He Wouldn't Have Ousted Saddam (AP)  AP - Staking out new ground on Iraq, Sen. John Kerry said Monday he would not have overthrown Saddam Hussein had he been in the White House, and he accused President Bush of "stubborn incompetence," dishonesty and colossal failures of judgment. Bush said Kerry was flip-flopping.	0 1
0	Sharon to begin lobbying for unity gov #39;t with Labor  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is to begin lobbying Sunday to win the Likud #39;s backing for a unity government with the Labor, a key step toward advancing the disengagement plan, the Ha #39;aretz newspaper reported.	4
1	Bush Surprises Departing Troops With Gift -- Himself  It had been a pretty glum day for Spec. Brian Parker, who along with the other members of his National Guard unit said goodbye to their families and departed on a charter flight for a long-term stint in Iraq.	0
1	Arafat: Speculation swirls  Paris - Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat remained in an unchanged but still critical condition on Saturday, with his closest adviser insisting that a recovery was possible.	2
0	From the Debate  The following are excerpts from the first presidential debate between President Bush and Sen. John F. Kerry:	0
0	NYC Not Likely to Be Bush's Town Nov. 2 (AP)  AP - There is no "Fiddler on the Roof" at the Republicans' Madison Square Garden convention. Those are security guys with submachine guns. And while New York may be a "Wonderful Town" for President Bush  amp; Co. this convention week, it will be anything but on Nov. 2.	0
0	PMs warn against new EU divisions  New EU member states must not be sidelined say Tony Blair and his Hungarian counterpart.	3
1	Blair to reshuffle Cabinet this week  LONDON -- Prime Minister Tony Blair said Tuesday he would reshuffle his senior ministerial team later this week and tried to play down new speculation about a power struggle at the heart of his government.	3
3	Bush and Kerry spar over Iraq, but economy looms large (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush, seeking a second term, and Democratic challenger John Kerry, have been sparring energetically over Iraq, but both men are keenly aware of the US economy looming large as a major campaign issue in the November 2 election.	0 1
0	Bush Urges Northern Ireland Peace Efforts (AP)  AP - Intervening for the second time in three days, President Bush on Sunday telephoned Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams in an effort to advance negotiations toward a power-sharing agreement between Northern Ireland's Catholics and Protestants.	0
1	John Kerry The Rolling Stone Interview By JANN S. WENNER  For two days in October, the John Kerry campaign came to a brief stop at a hotel and conference center on the high-plains sprawl of suburban Denver, where the candidate holed up with his staff and prepared for his second debate with George Bush.	1
0	Palestinians Reject Sharon's Peace 'Test'   GAZA (Reuters) - The Palestinian Authority on Friday  rejected Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's new and  seemingly softer terms for restarting peace talks, saying he  should drop all conditions for dialogue.	4
0	Palestinian Youths Fight Israeli Police (AP)  AP - Hundreds of Palestinian youths scuffled with Israeli police at a Jerusalem holy site Friday, after police barred them from prayers amid fear of riots and unrest during the funeral and burial of Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Blair Cuts Short Ethiopia Trip, Heads Home  British Prime Minister Tony Blair left Ethiopia for home late on Thursday, a day ahead of schedule, airport sources in Addis Ababa said.	3
0	Bush Lobbies Asian Allies on North Korea (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush sought help on Saturday from Chinese President Hu Jintao and other key allies at an Asia-Pacific summit on getting North Korea to return to stalled talks over its nuclear weapons program.	0
0	Meeting with Yasser Arafat  I was with a group of 30 reform rabbis who had joined to support the nascent peace process that had been chiseled out at Oslo and ratified on the White House lawn.	2
1	War Figures Honored With Medal of Freedom  President Bush on Tuesday bestowed the nation #39;s highest civilian honor, the Presidential Medal of Freedom, on three of the central architects and executors of the war 	0
0	Arafat's Health Reported to Have Turned Sharply Worse  An ambulance was called to Yasir Arafat's compound amid unconfirmed reports that he had lost consciousness at least once.	2
1	Analysis: Preparing the post-Arafat era  Medical sources in Paris have confirmed to this correspondent that Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is in a state of  quot;cerebral death.	2
1	Militant Chief Wounded in Israeli Strike in Gaza  A militant leader survived an Israeli missile strike on his car in Gaza on Thursday in Israel #39;s first apparent assassination attempt in the Palestinian territories since Yasser Arafat died in a Paris hospital.	2
0	Majority of Asians prefer Kerry than Bush: survey (AFP)  AFP - A majority of Asians want Democratic party senator John Kerry at the White House, according to a global poll in which incumbent President George W. Bush was rebuffed by traditional US allies.	0 1
0	Likud hardball Sharon plays tough to save Gaza plan  Convinced that 2005 will be a year of great peace opportunities, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is throwing his considerable political weight behind a coalition with the Labor Party.	4
0	Bush Twists Kerry's Words on Iraq  WACO, Texas - President Bush opened several new scathing lines of attack against Democrat John Kerry, charges that twisted his rival's words on Iraq and made Kerry seem supportive of deposed dictator Saddam Hussein.    It was not unlike the spin that Kerry and his forces sometimes place on Bush's words...	0 1
1	Educator sees new chapter in Israeli-Palestinian relations  Dr. Mahmoud Fahmy, a prominent local educator, believes that the death of Yasser Arafat could mark a positive new chapter in Israeli-Palestinian relations.	2
0	As rivals circle each other in Northern Ireland, pressure is on  LEEDS CASTLE, England -- Northern Ireland's rival politicians face ''a moment of decision quot; in their six-year struggle to forge a stable Catholic-Protestant government, Prime Minister Tony Blair declared yesterday as he launched a high-stakes round of talks.	3
1	Bush, Kerry Prepare for First Presidential Debate  President George Bush and his Democratic Party challenger John Kerry are taking a break from the campaign trail while they prepare for the first nationally televised Presidential debate on Thursday.	1
1	Iraq Likely to Overshadow British Labor Party Conference  Britain #39;s involvement in Iraq is likely to overshadow the annual conference of Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s Labor Party, despite the British leader #39;s efforts to shift the focus to domestic issues.	3
0	Kerry Tries to Counter Impact of Criticism  WASHINGTON - Attacks on John Kerry's war record may be beginning to have an impact, polls suggest, amid raised voices and new TV ads on a subject at least temporarily dominating debate in the close presidential race.    Democrats are laboring to deflect the questioning of Kerry's record with fresh ads touting his fitness for national command, even as the White House mocks the Massachusetts senator as "losing his cool" over claims he lied to win military medals in Vietnam...	1
0	Putin Calls a Bush Loss a Victory for Terrorists  President Vladimir Putin on Monday made his strongest endorsement yet for his friend US President George W. Bush, saying  quot;international terrorism quot; will claim victory over the international antiterrorism coalition if Bush loses.	0
1	The Arafat void: Hope in death?  The day after Yasser Arafat died, USA Today carried a big, bold headline that caught my eye. It said: Arafat dies, leaves void.	2
0	Laura Bush Says Not Bothered by Heinz Kerry Remark (Reuters)  Reuters - U.S. first lady Laura Bush on Thursday dismissed as unimportant a comment by the wife of Democratic presidential candidate Sen. John Kerry that Mrs. Bush was someone who had not held a "real job."	0 1
1	Bush Says US Safety from Terror  #39;Up in the Air #39;  President Bush said it is  quot;up in the air quot; whether the United States can ever be fully safe from terrorism, prompting an attack from Democrat John Kerry #39;s campaign that Bush was sending a mixed message.	0 1
0	Kerry Ridicules Bush on Terrorism Remark (AP)  AP - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry stayed on the offensive in swing states Sunday as the presidential race entered its final full week. In a television interview, Bush said it is "up in the air" whether the nation can ever be fully safe from another terror attack and suggested terrorists may still be contemplating ways to disrupt the election.	0 1
0	Bush, Kerry Exchange Bitter Words on Iraq  WASHINGTON - President Bush and Democratic rival John Kerry traded biting accusations over the war in Iraq on Monday as early Florida voting produced scattered complaints that stirred memories of the state's chaotic 2000 recount.    On a day of strikingly personal campaign rhetoric, Bush said his Democratic challenger stands for "protest and defeatism" in Iraq...	0 1
3	The average savings expected for each household is  $310. Source <b>...</b>  WASHINGTON - Texans will be allowed to deduct state and local sales tax payments from their federal income taxes for the next two years under legislation approved Monday and sent to President Bush.	0
0	Blair faces heart operation  Prime Minister Tony Blair says he will go into hospital today to correct recurrent heart palpitations, but he vows to serve a full third term in office if he wins an election expected next year.	3
0	Yasser Arafat  #39;very sick #39;  RAMALLAH: Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is  quot;very, very sick quot; and the ex-guerrilla who for decades symbolised a struggle for statehood is slipping in and out of consciousness, officials and medics said today.	2
1	Don #39;t mention the (Vietnam) war  Resuming combat after the Republican convention, John Kerry seemed like the Japanese warrior who emerged from the jungle decades after 1945, convinced that the war was not yet over.	1
1	Defiant Blair fights for third term  BRIGHTON (England) - Prime Minister Tony Blair on Tuesday defended the war in Iraq, insisting he could not apologise for toppling Saddam Hussein, and urged his party to unite and fight for a historic third term in power.	3
0	Kerry, Bush Start Debate Preparations  MADISON, Wis. - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry, arriving Sunday at a remote resort to practice for this week's debate, took a swing at President Bush for pronouncing the Iraqi mission accomplished while the monthly death toll mounts...	0 1
0	Arafat Forced His People's Plight Into the World Spotlight  The Palestinian leader spent his final days in a coma at a French military hospital outside Paris.	2
0	Blair accused of embracing politics of fear in reelection bid  LONDON -- Prime Minister Tony Blair's government was accused yesterday of playing politics with fear and using the threat of terrorism to boost its chances of reelection.	3
1	Bush Declares Kerry Can #39;t Keep US Safe  President Bush speaks at the Canton Palace Theatre about medical liability reform Friday, Oct. 22, 2004 in Canton, Ohio. (AP Photo/Tony Dejak).	0
1	Statehood by 2008 possible, Bush says  WASHINGTON - George W. Bush and British Prime Minister Tony Blair raised hope yesterday for Middle East peace and the creation of an independent and democratic Palestinian state, following the death this week of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat.	0 2 3
1	Moderate PLO chief Abbas emerges as probable Arafat successor  RAMALLAH, West Bank (AFP) -- PLO chief Mahmud Abbas, who has emerged as the most likely winner of January #39;s Palestinian election to succeed Yasser Arafat, is a polished and moderate politician more admired abroad than at home.	2
2	Hopefuls seek the Sox vote  STEP aside soccer mums and Nascar dads, George W. Bush and John Kerry want the Red Sox vote. Mr Bush stole a march on his rival last week by winning the backing of star pitcher Curt Schilling 	0 1
0	Israeli Cabinet Passes Gaza Bill Before Key Vote   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's cabinet  passed a bill on the nuts and bolts of pulling out of occupied  Gaza Sunday, a day before he seeks approval from Israel's  parliament for his withdrawal plan.	4
0	Pulling out - in Jerusalem, too  On the Friday when the late Palestinian Authority chairman Yasser Arafat was buried in the courtyard of the Muqata, the media reported that because of the fear of riots, the Israeli government had decided to close the Temple Mount mosques to residents of 	2
3	Tax-fight veterans see hurdles for Bush  The two primary architects of Congress's last major tax reform say President Bush has failed to lay the groundwork for his ambitious tax agenda and will have to invest a vast amount of political capital to succeed in simplifying the code.	0
0	Convention Protesters Eager to Begin (AP)  AP - Jason Flores-Williams may despise President Bush, but he can't wait for him and his party to get here.	0
2	Kerry #39;s Goose Hunt Reflects Need for Sportsmen Vote to Win Ohio  John Kerry may not win Ohio without attracting votes from sportsmen. That #39;s why he took time in the final weeks of the election campaign to hunt geese in Boardman, Ohio, yesterday.	1
0	Bush and Kerry step up credibility battle before last debate (AFP)  AFP - George W. Bush and election rival John Kerry hammered away at each other's credibility ahead of their final debate while Democrats were outraged about a new anti-Kerry documentary.	0 1
1	Middle East ; Arafat doctors mull move to hospital  Middle East News, Ramallah: A team of doctors are trying to assess whether ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat should be taken from his HQ in Ramallah to hospital.	2
0	Bush calls Philippine leader, affirming ties despite Iraq hostage <b>...</b>  MANILA (AFP) - US President George W. Bush called his Philippines counterpart Gloria Arroyo and said their countries should keep strong ties, a spokesman said after a spat over Arroyo #39;s handling of an Iraq kidnapping.	0
0	Portrait of George Bush in '72: Unanchored in Turbulent Time  An examination of President Bush's life in 1972 yields a portrait of an entitled young man safe from combat.	0
1	Bush Defends Self on Missing Explosives, Rips Kerry  President Bush said on Wednesday 380 tons of missing explosives in Iraq might have vanished prior to the arrival of US forces and he blasted Democrat John Kerry for making a campaign issue out of it.	0
1	Israel balks at Arafat burial place  Israel is determined to keep Yasser Arafat out of Jerusalem even in death, with one Cabinet minister saying Friday that the holy city is reserved for the burial of Jewish kings,  quot;not Arab terrorists.	2
1	Bush claims that Kerry  #39;misunderstands #39; terror  DENVER President George W. Bush has accused Senator John Kerry of a fundamental misunderstanding regarding what it takes to combat terrorism, holding up as evidence Kerry #39;s recent statement that the goal should be to reduce terrorism to a  quot;nuisance quot; along 	0 1
0	Kerry Says Bush Avoiding Reality on Iraq  COLUMBUS, Ohio - President Bush's statement that a "handful" of people are willing to kill to stop progress in Iraq is another blunder that shows he's avoiding reality, Democrat John Kerry told The Associated Press.   "George Bush let Osama bin Laden escape at Tora Bora," Kerry said in a brief interview Wednesday...	0 1
1	Politicians and Celebrities, Making Sweet Music Together  And Kid Rock pounding out a tribute to the  quot;Rocket Man quot; that had both President Bush and Vice President Cheney on their feet, clapping to the beat.	0
1	Arafat reportedly in a coma  ILL HEALTH -- Under a portrait of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia talks to journalists after an emergency Fatah Central Committee meeting at Arafat #39;s headquarters in the West Bank town of Ramallah, Thursday.	2
0	Bush Signs Law Expanding Rights of North Koreans to US Asylum  US President George W. Bush signed legislation expanding the rights of North Korean citizens to seek refugee status in the US and authorizing  $24 million a year in humanitarian relief through 2008.	0
1	CIA chief is ordered to hire more analysts, covert officers  President Bush has ordered CIA Director Porter Goss to increase by 50 percent the number of qualified CIA clandestine operators and intelligence analysts.	0
0	DUP to Meet Blair for Talks  The Rev Ian Paisleys Democratic Unionists will meet Tony Blair at Downing Street today as efforts continue to resolve the impasse over IRA disarmament.	3
0	Arafat #39;s death critical time for Palestinian people - Goff  The death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat was a critical time for his people who must now address the question of his successor, Foreign Affairs Minister Phil Goff said today.	2
0	Kerry Promises to Refocus U.S. on Terror War  John Kerry escalated his critique of President Bush, saying the Iraq invasion was a diversion from the war against Al Qaeda.	0 1
0	Sharon contacts Labor on govt coalition  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has approached the opposition Labor party with a tentative offer to join his coalition in hopes of avoiding early elections and saving his Gaza withdrawal plan.	4
1	Gaza pullout battle moves to Knesset  Jerusalem -- Prime Minister Ariel Sharon inaugurated a stormy parliamentary debate Monday over his plan to pull Jewish settlers and Israeli soldiers out of the Gaza Strip, telling lawmakers that relinquishing the war-seized territory would leave Israel 	4
1	Spanish apologise for soccer racism  Tony Blair and the Spanish prime minister yesterday condemned the racist abuse of black England footballers by thousands of Spanish fans as the disgraceful scenes on Wednesday night prompted outrage in Britain and threatened to escalate into a diplomatic 	3
1	Arafat in very critical condition  Palestinian representative in Paris Leila Shahid said Wednesday morning that Yasser Arafat was still alive, but in a  quot;very critical quot; condition, French TF1 television reported.	2
0	Blair pleads for greater US-EU cooperation (AFP)  AFP - Prime Minister Tony Blair argued for greater US-EU cooperation in a column published in a French newspaper and rejected criticism that he was making his country Washington's "poodle".	3
1	Sharon vows to press ahead with Gaza plan  JERUSALEM: Israeli Premier Ariel Sharon made an impassioned defense of his disengagement plan at the start of a crunch debate in Parliament Monday as 16 Palestinians were killed by troops in the Gaza Strip.	4
0	Dahlan calls for stronger Palestinian unity  Former Palestinian Minister ofSecurity Affairs Mohammad Dahlan Saturday called for a strongernational unity, saying the unity should be boosted after the deathof President Yasser Arafat.	2
1	US election campaign hits final week too close to call  ONALASKA, United States (AFP) - George W. Bush and his rival John Kerry traded blows over Iraq and taxes as they headed into the final week of their tight presidential race scrambling for late votes to swing the outcome.	0 1
1	Bush, Kerry Clash on Iraq War and Domestic Issues in 2nd Debate  President Bush and his Democratic opponent, Senator John Kerry, met in the Midwestern city of St Louis, Missouri, for their second debate of this year #39;s presidential election season Friday.	0
0	Arafat 'Very Sick,' Palestinian Leaders Summoned   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian President  Yasser Arafat's health has worsened sharply and he is slipping  in and out of consciousness at his besieged West Bank  headquarters, officials and medics said Thursday.	2
0	Arafat Prays as Israel Prepares for his Death  Ailing Yasser Arafat performed Muslim prayers before dawn today, but his condition remains serious and a team of doctors flying in from Arab countries will decide whether he needs to be transferred from his compound to a hospital.	2
1	President to Consider Changes for New Term  President Bush said yesterday that he will spend the weekend considering changes in his Cabinet for his second term, feeding speculation inside and outside the White House over shake-ups in key agencies in coming weeks.	0
1	Bush Takes Narrow Lead As Polls Close In The East, South  After 10 months of handshaking, photo taking and promise making, it #39;s all come down to this. The opening round of the 2004 presidential election is over for the first handful of states.	0
1	Spotlight falls on Bush #39;s war record again  President George W Bush #39;s record serving in the National Guard during the Vietnam War became the focus of the increasingly heated election campaign yesterday.	0
1	 #39;60 Minutes #39; Delays Report Questioning Reasons for Iraq War  BS News said yesterday that it had postponed a  quot;60 Minutes quot; segment that questioned Bush administration rationales for going to war in Iraq.	0
1	Politics: Kerry #39;s Record, GOP Convention  Description: The controversy over Sen. John Kerry #39;s Vietnam War record continues, and the Republican National Convention is set to begin next week in New York City.	1
0	Newsview: Bush Agenda Would Add Big Costs (AP)  AP - With federal deficits already running amok, it is unclear how President Bush will pay for his second-term agenda, a potentially multitrillion-dollar smorgasbord that includes overhauling Social Security and revamping the tax system.	0
0	Arafat #39;s Condition Improving, Aides Say  From his hospital bed, Yasser Arafat swiftly condemned a suicide bombing in Tel Aviv on Monday - a sign the ailing Palestinian leader wants to convey the impression he is still in charge despite deteriorating health.	2
0	Newsview: Cheney-Edwards Debate Means More (AP)  AP - Usually just a campaign sideshow, this year's vice presidential debate has taken on new life as a high-stakes showdown in a tightening presidential race. Dick Cheney's mission is to slow John Kerry's sudden momentum, while John Edwards' assignment is to feed doubts about President Bush's handling of Iraq and the economy.	0 1
0	Bush, Kerry Go on the Attack After Debate  ELYRIA, Ohio - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry, their animosity stirred by a contentious second debate, lit into each other over Iraq, jobs and debate performance in critical battleground states...	0 1
0	Powell Appeals to Arafat to Step Aside  Secretary of State Colin Powell appealed to Palestinian President Yasser Arafat on Thursday to step aside for the sake of achieving his lifetime goal of a Palestinian state.	2
0	Israel ready to ease closures after Arafat dies  Israel could ease tough closures on Palestinian areas if Yasser Arafat dies so as to encourage the emergence of a moderate successor and a ceasefire by armed groups, political sources say.	2
0	Bush, Kerry Campaign in West Before Debate  SANTA FE, N.M. - Bracing for their final debate, John Kerry accused President Bush of favoring "friends in the oil industry" over consumers strapped with rising fuel bills on Monday while Bush said his challenger so misunderstood the war on terror that he thought it could be reduced to "a nuisance" akin to prostitution or illegal gambling...	0 1
1	Alfie would put Bush to sleep  The new Alfie is a dull, shallow, and uninspired effort	0
0	Six foreigners snatched, US soldier dies as Iraqis watch US <b>...</b>  BAGHDAD (AFP) - Six more foreigners were kidnapped and a US soldier died in a roadside bomb in another day of mayhem, as Iraqis tracked the news that George W. Bush has won another term as US president.	0
0	Sharon to seek rival Labor #39;s aid on Gaza plan  Fresh from a painful parliamentary defeat, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel said yesterday he will turn to his old rivals in the Labor 	4
0	Sharon wants Gaza raid  #39;expanded #39;  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has said the ongoing military raid of northern Gaza, which has already killed 56 Palestinians, should be expanded.	4
0	Bush congratulates Yudhoyono  WASHINGTON - US President George W Bush on Monday congratulated Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono on his victory in the Indonesian presidential election, the White House said.	0
0	Bush Pushes MLB to Address Steroid Issue (AP)  AP - President Bush called on Major League Baseball on Wednesday to take "strong steps" to confront the use of steroids and other illegal performance-enhancing substances by players.	0
1	Upbeat Bush campaign rides convention bounce  President Bush tried to sustain the momentum from last week #39;s Republican National Convention with a weekend of campaigning focused on his 	0
0	Bush Signs Bill to Keep Government Going  President Bush on Sunday signed a stopgap spending bill that keeps the government running while Congress sorts out remaining issues related to a more permanent federal spending package.	0
0	Kerry and Bush in crucial debate  George W Bush and John Kerry prepare for their final TV debate, which observers say may be critical to the race.	0 1
0	Roh, Bush agree to early six-party talks  President Roh Moo-hyun and US President George W. Bush agreed to the early resumption of the six-party talks to end North Korea #39;s nuclear weapons program, Cheong Wa Dae said yesterday.	0
1	CBS Defends Its Report on Bush Military Record  The debate over President Bush #39;s National Guard service turned into a furious battle over the minutiae of Vietnam-era typewriter fonts on Friday as CBS 	0
1	Accounts may not be answer to questions about system  President Bush is selling private investment accounts, financed with a share of current payroll taxes, as a way to solve Social Security #39;s long-range financing problems and benefit younger workers.	0
1	Comedians on the political campaign   quot;President Bush spoke to members of the National Guard at a convention in Las Vegas. A lot of those guys were really excited to see him.	0
0	Arafat's wife says leaders aim to 'bury him alive'  PARIS -- Yasser Arafat's wife accused Palestinian leaders hoping to travel to France today to visit her critically ill husband of plotting to ''bury him alive. quot;	2
1	Ruling Fatah movement sets party elections for next August  RAMALLAH, West Bank The ruling party of the Palestinian Authority has set a date for its first elections in 16 years. A senior Fatah (FAH #39;-tah) official says it #39;ll be held on August fourth, Yasser Arafat #39;s birthday.	2
0	Arafat in grave condition  PARIS -- French doctors say Yasser Arafat is still alive, though his condition  quot;has become more complex. quot;. Earlier, Luxembourg #39;s prime minister told reporters as he arrived at a summit in Brussels that Arafat had died.	2
0	Barghouti to Run for Palestinian Leader (AP)  AP - Marwan Barghouti, a leader of the Palestinian uprising jailed by Israel but perhaps the strongest candidate to oust Yasser Arafat's old guard of politicians, plans to run in upcoming presidential elections, a person close to Barghouti said Saturday.	2
0	Bush's Backers Donate Heavily to Veteran Ads  Swift Boat Veterans for Truth said it had raised  $6.7 million in a windfall brought about by its high profile in recent weeks.	0
0	Bush, Lawmakers Discuss Social Security (AP)  AP - President Bush sought support from congressional leaders of both parties Monday for his proposal to overhaul Social Security, which promises to be a hotly contested political issue during his second term.	0
0	Gravely Ill Arafat Arrives in France for Treatment   CLAMART, France (Reuters) - Palestinian leader Yasser  Arafat, weakened by what doctors say may be leukemia, left the  West Bank for the first time in 2-1/2 years on Friday and flew  to France for treatment in a military hospital.	2
0	Israel Agrees to Free Jailed Palestinians   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel agreed on Sunday to free up to  200 Palestinian prisoners to show goodwill after Egypt freed a  convicted Israeli spy and ahead of elections for Yasser  Arafat's successor, officials said.	2
0	Observers speculate on Mideast peace process without Arafat  When Rabbi Jonathan Gerard traveled to Israel in 1996 his group took a bus to the border of Gaza and, led by armed Palestinian guards through throngs of Palestinians, met with Yasser Arafat.	2
1	W.House Accuses Kerry, Surrogates of Guard Attacks  The White House on Thursday accused Democrat John Kerry and his surrogates of instigating a new attack on President Bush #39;s Vietnam-era National Guard service because Kerry is dropping in opinion polls.	0 1
0	I #39;m not sorry over Iraq war, Blair declares  Prime Minister Tony Blair Wednesday denied he misled Britain over Iraq and refused to apologize for the war.  #39; #39;I take full responsibility and apologize for any information given in 	3
1	Kerry Sees  #39;Disaster #39; for Middle Class  Democratic Presidential candidate Sen. John Kerry, D-Mass., speaks at an early vote kickoff rally in Pembroke Pines, Fla. Ohio Sunday, Oct. 17, 2004.	1
1	Sound bites vs. sound answers  A cavernous, dirt-floored livestock barn in Springfield, Ohio, is worlds away from a college auditorium in Coral Gables, Fla. But as President Bush addressed a rapturous crowd in Ohio on Monday afternoon, the 	0
0	Kerry Says He's in a 'Fighting Mood' (AP)  AP - Democratic Sen. John Kerry said Saturday he's in a "fighting mood" with two months to go to the presidential election as his allies defended him from questions about his valor in Vietnam.	1
1	President Bush announces Keriks nomination  Its hard to know what was the last straw. Ever since President Bush announced on Dec. 3 that Bernard Kerik was his choice to replace Tom Ridge as Secretary of Homeland Security 	0
0	Columbian Marxist Group Planned Assassination on President Bush  ( Columbia -- November 28, 2004) -- (AP) There #39;s new information that a rebel group in Colombia had planned to assassinatePresident Bush during his visit there last week.	0
0	Bush, Kerry roll out star-studded parade of supporters (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush and Democrat challenger John Kerry parade personalities from sports and the entertainment world in their quest for voter support in what increasingly appears a photo-finish presidential election next Tuesday.	0 1
0	Pilot Held for Disrupting Bush Speech (AP)  AP - An aircraft pilot was being held by law enforcement authorities Saturday after an incident that interrupted President Bush's outdoor campaign event.	0
0	Blair Says Britain Would Respond to Hostage Takers (Reuters)  Reuters - Prime Minister Tony Blair said on Wednesday Britain would respond to the captors of hostage Kenneth Bigley in Iraq if they made contact with his government.	3
0	Sharon challenged over poverty  PRIME Minister Ariel Sharon has narrowly survived three parliamentary no-confidence votes sponsored by opposition parties over deepening poverty in Israel.	4
0	Gaza pullout a tactic  ISRAEL #39;S plan to withdraw from Gaza was designed to put the peace process on hold and block the creation of a Palestinian state, a top aide to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said in an interview yesterday.	4
1	Bush Ahead Of Kerry In Latest Surveys  Washington, Sept. 5 (NNN): The latest Time poll shows that for the first time, President George Walker Bush is clearly ahead of Democratic nominee John Kerry.	0 1
0	Sharon vow to leave Gaza at any cost  REFRESHED by a 10-day vacation, a feisty Ariel Sharon has told his cabinet he will push through his plan to evacuate Israeli settlements from the Gaza Strip despite attempts by his own Likud Party to block the move.	4
0	GOP Wants Bush to Draw Attention Off Iraq  NEW YORK - Nervous Republicans are urging President Bush to unveil a robust second-term agenda at his convention next week to shift voters' focus from the unpopular war in Iraq and other issues that are a distraction to his re-election drive. Some contend the party should ditch the GOP-fueled controversy over rival John Kerry's combat record in Vietnam...	0 1
1	Celebs Aiding Anti-Bush Web Campaign (AP)  AP - "Bourne Supremacy" star Matt Damon, "Lost in Translation" actress Scarlett Johansson and other celebrity artists are donating their talents  #151; not just their cash  #151; to an online effort to unseat President Bush.	0
1	US Changes West Bank Policy to Help Sharon: NYTimes  The Bush administration has signaled approval of growth in some Israeli settlements in the West Bank in a policy change aimed at helping Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, the New York Times said on Saturday.	4
0	Bush, Kerry Duel Over Domestic Policy  TEMPE, Ariz. - President Bush and rival John Kerry vaulted into the home stretch of the race for the White House by trading blows on taxes, gun control, abortion and jobs, striving in their final debate to cement impressions in voters' minds...	0 1
1	Talking of Cheney #39;s daughter speaks about Kerry  TEMPE, Ariz. - One of the most revealing moments in last Wednesday #39;s final presidential debate came when moderator Bob Schieffer asked President Bush and Sen. John Kerry if they thought homosexuality was a choice.	0 1
3	A Texan's Race Could Lead to the F.C.C.  A Republican running for Congress has received heavy donations from industry because of expectations over posts she may receive if she loses and President Bush wins.	0
1	Kerry: Bush hasnt protected US enough  One week before the presidential election, Democratic Sen. John Kerry waged a two-front war on his opponents security policies, arguing President George Bush has failed to adequately protect America both at home and overseas.	0 1
0	Kerry Hits Back at GOP 'Insults'  NEWARK, Ohio - In a scathing attack, Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry accused Republicans of hiding President Bush's "record of failure" behind insults and promised a new direction for the country under a Kerry-Edwards administration.    Kerry, speaking to a midnight rally as Bush closed the GOP convention in New York with his acceptance speech, said the president was "unfit to lead this nation" because of the war in Iraq and his record on jobs, health care and energy prices...	0 1
0	Officials Wary of Plan to Split Up CIA  WASHINGTON - Officials reacted warily to a proposal by key Republican senators to transfer the nation's major intelligence gathering from the CIA and the Pentagon to control by a new director.    The warmest response, in fact, came from the camp of Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry...	1
0	Blair heads to US under growing pressure to shed "poodle" image (AFP)  AFP - British Prime Minister Tony Blair was due to fly to Washington for talks with President George W. Bush under more pressure than ever to reap rewards for his support of the unpopular US-led war in Iraq.	0 3
0	Sharon to let Palestinians from East Jerusalem vote  JERUSALEM Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel has agreed that Palestinians from East Jerusalem should participate in the election next year of a Palestinian leader, his office said Monday.	4
1	Bush Mum on Pakistan #39;s Bin Laden Efforts  President Bush, right, greets Pakistani President Gen. Pervez Musharraf, left, during their meeting in the Oval Office of the White House, Saturday, Dec. 4, 2004, in Washington.	0
1	 #39;Still Committed to Road Map #39;, says Sharon  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has reaffirmed his commitment to a Middle East peace initiative, despite comments from one of his senior advisers who effectively dismissed the plan.	4
1	Electors to gather to cast votes for president  The four will cast their votes for one-time Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry at a Statehouse ceremony at noon. The Electoral College convenes in each of the 50 states today to cast their electoral votes.	1
0	Bomb found near Berlusconi villa  POLICE defused a bomb near Premier Silvio Berlusconi #39;s villa on the island of Sardinia early today following a tip-off from a radical leftist group, shortly after a visit by British Prime Minister Tony Blair. 	3
0	Leader lies in deep coma between life and death #39;  PARISPalestinian leader Yasser Arafat lies in a deep coma  quot;between life and death, quot; says the Palestinian envoy to France.	2
0	UK #39;s Blair Alters Holiday After Sardinian Bombs, Corriere Says  Aug. 19 (Bloomberg) -- UK Prime Minister Tony Blair has changed his holiday plans following Wednesday #39;s discovery of two explosive devices near Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi #39;s Sardinian villa, where he had been staying, Il Corriere della Sera ...	3
1	Bush says news Palestinian leadership improves chance for peace  A new Palestinian leadership would improve chances for the Middle East peace process, US President George W. Bush said on Wednesday after a meeting with NATO Secretary General Jaap de Hoop Scheffer.	0
0	France won #39;t release Arafat #39;s medical records  France has no intention of making Yasser Arafat #39;s medical records public and will leave the decision about what to do with them up to his family, the foreign minister said yesterday.	2
1	Bush, Kerry Tied in Zogby Poll; Bush Leads in ABC/Post Survey  President George W. Bush and Senator John Kerry remain tied in a Reuters/Zogby tracking poll as they head into tonight #39;s final debate in Arizona.	0 1
0	In Harshest Critique Yet, Kerry Attacks Bush Over War in Iraq  Senator John Kerry said he would not have invaded Iraq when President Bush did, and the president answered with a sharp rebuke.	0 1
1	Kerry facing crucial decision  Both presidential candidates said they hoped to avoid a repeat of the 2000 election, when an official winner wasn #39;t decided until more than a month after votes were cast.	1
0	After Arafat  In his press conference last Thursday, President Bush said people who don #39;t believe in the applicability of democracy to the Arab world cannot really believe in a two-state solution to the Palestinian conflict with Israel.	0 2
0	Arafat 'Very Sick,' Foreign Medics Summoned   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian leader Yasser  Arafat is "very, very sick" and the ex-guerrilla who for  decades symbolized a struggle for statehood is slipping in and  out of consciousness, officials and medics said on Thursday.	2
3	Dow, Nasdaq, S amp;P 500 Retreat on Exit Poll  US stocks changed course suddenly on Tuesday as chatter on the Internet speculated that early exit polls show Sen. John Kerry leading the presidential election in key states.	1
0	Kerry Tours Fla. Asking for Early Votes  WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. - Democrat John Kerry said today President Bush was guilty of "arrogant boasting" about Iraq amid reports that the top U.S...	0 1
1	Arafat ally Rajab seriously hurt in ambush  Palestinian intelligence chief Tareq Abu Rajab was seriously wounded in the chest in an ambush by gunmen today. Two of his bodyguards were killed in the attack on his convoy, Palestinian officials said.	2
1	Blair said to be OK  Doctors have reportedly finished a heart procedure on British Prime Minister Tony Blair. Aides haven #39;t been saying exactly when the operation was to take place, but Sky News TV says it has already been completed and that Blair is feeling OK.	3
0	Kerry Accuses Bush of Incompetence on Iraq  NEW YORK - Staking out new ground on Iraq, Sen. John Kerry said Monday he would not have overthrown Saddam Hussein had he been in the White House, and he accused President Bush of "stubborn incompetence," dishonesty and colossal failures of judgment...	0 1
1	Poll suggests Kerry has lead in swing states  COLUMBUS, OHIO - John Kerry appealed to African-American voters on Sunday, as he pushed ahead with his campaign to unseat George W. Bush.	0 1
1	Barghouti galvanises battle to win Palestinian election  A serious battle to win over the Palestinian public was finally under way yesterday as the entry of a second major candidate galvanised the contest to succeed Yasser Arafat 	2
1	Sharon invites opposition to join coalition  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has reached out to his opposition rival with an invitation to enter discussion on forming a new coalition government.	4
0	Gov't admits missing greenhouse gas target (AFP)  AFP - Britain launched a review of its climate change program, as Prime Minister Tony Blair said the country looked likely to miss its ambitious target of reducing greenhouse gas emissions by 20 percent by 2010.	3
0	Bush Defends Iraq Decisions in Canada  President Bush and Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin sought on Tuesday to mend fences after four years of strained relations between the two neighbors aggravated by the US-led war on Iraq.	0
0	Bush Surveys Hurricane Damage in Florida (AP)  AP - President Bush told shell-shocked survivors of Hurricane Ivan on Sunday that "we're praying for you" as he made his third campaign-season trip to Florida and his first to Alabama to assess storm damage.	0
1	UPDATE 1-Bush touts tax cuts, aide acknowledges  #39;soft patch #39;  US President George W. Bush said on Saturday his tax cuts were working to lift growth but a senior aide acknowledged that the economy hit a  quot;soft patch quot; over the last six or eight weeks.	0
0	Blair faces Iraq troops-out vote  Tony Blair is under pressure from his own party to name a date for pulling British troops out of Iraq. The issue is set to dominate the final day of Labour #39;s conference in Brighton, with delegates set to vote on a motion forced by party members.	3
2	Redskins lose, Kerry hopes for win  TAMPA. Fla. First it was the Boston Red Sox World Series win that had John Kerry grinning, now another sports event has him feeling good.	1
0	Questions Raised About Bush Guard Service  WASHINGTON - New documents unearthed in the midst of the presidential campaign fill in some blanks but raise other questions about the sometimes mysterious and spotty story of President Bush's military service during Vietnam when he won a coveted spot in the Texas Air National Guard and avoided the war.    Reviving issues that have shadowed his political career, the documents show Bush ignored a direct order from a superior officer and lost his status as a Texas Air National Guard pilot more than three decades ago because he failed to meet military performance standards and undergo a required physical examination...	0
0	House Defeats Gay Marriage Ban Amendment  WASHINGTON - The House emphatically rejected a constitutional amendment banning gay marriage Thursday, the latest in a string of conservative pet causes advanced by Republican leaders in the run-up to Election Day.    The vote was 227-186, 49 votes shy of the two-thirds needed for approval of an amendment that President Bush backed but the Senate had previously scuttled...	0
1	U.S. FCC's Powell Says He Will Stay at Agency (Reuters)  Reuters - U.S. Federal Communications Commission Chairman Michael Powell said on Tuesday he planned to stay at the agency, possibly through 2007 when his term expires, now that President Bush has been re-elected.	0
0	Gaza pullout OK'd, but Sharon fight seen ahead  JERUSALEM -- The Israeli Knesset last night approved Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's proposal to evacuate Jewish settlements from the Gaza Strip and northern areas of the West Bank, but only after tough political infighting that indicated Sharon's political survival is at risk if he continues his current approach to the pullback.	4
0	Powell wins Israeli pledge on Palestinian vote  Israel has pledged it would do all it can to help a smooth election to choose a successor to the late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, including allowing Arabs in occupied and annexed east Jerusalem to vote.	2
1	New poll finds Bush, Kerry in a draw  Favorable US public reaction to Senator John Kerry #39;s performance in the first presidential debate of the current campaign has boosted the Democratic nominee and narrowed his 	0 1
0	Canadian protesters topple Bush statue  Canadians protesting US President George Bush #39;s first official visit erected a paper-mache statue of the leader in Ottawa Tuesday and promptly toppled it.	0
0	U.S. Firmly Anti-Kyoto as U.N. Climate Talks Start   BUENOS AIRES, Argentina (Reuters) - The United States  showed no signs of budging in its opposition to the Kyoto  protocol Monday as U.N. climate change talks began, a month  after President Bush's reelection and Russia's ratification of  the agreement.	0
0	Bush Attacks Kerry's 'Intrusive' Health Plan (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush charged on Thursday that Democrat John Kerry's health care plan would give the government sweeping powers to decide "who gets the coverage and how much care you get," and said Kerry's hunting trip in camouflage cannot hide his liberal record.	0 1
0	Bush Adamant on Iraq Election Schedule (AP)  AP - President Bush rejected calls for a delay in next month's Iraqi elections, insisting Thursday that the vote was too important to put off even though violence and chaos still grip much of the country.	0
0	China attacks Bush foreign policy  One of the main architects of China #39;s foreign policy, Qian Qichen, has criticised US President George Bush just days before the American election.	0
0	Powell Wins Israeli Pledge to Help Palestinian Vote   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Reviving a long-dormant U.S.  peacemaking role, Secretary of State Colin Powell won an  Israeli pledge on Monday to allow Palestinians greater freedom  of movement to hold an election for Yasser Arafat's successor.	2
0	Ailing Arafat Heads to Paris for Treatment  Description: A French plane departs Amman, Jordan, carrying Palestinian President Yasser Arafat to Paris for urgent medical treatment.	2
0	CBS Names Panel to Probe Bush Guard Story  NEW YORK - CBS News appointed a former Republican Cabinet member and a retired news executive Wednesday to investigate its discredited "60 Minutes" report on President Bush's National Guard service.    Dick Thornburgh, attorney general in the Reagan and first Bush administrations and former Pennsylvania governor, will start work immediately with Louis D...	0
0	AP Poll: Kerry Holds Small Lead Over Bush  WASHINGTON - Sen. John Kerry has taken a slim lead over President Bush, according to an Associated Press poll that shows the president's support tumbling on personal qualities, the war in Iraq and the commander in chief's bedrock campaign issue - national security...	0 1
1	Palestinian Leaders Seek Unity Ahead of Presidential Elections  Palestinian leaders scrambled Friday to avoid a rift within their ranks as they prepare for January 9 general elections to choose a successor to Yasser Arafat.	2
1	Probe deeply  President Bush #39;s nomination of Alberto Gonzales for US attorney general demands the Senate meet its responsibility to put his troubling legal stands under a microscope.	0
0	Disagreement over Blair #39;s call for peace conference  There is a brewing dispute in Israel over British Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s proposal for an international peace conference on the Middle East in January or February after the Palestinian elections, to grant the new Palestinian Authority leadership 	3
0	Blair is  #39;Using Our Troops to Boost Bush #39;  Tony Blair last night stood accused of conspiring to use British troops in Iraq as a  quot;political gesture quot; to help George W Bush in the US presidential election.	0 3
1	Bush, Hu Seek Peaceful End to North Korea Nuclear Weapons Program  President Bush says he will continue to work with other nations to increase pressure on North Korea to give up its nuclear weapons.	0
1	Report: PM willing to back Blair #39;s proposed peace conference  According to the British daily The Independent, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is willing to back a Middle East peace conference planned for early next year by British Prime Minister Tony Blair.	3 4
0	Bush Aides Gave One-Sided View of Iraqi Data -- NYT (Reuters)  Reuters - Bush administration officials, in the lead-up to the invasion of Iraq, gave a one-sided view of the case for believing Saddam Hussein had a nuclear arms program that ignored the doubts of their own experts, the New York Times said on Saturday.	0
1	Hooray for VP #39;s embrace of his lesbian daughter  CLAY ROBISON believes President Bush should listen to Vice President Cheney, not to intolerant busybodies, on the gay marriage issue.	0
0	Hopes of Ulster breakthrough stall on IRA weapons decommissioning  Tony Blair and Bertie Ahern, the Irish Prime Minister, are expected to concede in Belfast today that another Northern Ireland peace process initiative has ended in frustrating failure.	3
0	Newsview: Bush Plan May Depend on Economy (AP)  AP - In early January 2001, President-elect George W. Bush got a sobering warning from a railroad executive he invited to an economic conference in Austin, Texas. "Mr. President, you're inheriting a recession," CSX Inc. chairman John Snow remembers saying. For sure, Bush is hearing much more upbeat counsel these days from Snow, whose lease as treasury secretary was just extended by the president after weeks of suspense.	0
0	Bush shuns Hollywood, opts for "wholesome" country acts at convention (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush goes into the Republican convention next week mocking Democrat John Kerry's glamorous Hollywood support base and pitching instead to America's rural heartland.	0
0	UK must build skills to avoid losing jobs to India: Blair  Brighton (England), September 29: Prime Minister Tony Blair said on Tuesday Britain must build a new skills base to avoid losing jobs to developing economies like China and India.	3
0	Intel Officials Have Bleak View for Iraq  WASHINGTON - The National Intelligence Council presented President Bush this summer with several pessimistic scenarios regarding the security situation in Iraq, including the possibility of a civil war there before the end of 2005.    In a highly classified National Intelligence Estimate, the council looked at the political, economic and security situation in the war-torn country and determined that - at best - stability in Iraq would be tenuous, a U.S...	0
0	Domestic Issues Pushed to Front of Campaigns  John Kerry's aides are moving to shift the battle with President Bush to what they said was stronger ground - domestic policy.	0
1	Sharon urges OK of Gaza pullout  JERUSALEM - Saying Israel faced a  quot;fateful hour, quot; Prime Minister Ariel Sharon urged parliament on Monday to approve his controversial plan to withdraw Jewish settlers from the Gaza Strip and a small portion of the West Bank.	4
0	Israeli PM hosts cabinet session  PRIME Minister Ariel Sharon was presiding today over the first ever cabinet meeting in Israeli history with ministers from just one party after he sacked his last remaining coalition partner.	4
1	Blair offers no apologies on Iraq war  Brighton, England - Prime Minister Tony Blair said Tuesday he would not apologize for the Iraq war, as he linked the future of Iraq to Britain #39;s national security.	3
0	Kerry, Clinton Team Up Against Bush (Reuters)  Reuters - Democratic challenger John Kerry and former President Bill Clinton stood shoulder to shoulder on Monday to call for new management in Iraq and a White House that fights for the middle class.	1
1	Blair Undergoes Heart Surgery  Doctors successfully completed a heart procedure Friday on British Prime Minister Tony Blair, who has been suffering from palpitations, Sky News reported.	3
0	Blair has surgery to fix heartbeat, resting at home  British Prime Minister Tony Blair underwent a successful operation today to correct an irregular heartbeat and was recovering at home, a hospital official said.	3
0	Bush Opens Lead Despite Unease Voiced in Survey  Senator John Kerry faces substantial obstacles in his bid to unseat President Bush, with voters saying he has not laid out a case for why he wants to be president.	0 1
0	Israel beefs up Sharon security  PRIME Minister Ariel Sharon made a dramatic entrance into Israel #39;s parliament today surrounded by a large phalanx of bodyguards.	4
0	Danforth Quit U.N. Post to Return to Mo. (AP)  AP - U.S. Ambassador John Danforth said Friday he took himself out of the running for any job in President Bush's second term because he wanted to go home to Missouri.	0
0	Bush Tours Florida; New Hurricane Heads to Sea  Description: President Bush tours devastation in Florida caused by Hurricane Ivan, which is now blamed for 49 US deaths. Tropical storm Jeanne, meanwhile, is headed out to sea after battering Haiti and the 	0
0	Don't slit your wrists over election, Michael Moore urges Democrats (AFP)  AFP - Outspoken US filmmaker Michael Moore urged despondent Democrats not to  quot;slit their wrists quot; over the outcome of the US election that gave President George W. Bush another four-year term.	0
1	Abbas faces rough road to win over Palestinians  The straw poll at Ibrahim Amin #39;s coffeehouse was nearly unanimous, and it did not bode well for the longtime deputy of Yasser Arafat who would now become his successor.	2
0	Bush says Kerry misunderstands war on terrorism (AFP)  AFP - Wielding the war on terrorism as his main reelection argument, US President George W. Bush said that Democratic rival John Kerry was blind to the  quot;true dangers quot; facing the United States.	0 1
0	Soldier, 4 Militants Die in Renewed Gaza Fighting  Four Palestinian militants and an Israeli soldier were killed Tuesday in the heaviest Gaza fighting since Yasser Arafat #39;s death, raising the prospect that renewed violence could complicate a vote for his successor.	2
0	Straw arrives in Middle East  Foreign secretary Jack Straw is today beginning two days of talks in Israel and the Palestinian territories. Mr Straw will meet Israeli prime minister Ariel Sharon before travelling on to the West Bank for 	4
1	Bush loses security nominee over nanny  Bernard Kerik, New York City #39;s former top cop, has withdrawn his name from consideration as George Bush #39;s new Homeland Security Secretary, a victim of the embarrassing 	0
0	Bush Criticizes Anti-Kerry Television Ad  WASHINGTON - President Bush on Monday criticized a commercial that accused John Kerry of inflating his own Vietnam War record, more than a week after the ad stopped running, and said broadcast attacks by outside groups have no place in the race for the White House.   "I think they're bad for the system," added Bush, who had ignored calls to condemn the ad while it was on the air...	0 1
0	Israel's Peres to Open Coalition Talks with Sharon (Reuters)  Reuters - Israeli Labour leader Shimon Peres said on Saturday coalition talks between his party and Prime Minister Ariel Sharon could be resolved in days and were vital to speed up a Gaza pullout and bring Middle East peace.	4
0	Sinclair Sued by Filmmaker Over Kerry Photos (Reuters)  Reuters - The director of a documentary about John Kerry's Vietnam service sued Sinclair Broadcast Group on Thursday, accusing it of illegally copying his photographs in a controversial anti-Kerry movie it plans to air portions of this week.	1
0	Staying or Going? Some Possibilities if Bush Wins  President Bush plans major changes in his Cabinet if he wins a second term -- perhaps nominating the first female defense secretary and first black attorney general -- but very little change among the small group of his closest advisers.	0
1	George Bush Site Rejecting Visitors  October 28, 2004 -- (WEB HOST INDUSTRY REVIEW) -- According to reports by research and analysis firm Netcraft (netcraft.com), earlier this week the official Web site for President George W. Bush began rejecting visitors from outside the United States 	0
0	Bush Signs  #36;136B Corporate Tax Cut Bill (AP)  AP - President Bush showered  #36;136 billion in new tax breaks on businesses, farmers and other groups Friday, quietly signing the most sweeping rewrite of corporate tax law in nearly two decades.	0
0	Killers #39; video shows Bigley making a final plea to Blair  Kenneth Bigley made a last, desperate appeal to Tony Blair to save his life before he was beheaded, a videotape revealed yesterday.	3
0	Settlers stage anti-pullout protest  Tens of thousands of demonstrators opposed to the evacuation of Jewish settlements in the Gaza Strip proposed by the Israeli prime minister, Ariel Sharon, turned out in a show of force across Israel last night.	4
0	Chaos as Palestinians bid farewell to Arafat  Ramallah: Yasser Arafat was laid to rest amid scenes of chaos at his West Bank headquarters as thousands of Palestinians packed into the compound to catch a last glimpse of their leader.	2
0	Israel to allow Arafat to be buried in Ramallah  Israel will allow Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat to be buried in the West Bank city of Ramallah, despite earlier opposition to the move, the Haaretz newspaper quoted Israeli political sources as saying Tuesday evening.	2
0	Bush Touts His Education Agenda on Radio  CRAWFORD, Texas - In a back-to-school message, President Bush says that while many public schools aren't making the grade, he should get high marks from voters for the No Child Left Behind Act.   "We are leaving behind the broken system that shuffled children from grade to grade, even when they were not learning the basics," Bush said Saturday in his weekly radio address...	0
1	Campaigns bring out the stars  The final week of the campaign begins with both President Bush and Sen. John Kerry trying to reach undecided voters and motivate their respective party bases.	0 1
1	Kerry Blasts Bush On New Deficit Numbers  Greensboro, NC -- John Kerry is using the latest prediction of a record election year budget deficit to attack the president #39;s economic record.	1
1	Bush pledges Social Security, tax reform at post-election <b>...</b>  Social Security reform, tax simplification and an aggressive pursuit of the war on terrorism top President George W. Bush #39;s agenda for the next four years, he told reporters Thursday.	0
1	Blair Faces Growing Revolt From Lawmakers  British Prime Minister Tony Blair, speaks at a press conference that he held with UN Secretary General Kofi Anan inside 10 Downing St.	3
0	New Poll Shows Bush and Kerry in Dead Heat (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush is now in a statistical dead heat with Democratic challenger Sen. John Kerry for the Nov. 2 election, in a tightening of the race after the first debate last week, a poll on Monday showed.	0 1
1	ANALYSIS: Prime Minister Tony Blair meets with President Bush at <b>...</b>  The Middle East after Yasser Arafat was the main topic today at the White House, where British Prime Minister Tony Blair met with President Bush.	0 2 3
3	U.S. Wants to Cancel Poorest Nations' Debt  The move by Bush administration officials could boost America's image abroad, but institutions like the World Bank fear it could leave them strapped for cash.	0
0	Israel Military, Religious Leaders at Odds over Gaza Withdrawal  Israel #39;s top military leader blasted some Jewish religious leaders for urging followers to refuse to follow military orders to evacuate settlements, as part of Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s disengagement plans.	4
0	Blair:  quot;Moment of decision quot; for Northern Ireland  The Prime Minister has arrived in Northern Ireland for crunch talks on the future of devolved government in the region. All the main political parties, along with Tony Blair and his Irish counterpart Bertie 	3
0	Israel to Permit Arafat to Go to Ramallah Hospital   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel has agreed to let Palestinian  President Yasser Arafat go to a hospital in the West Bank city  of Ramallah if necessary and allow Jordanian doctors to come  and examine him, Israel Radio reported on Wednesday.	2
1	CBS poll puts Bush ahead by razor edge  A CBS News presidential poll released Tuesday shows US President George Bush leads Democratic nominee John Kerry by just a 48 to 45 percent margin.	0 1
1	Now US can clear path  There are moments in history when the potential for seismic shifts is so great that it #39;s palpable. Yasser Arafat #39;s death has created one of them.	2
0	Friendly Fire: The Birth of an Anti-Kerry Ad  An ad questioning John Kerry's war record sprang from an alliance between Texas Republicans and veterans angry about Mr. Kerry's criticism of the Vietnam War.	1
0	Kerry, Bush powerless to cut oil prices without peace in Iraq (AFP)  AFP - There is little President George W. Bush or John Kerry can do to halt the oil price boom without achieving the so-far unachievable: peace in Iraq, analysts say.	0 1
1	Poll finds doubts on Bush, but trouble for Kerry  NEW YORK Less than seven weeks before Election Day, Senator John Kerry faces strong obstacles in his bid to unseat President George W. Bush, with many voters saying that they are troubled by attacks on Kerry #39;s Vietnam war record and that he has not laid 	0 1
0	Bush Mum on Pakistan #39;s Bin Laden Efforts  President Bush, right, greets Pakistani President Gen. Pervez Musharraf, left, during their meeting in the Oval Office of the White House, Saturday, Dec. 4, 2004, in Washington.	0
0	Bush jumped first  President Bush says John Kerry jumped to conclusions about the missing explosives in Iraq. How many American troops have died in Iraq because Bush jumped to the conclusion that there were weapons of mass destruction?	0 1
0	Peres: Extremists May Try to Kill Sharon (AP)  AP - Opposition leader Shimon Peres said he is "very fearful" Jewish extremists may try to kill Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, as verbal attacks become more vociferous over a planned withdrawal from the Gaza Strip next year.	4
0	US campaigns target swing states  US presidential rivals George W Bush and John Kerry reach out to voters in states set to be crucial in the poll.	1
0	Bush Touts His Education Agenda on Radio (AP)  AP - In a back-to-school message, President Bush says that while many public schools aren't making the grade, he should get high marks from voters for the No Child Left Behind Act.	0
0	Cheney Due to Lash Into Kerry in Speech  NEW YORK - Vice President Dick Cheney was stepping up to denounce Democrat John Kerry's "confusion of conviction" after President Bush formally won the Republican nomination for a second term in a carefully choreographed GOP convention roll call.    The second day of the convention brought out thousands of protesters who set out on a march to the convention site, getting in the way of a busload of delegates and engaging in shouting matches with officers around Manhattan...	0 1
0	Anti-Bush sentiment fuels Chile APEC protests  Thousands of anti-war and anti-globalization protesters, some bearing toilet rolls emblazoned with the face of visiting US President George W. Bush, aim 	0
0	Blair urged to launch Iraq death toll probe  A group of former British diplomats, peers, scientists and church leaders will today urge Tony Blair to launch an inquiry into the death toll of the Iraq war.	3
1	Former Cuban refugee nominated for commerce secretary  President Bush on Monday nominated as his new commerce secretary a onetime Cuban refugee who now runs a business empire that includes American kitchen cabinet staples Pop Tarts, Frosted Flakes and Cheez-Its.	0
0	Move communities, settlers ask  JERUSALEM -- Residents of some Jewish settlements in the northern Gaza Strip have proposed that their entire communities be moved to locations inside Israel under Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's plan to withdraw from Gaza next year, a lawmaker said yesterday.	4
1	Kerry Calls for Rumsfeld #39;s Resignation  PHILADELPHIA Aug. 25, 2004 - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry called Wednesday for Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld to resign and urged President Bush to appoint an independent investigation 	0 1
0	The Opportunity in Arafat #39;s Passing  Palestinians have a choice -- they can hold onto the past or look to the future. And to make progress, the US and Israel will have to help.	2
0	Straw withdraws 45 minutes claim about Iraq #39;s weapons  Tony Blair #39;s claim that Iraq was within 45 minutes of launching weapons of mass destruction - a central plank of his case for war - was torn apart as the Foreign Secretary formally withdrew the infamous claim and revealed M16, the intelligence agency, had 	3
1	Cleland #39;s letter is refused  Taking the battle over John Kerry #39;s war record to President Bush #39;s Texas ranch, former Sen. Max Cleland of Georgia tried unsuccessfully Wednesday to deliver a letter to Bush about a controversial television ad on the subject.	0 1
1	Cordial but firm  OTTAWA -- US President George W. Bush trumpeted a renewed friendship with Canada during his first visit to Ottawa yesterday but bristled at criticism of his decision to invade Iraq.	0
0	Israel Ends Deadly Gaza Offensive  JEBALIYA REFUGEE CAMP, Gaza Strip - Israel withdrew tanks and ground forces from populated areas in the northern Gaza Strip on Friday, wrapping up its bloodiest offensive in the area in more than four years of fighting.    Prime Minister Ariel Sharon ordered the pullback at the urging of Israeli military commanders, who argued the two-week offensive had played itself out, and after calls from the United States to wrap up the operation...	4
0	Security Tight for Sharon Amid Gaza Vote (AP)  AP - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon made a dramatic entrance into Israel's parliament Wednesday surrounded by a large phalanx of bodyguards, as security officials voiced concern for his safety before a parliamentary vote on his plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip.	4
0	Bush Raps Kerry on 'Global Test' Remark  COLUMBUS, Ohio - President Bush on Saturday ridiculed what he called the "Kerry doctrine" as a dangerous outsourcing of America's security, seeking to poke a hole in Sen. John Kerry's debate performance with what advisers see as his rival's biggest miscue...	0 1
0	Sharon assassination plot rumored  Security around Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon was heightened Thursday amid rumors of an assassination plot swirling around Jerusalem.	4
0	Cabinet OKs Payment to Jewish Settlers (AP)  AP - Israeli Cabinet ministers approved cash advances Tuesday of up to  #36;115,000 to Jewish settlers willing to leave their homes in the Gaza Strip and West Bank  #151; the first concrete step toward carrying out Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's contentious pullout plan.	4
1	Kerry, Bush curtail schedules as they prep for duel  President Bush and Sen. John Kerry began to narrow their focus and limit their public schedules Sunday in preparation for their much-anticipated first debate, to be held Thursday in Miami.	0 1
0	Bush, Kerry Duel Over Domestic Policy  TEMPE, Ariz. - President Bush and rival John Kerry vaulted into the home stretch of the race for the White House by trading blows on taxes, gun control, abortion and jobs, striving in their final debate to cement impressions in voters' minds...	0 1
0	Kerry to Give Dems Leftover Campaign Cash (AP)  AP - Under friendly fire, Sen. John Kerry likely will donate a substantial portion of his excess presidential campaign cash to help elect Democratic candidates in 2005 and 2006, advisers said Thursday.	1
0	Final Bush-Kerry Debate Draws 51 Million Viewers (Reuters)  Reuters - More than 51 million Americans tuned in to the third and final televised debate between President Bush and challenger John Kerry on Wednesday, which most snap opinion polls rated a victory for the Democratic senator.	0 1
1	1 Dead 5 Injured at Arafat Mourning Tent in Gaza  A shooting at a tent set up for mourners of Yasser Arafat in Gaza City has left at least one security guard dead and five others injured.	2
0	Israel's Labour Seals Deal to Join Sharon's Coalition   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's opposition Labour party is  likely to join Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's coalition next  week, a move that could promote a Gaza pullout plan and also  avoid early elections, his spokesman said on Friday.	4
0	Blair Rules Out Iraq Civilian Death Toll Probe   LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair  rejected a call Wednesday for an independent inquiry into the  civilian death toll in the U.S.-led war in Iraq.	3
0	Israeli Woman Killed in Attack on Gaza Settlement  A Palestinian mortar bomb slammed into a house in a Jewish settlement in the Gaza Strip on Friday, killing a woman and fueling settler anger over Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to pull Israelis out of the area.	4
0	Sharon Doesn't Plan to Follow 'Road Map'  JERUSALEM - Israel will not follow the U.S.-backed "road map" peace plan and could remain in much of the West Bank for an extended period after it withdraws from the Gaza Strip, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said in a newspaper interview published Wednesday.    Sharon's comments were his most detailed yet on his long-term vision for the region...	4
1	Arafat #39;s unpopular wife surfaces as a major player in the <b>...</b>  RAMALLAH, West Bank Once considered a spoiled socialite, Yasser Arafat #39;s wife, Suha, is making a play in the succession struggle.	2
1	President to grant more powers to CIA director  WASHINGTON President George W. Bush is preparing to issue an executive order that would immediately grant more power to the director of central intelligence, designating him to fill much of the role envisioned for a future national intelligence director 	0
2	Schilling Won #39;t Step Up To Plate For Bush  BOSTON -- President George W. Bush hoped Red Sox ace Curt Schilling could pitch-in during a campaign swing through New Hampshire Friday.	0
0	Bush, Kerry trade shots on Iraq as "tell-all" book alleges Bush cocaine use (AFP)  AFP - George W. Bush and his White House challenger John Kerry traded shots over Iraq as a  quot;tell-all quot; tabloid biography of the Bush family hit the bookshelves filled with gossip and an allegation Bush used cocaine.	0 1
0	Palestinian Attack Kills Woman in Gaza Settlement   GAZA (Reuters) - A Palestinian mortar bomb slammed into a  house in a Jewish settlement in the Gaza Strip Friday, killing  a woman and fueling settler anger over Prime Minister Ariel  Sharon's plan to pull Israelis out of the area.	4
0	Israel TV: Israel to Allow Arafat to Leave Ramallah   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel will permit Palestinian  President Yasser Arafat to leave the West Bank city of Ramallah  to receive medical treatment, Israel TV said, without  indicating whether he would allowed back.	2
1	Bush, Kerry Tied in Three Polls; Bush Leads in Two (Update2)  President George W. Bush opened a lead of as much as 8 percentage points over four-term Massachusetts Senator John Kerry in two national polls, and the candidates are tied in three others.	0 1
1	Sharon Expresses Optimism for Upcoming Year  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Thursday that 2005 will be  quot;a year of great opportunity quot; in which Israel will have unprecedented chances to make peace with the 	4
1	Kerry #39;s dishonorable response  With his shameful effort to exploit Friday #39;s videotape message from Osama bin Laden, John Kerry has illustrated once again that he lacks the judgement necessary to be president.	1
1	Doctors in Ramallah fighting to save Arafat #39;s life  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is in critical condition and a team of doctors in his Ramallah headquarters were fighting for his life, Palestinian sources said on Wednesday night.	2
0	Presidential campaign gathers steam in final stretch to November 2 (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush and challenger John Kerry traded blows over Iraq and taxes as they scrambled for votes in the final week of their presidential race.	0 1
1	Health care at a crossroads  President Bush and his Democratic challenger, Sen. John Kerry, both have plans to lower rising health care costs and broaden health insurance coverage for Americans, but their visions would take health care in two different directions.	0 1
0	Sharon appears to have majority for parliament vote on Gaza <b>...</b>  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon appeared to have locked up enough support Thursday to win a coming parliamentary vote on his Gaza withdrawal plan despite deepening fissures within the ruling Likud Party.	4
1	CBS falls for Kerry campaign #39;s fake memo  A few weeks ago, Thomas Oliphant of the Boston Globe was on PBS #39;  #39; #39;Newshour #39; #39; explaining why the hundreds of swift boat veterans #39; allegations against John Kerry #39;s conduct in Vietnam was unworthy of his attention.	1
0	Bush Blames Defect for Flu Shot Shortage  ST. PETERSBURG, Fla...	0
0	Arafat appeals to kidnappers  PALESTINIAN leader Yasser Arafat today issued an urgent call for the immediate release of two French journalists taken hostage in Iraq.	2
0	Top UK Minister Blunkett Quits Ahead of Election (Reuters)  Reuters - Senior British government minister David Blunkett resigned on Wednesday, ripping a hole in Prime Minister Tony Blair's team months before an expected general election.	3
0	Sharon Vows to Expand Gaza Raid, Toll Tops 50   GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli leader Ariel Sharon vowed on  Sunday to widen an offensive into Gaza which has killed over 50  Palestinians until militants stop firing rockets that have  fueled criticism of his plan to quit the occupied strip.	4
0	GOP to Bolster Bush Image As Strong Leader  NEW YORK - Republicans marshaled their forces to bolster President Bush's image as a strong leader in treacherous times as they open their national convention in the city that felt the brunt of the worst terrorist attacks in U.S. history...	0
1	Free For All  In the Sept. 9 Ad Watch feature, Howard Kurtz wrote this about a John Kerry advertisement criticizing President Bush #39;s handling of the Iraq war.	0 1
0	Blair leaves hospital after heart operation  LONDON : British Prime Minister Tony Blair left hospital for home after undergoing surgery to correct an irregular heart beat, according to live television reports from the scene.	3
1	Israeli PM Accuses Right-Wing Foes of Inciting Civil War  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has accused right-wing opponents of his plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip of trying to incite civil war.	4
0	Israel's Sharon: Arafat Will 'Get What He Deserves'   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  on Wednesday renewed his threat to remove Yasser Arafat, saying  the Palestinian president would "get what he deserves."	2 4
1	Campaign Ads Fill Airwaives During RNC  NEW YORK Aug. 28, 2004 - Viewers treated to a break from the TV ad wars during the Democratic convention last month won #39;t get the same respite when Republicans gather to re-nominate President Bush.	0
0	Between chaos and progress  The epic script of the Middle East conflict could have had Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, kaffiyeh-clad and armed, emerge from his junkyard compound as a born-again peacemaker or guns blazing in martyrdom.	2
1	POLITICAL POINTS  10.29 11:27 AM A Day With  #39;The Boss #39;  Bruce Springsteen #39;s appearances with John Kerry here and in Madison, Wis., brought out some of the biggest political crowds of the entire campaign, with at least 	1
0	Bush condemns Taba explosions  President George W. Bush on Friday condemned the attacks in Egypt that killed at least 28 people and offered help to the Egyptian government as it seeks those responsible.	0
1	Bush, Kerry begin final salvos  MANCHESTER, NH -- Entering the final weekend of their long campaign, President George W. Bush and Sen. John Kerry turned Friday to the closing arguments they hoped would seal victory -- the president asserting 	0 1
3	Sharon fights to save government  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon tries to save his government after sacking its junior coalition partner.	4
0	Bush Follows Debate With Attack on Kerry  CLEVELAND - President Bush offered a sharp if familiar critique of his rivals on Wednesday, picking up where Dick Cheney left off in the vice presidential debate while defending the war in Iraq and their economic policies. Democratic vice presidential candidate John Edwards responded by calling the president "completely out of touch with reality."   Bush assailed Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry as he usually does in campaign appearances, accusing the Massachusetts senator of wavering in his support of the war on terrorism, favoring scores of tax increases, and sending mixed signals to allies and enemies...	0 1
0	Action on Mideast should flow as quickly as the rhetoric  As if on cue, US President George W. Bush and British Prime Minister Tony Blair this week both repeated their determination to push ahead with efforts to resolve the Arab-Israeli conflict.	0 3
1	Clinton speaks from the heart for Kerry campaign  Former president Bill Clinton, in his first campaign appearance since heart surgery seven weeks ago, exhorted tens of thousands of fired-up Democrats in this critical 	1
0	Bush Hits Kerry in Debate Rebound Bid  WASHINGTON - President Bush blistered Sen. John Kerry on Wednesday as an apostle of "retreat in Iraq" and tax-and-spend liberalism at home...	0 1
3	Investors take comfort in Bush victory  Long before the concession speech and the victory address Wednesday, Wall Street celebrated President Bush #39;s re-election and the Republican Party #39;s continued control of Congress with a rally.	0
0	Palestinian Leader Yasser Arafat Dies  Yasser Arafat has died at the age of 75 after failing to be revived from the coma he slipped into on Wednesday at the French military hospital where he was being treated for an undiagnosed blood and digestive disorder.	2
0	Israel, Egypt Move Toward Warm Relations (AP)  AP - In a series of dramatic steps capped Sunday by a high-profile prisoner swap, Israel and Egypt are moving rapidly to improve relations, seizing the opportunity for a Middle East peace deal presented by Yasser Arafat's death.	2
0	Arabs must encourage Sharon #39;s metamorphosis, right now  Can a leopard change its spots? Apparently so, if Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s most recent performance regarding his country #39;s occupation of the Gaza Strip is anything to go by.	4
1	Sinclair Airs Anti-Kerry Material (AP)  AP - Sinclair Broadcast's program featuring material from a documentary critical of John Kerry aired Friday night, devoting as much coverage to the controversy as the film that sparked the uproar.	1
0	A Look at Presidential Debate Topics (AP)  AP - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry on the issues at Friday's debate:	0 1
0	Elder Bush, Clinton to lead tsunami aid effort (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush put his father, George Bush, and his predecessor, Bill Clinton, in charge of efforts to raise private US donations for countries devastated by the Indian Ocean tsunamis.	0
1	Nevada observers believe a new era at hand in Mideast  IN WEST BANK: Under a portrait of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia talks to journalists after an emergency Fatah Central Committee meeting Thursday at Arafat #39;s headquarters in the West Bank town of Ramallah.	2
1	BUSH TO PUSH A BIG AGENDA  President Bush yesterday claimed a national mandate, saying he earned  quot;political capital quot; with a re-election victory that gave him a record 59 million votes - and intends to use it to press 	0
0	Bush, Kerry Court Voters in New Mexico  HOBBS, N.M. - President Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry are both campaigning in New Mexico on Monday in tandem swings through the Southwest on their way to Wednesday night's final debate in Arizona...	0 1
1	Kerry, Bush Even in Florida, Pennsylvania and Ohio, Polls Show  US Senator John Kerry pulled even with President George W. Bush in election polls in Florida, partly helped by a surge in newly registered voters, according to a survey done for the South Florida Sun-Sentinel newspaper.	0 1
0	The Terrorist Statesman Took Peace Nowhere  Yasser Arafat #39;s last days on earth, a subject of intense interest throughout much of the world, have evoked mixed emotions in the country that was his life #39;s obsession: Israel.	2
1	Canadians Authorities Arrest US President Bush On War Charges  Canadian authorities have arrested US president George W. Bush in Ottawa. He has been charged with several offences under Canada #39;s War Crimes Act.	0
0	Documents Suggest Special Treatment for Bush in Guard  President Bush's Vietnam-era service came under renewed scrutiny as newfound documents emerged from his squadron commander's file.	0
0	Barghouti withdraws from race replace Arafat  RAMALLAH, West Bank - Marwan Barghouti, the imprisoned leader of the Palestinian uprising, is dropping out the Jan. 9 election to replace Yasser Arafat as head of the Palestinian Authority, his campaign manager said Sunday.	2
0	Arafat off to Paris, Middle East Discuss  #39;New Period #39;  Palestine #39;s legendary leader, Yasser Arafat, was taken to France for treatment yesterday. Arafat, who was reported to have leukemia, arrived yesterday at Percy Military Hospital near Paris via Jordan on a plane belonging to France.	2
1	Blair: France Also Wants Stable Iraq  Prime Minister Tony Blair today continued his efforts to draw a line under his differences with French President Jacques Chirac over the Iraq war.	3
1	After Sharing the White House, Sharing a Critique of the GOP  ormer President Bill Clinton offered a hard-hitting attack against the Republican Party yesterday, telling worshipers gathered at Riverside Church that President Bush and the Republicans 	0
1	AdWatch: Kerry Ad Slams Bush, Cheney  Announcer:  quot;You #39;ve seen a debate where John Kerry was strong and clear, and that he would find and kill terrorists to protect America.	1
0	Presidential winner faces 'twin deficits' battle (AFP)  AFP - Whoever wins the November 2 presidential election will inherit massive budget and trade deficits that pose huge economic challenges that will give little relief for President George W. Bush or rival John Kerry.	0 1
0	Presidents, Dignitaries at Arafat Funeral in Cairo   CAIRO (Reuters) - Presidents and dignitaries from more than  50 countries say a last farewell on Friday to late Palestinian  leader Yasser Arafat in Egypt, his second home and one of his  closest allies in years of struggle for a homeland.	2
0	Iraq Likely to Overshadow British Labor Party Conference  Britain #39;s involvement in Iraq is likely to overshadow the annual conference of Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s Labor Party, despite the British leader #39;s efforts to shift the focus to domestic issues.	3
0	Kerry and Bush running neck and neck in White House race: poll (AFP)  AFP - As the convention-time boost enjoyed by President George W. Bush began to wane, he and rival John Kerry were again running neck and neck less than two months ahead of the November 2 election.	0 1
3	Kellogg chooses experience for CEO  President Bush #39;s choice of Kellogg chief executive Carlos Gutierrez as commerce secretary leaves the cereal and snack giant without the dynamic leader who has guided its remarkable turnaround.	0
1	Expanding Halliburton probe confirms Bush administration is most <b>...</b>  On the eve of the 2004 presidential election, allegations about the corrupt relationship between the Bush administration and Halliburton Corp.	0
0	Tearing up the road map  In 2002, President Bush laid down a  quot;road map for peace quot; between Israel and the Palestinians. That road map, to which Israel agreed, called flatly for Israelis to immediately freeze all settlement activity on the occupied West Bank.	0
0	Bush, Kerry Clash Over Latest Jobs Report  President Bush hailed a slight decline in unemployment Friday as reason for his re-election, evidence the "economy is strong and getting stronger." Not so, said Sen. John Kerry, countering that the administration's term will end with a net loss of jobs...	0 1
0	Kerry Campaign Draws Parallel With Bush  CRAWFORD, Texas - Democratic challenger John Kerry says President Bush is standing silent just as he did four years ago when supporters waged a campaign of "lies" to destroy the White House hopes of fellow Vietnam veteran and senator John McCain.    Kerry running mate John Edwards said Sunday that Bush needs to tell a veterans group to pull its anti-Kerry ads, a step the White House and the Bush campaign refuse to take...	0 1
0	Bush Mum on Pakistan's Bin Laden Efforts (AP)  AP - President Bush offered no criticism Saturday of Pakistan's role in the still-unsuccessful hunt for al-Qaida leader Osama bin Laden, even though Pakistan's army is pulling back from the region where the terrorist mastermind is believed hiding.	0
1	Dr. Mike Rosen Explains Condoleeza Rice #39;s Uterine Fibroids  PITTSBURGH -- National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice, who was nominated by President George W. Bush Tuesday to be the next Secretary of State, underwent a minor surgical procedure Friday for a problem called uterine fibroids.	0
0	Bush Win Disappoints Arabs  CAIRO/TEHRAN, 4 November 2004 - Most people in the Middle East, with the exception of Israelis, reacted with resigned disappointment yesterday to George W. Bush winning four more years in power.	0
1	Bush Says Saudi Attack Shows Terrorists Still on Move  Today #39;s attack on the US consulate in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, must serve to remind Americans  quot;that the terrorists are still on the move, quot; President Bush said today.	0
1	Bush sketches term-two agenda: anti-terror war, tax overhaul <b>...</b>  Promising an aggressive foreign and domestic policy agenda in his second term, President Bush signaled Wednesday at his first post-election news conference that an assault by 	0
0	Bush claims UN support for ousting Saddam  St Cloud, US: Faced with UN chief Kofi Annan #39;s charge that the war in Iraq was  #39;illegal #39; under the world body #39;s charter, President George W. Bush strongly implied that the invasion enjoyed UN support.	0
0	AP Poll: Bush, Kerry in Dead Heat (AP)  AP - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry are locked in a tie for the popular vote, according to an Associated Press poll. Voters seem open to change in the White House  #151; most disapprove of the president's performance at home and in Iraq  #151; but still harbor doubts about making the switch.	0 1
0	Palestinian Authority Prevents Voter Registration  Arab  quot;Palestinians quot; launched a voter registration drive Saturday, a first step toward long-overdue elections, and Palestinian Authority/Palestine Liberation Organization  quot;Chairman of Terror quot; Yasser Arafat promised that voting for parliament and president 	2
0	Bush, Kerry Lob Post-Debate Assaults  LAS VEGAS - President Bush criticized Sen. John Kerry as a liberal trying to hide from his own record Thursday as the two men entered the last, post-debate lap of a close race for the White House...	0 1
1	Enter a Category  President George W. Bush has selected former New York Police Commissioner Bernard Kerik to head the Homeland Security Department, according to a senior 	0
0	Barney the Dog a Big Hit in GOP Video  NEW YORK - The presidential pup made his convention debut Wednesday night in a spoof on the movie "Rocky," showing the pooch hitting the campaign trail.    Delegates saw a video that opened with White House advisers Karl Rove and Andy Card in a heated debate about how to improve President Bush's poll numbers among an important bloc - dogs...	0
0	Arafat Stable, Militants Seek More Powers (Reuters)  Reuters - Yasser Arafat is in a stable condition and not in a coma, an aide said on Sunday, while militants pressed for decision-making powers in a unified Palestinian leadership if the president dies.	2
0	Bush Making Gains in Battleground States (AP)  AP - President Bush has been solidifying his gains in states that once were dead heats, forcing both parties' campaigns to alter strategies as the electoral battleground shrinks. Democrat John Kerry is struggling to stay afloat in some hotly contested states, including Missouri, Wisconsin and Ohio, where polls show Bush pulling ahead.	0 1
0	Kerry Decries Bush Plan to Recall Troops  CINCINNATI - John Kerry, telling fellow combat veterans he's their "true brother in arms," said Wednesday that President Bush's plan to withdraw U.S. troops from Europe and Asia would weaken U.S...	0 1
1	Bush: End freelance attack ads  President Bush, who has refused for weeks to condemn a veterans #39; group #39;s television commercials attacking John Kerry #39;s military service in Vietnam, yesterday said that the group and others running independent advertisements should stop them.	0 1
1	Sharon #39;s own map  ISRAEL #39;S PRIME Minister Ariel Sharon made it clear recently that his plan for a unilateral disengagement from the Gaza Strip is not intended as a prelude to a comprehensive peace agreement but is meant to serve as a replacement for the road map to Mideast 	4
0	Britain Shocked by Death of Iraq Hostage  Washington #39;s closest ally in Iraq was horrified by the beheading of a British hostage there and Prime Minister Tony Blair urged Britons not to let it undermine their support for continued involvement in the country.	3
1	Gonzales is a better choice  Some of President Bush #39;s staunchest opponents on the left are gearing up to fight his choice for attorney general, Alberto Gonzales.	0
1	Bush Picks Spellings to Lead Education Department  President Bush promoted Margaret Spellings, his domestic policy adviser, on Wednesday to serve as Education secretary. She will replace departing secretary Rod Paige if she wins Senate confirmation.	0
1	Kerry Tells Bush To  quot;Stand Up And Stop quot; Attacks  John Kerry says President George W. Bush should have the courage to  quot;stand up and stop quot; what the Democratic candidate calls personal attacks on him over his Vietnam service.	0 1
0	Poll: Kerry Lags Bush on National Security  WASHINGTON - President Bush has a slight lead over Democrat John Kerry in an Associated Press poll, but the president has a big advantage on protecting the country - the issue voters say they care about most.   "If we don't take care of the terrorists, we certainly won't have to worry about the economy," said Janet Cross, 57, of Portsmouth, Ohio, who switched from Democrat to Republican for the last election...	0 1
0	Kerry sees 'route to a nuclear 9/11' in North Korea (AFP)  AFP - US presidential hopeful John Kerry slammed President George W. Bush's North Korea policy amid reports of a mysterious blast in the isolated Asian state.	0 1
0	Cheney Blasts Kerry for Dean Comments (AP)  AP - Vice President Dick Cheney turned Sen. John Kerry's own words against him Tuesday while criticizing the Democrat for calling the war in Iraq "the wrong war in the wrong place at the wrong time."	1
3	Dow winds blow in favour of Kerry  INVESTORS and traders lean to the Republicans, but the Dow is sending a signal that George W. Bush is going to lose office. Since 1904, the incumbent has failed to win re-election if the Dow falls by 0.5 per cent or more in October.	0
0	Chained captive renews plea to Blair  BAGHDAD: A chained British hostage in Iraq begged Tony Blair for help yesterday, cranking up the emotional pressure on the prime minister as Italians celebrated the release of two women aid workers after paying a ransom.	3
1	Arafat: Hero or villain?  There will be many tributes that focus on the accomplishments of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, who died Wednesday, but he is responsible for the deaths of thousands 	2
0	Bush, Kerry Court Women and Swing Voters (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush and Democratic Sen. John Kerry courted women and undecided voters in vital swing states on Friday, with Kerry assuring working women he was on their side and Bush promising he would do the best job of protecting American families.	0 1
1	Hostage agony takes toll on family  Desperate but unanswered pleas to release a British hostage threatened with death in Iraq have taken their toll on his family and put pressure on UK Prime Minister Tony Blair.	3
0	Embattled Sharon Vows to Save Govt., Gaza Pullout   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon,  his government in ruins, vowed Thursday to rebuild it by  recruiting the Labor Party to stave off snap elections and  carry out his Gaza withdrawal plan on schedule in 2005.	4
0	Analysis: Bush Helped GOP Senate Gains (AP)  AP - President Bush's conservative coattails, geography and campaigns crafted to take advantage of both helped Republicans to a four-seat gain in Senate elections this year.	0
1	Second presidential debate proves disturbing  Wait just a minute. I didnt know Sen. Ted Kennedy was running in this election. During the second debate last Friday, President Bush wanted to send Sen. John KERRY to the ground with his slam-dunk exclamation that  quot;Sen.	0
0	Iraqi terror attacks to prevent Bush #39;s re-election: Putin:  World News: Alma Ata (Kazakhstan), Oct 18 : Russian President Vladimir Putin said Monday the terrorist attacks in Iraq were aimed at preventing the re-election of US President George W. Bush.	0
1	Evangelist #39;s claim stirs up campaign  Democrats trying to portray President Bush as too headstrong when he decided to invade Iraq got help this week from an unlikely source: evangelist and Bush supporter Pat Robertson.	0
0	Liverpool MPs call for vote on new role for UK troops  TWO Liverpool MPs last night piled pressure on Tony Blair to allow a Commons vote before British troops are sent into the so-called Triangle of Death in Iraq.	3
0	Bush mandate, Arafat demise lay  WASHINGTON, Nov. 9 (JTA) - Americans wanting a peek at President Bushs to-do list now that he has a mandate didnt get much substance at his first post-election news conference, except for this: a Palestinian state.	2
1	Campaign spotlight back to terrorism  BOCA RATON, Fla. - John Kerry wanted to highlight his personal side in a speech about values. President Bush wanted to energize supporters in New Mexico.	0 1
1	Polls: Bush momentum falters following debate  National snap polls showed Democrat presidential candidate John Kerry to be the hands-down winner in his televised debate with incumbent US President George W Bush and now a pair of post-debate polls show a shift in momentum among registered voters, as 	0 1
3	Bush Picks Kellogg CEO as Commerce Chief   WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Bush on Monday chose  Carlos Gutierrez, the Cuban-born CEO of Kellogg Co, as his  nominee to be commerce secretary, his second selection of a  Hispanic for a second-term Cabinet.	0
0	French Jewish families demand Arafat interrogation  PARIS, Oct 29 (AFP) - The relatives of six French citizens killed in Palestinian attacks in Israel several years ago have called for French authorities to question Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat while he receives treatment in Paris for a serious medical 	2
0	Palestinian candidates shaping ballot  RAMALLAH, West Bank -- Palestinians began registering candidates yesterday for a presidential election to succeed Yasser Arafat, while officials warned that the vote may be delayed if Israel does not halt military activities.	2
1	Kerry, Greenspan Diff on Social Security  SEATTLE Aug. 28, 2004 - John Kerry doesn #39;t talk much about Social Security on the campaign trail, but he laid out some thoughts for a voter in Everett, Wash.	1
1	World Leaders Seek to Adapt to Expected Bush Win  World leaders sought to adapt on Wednesday to the idea of four more years of President Bush, with friends hailing his expected re-election and critics vowing to make the best of it, especially in Iraq.	0
0	Newsview: Retooled Bush Speech Has Zingers (AP)  AP - After his lackluster debate performance and a government report undercutting his rationale for invading Iraq, Bush rolled out a revamped campaign speech Wednesday to refocus attention on his Democratic challenger. The speech bristled with new zingers that laid out in harsh and personal terms why Bush thinks Kerry is unfit to be commander in chief.	0 1
0	Arafat's Health Crisis Prompts Questions (AP)  AP - Yasser Arafat's latest health crisis  #151; a severe flu, gallstones, a battery of cancer tests  #151; has exposed how unprepared the Palestinians are for their leader's death, making a chaotic transition period all but inevitable.	2
0	Potential Arafat Successor to Remain in Israeli Prison  Israel has ruled out releasing jailed Marwan Barghouti, a leading Palestinian figure who is widely seen as the strongest candidate to succeed Yasser Arafat.	2
1	Jay Ambrose: Bush: playing within himself  Showing a side of himself not much in public view the past four years, the President Bush we saw at a press conference Thursday was supremely self-assured, perfectly 	0
0	Kerry to head West to hunt for votes as Bush stays back East (AFP)  AFP - Democrat John Kerry takes his quest for votes to the western states of Nevada and Colorado that polls show could be up for grabs in the presidential contest, as incumbent rival George W. Bush stumps in three eastern battleground states.	0 1
0	Sharon may allow east Jerusalem Palestinians to vote in elections  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon told his Cabinet Sunday that he won #39;t rule out the possibility of allowing Palestinians living in east Jerusalem to vote for the upcoming 	4
0	Hope for a Languishing Peace Process?  Description: NPR #39;s Michele Norris talks Martin Indyk, former US Ambassador to Israel. Indyk was heavily involved in negotiations with Yasser Arafat for a peace agreement between Israelis and Palestinians, and 	2
0	British Hostage Pleads to Tony Blair  BAGHDAD, Iraq - The Arab news network Al-Jazeera on Wednesday broadcast footage of British hostage Kenneth Bigley pleading to British Prime Minister Tony Blair to work for his release.    The footage showed a sobbing Bigley talking from behind bars of what appeared to be a prison cell...	3
1	Fox to push Bush on migration at APEC  Mexico President Vicente Fox said Wednesday he will meet with US President George W. Bush in Chile during the economic summit of Pacific Rim nations.	0
1	Official report confirms Arafat does not have leukaemia  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat does not have leukaemia, a Palestinian official announced in an official medical report here on Tuesday.	2
3	Kerry: Bush policies hurt average Americans  ORLANDO, Fla. -- Sen. John Kerry on Saturday looked to frame the next presidential debate by accusing President Bush of making a series of bad economic choices that are making it harder for average Americans to get by.	0 1
1	Kerry hits Bush on jobs during bus tour of Ohio  (Xenia, Ohio-AP) Oct. 16, 2004 - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry promises Ohio voters that he will work his hardest to generate new jobs to replace those that have been lost overseas.	0 1
0	Kerry Promises Protection for Consumers (AP)  AP - With promises to curb credit card fees and protect home buyers and military families from unfair lending practices, Democratic candidate John Kerry is making a pitch aimed squarely at voters' checkbooks.	1
1	Bush Says Iran Speeds Output of A-Bomb Fuel  President Bush heightened the administration #39;s pressure on Iran on Saturday by using his first summit meeting since he won re-election to accuse Iran of speeding 	0
0	Bush should have tackled reform before naming CIA boss: lawmaker (AFP)  AFP - The top Democrat on the House intelligence committee urged fellow lawmakers not to allow confirmation hearings on a new CIA director to derail efforts to overhaul US spy agencies.	0
0	Arafat hopes for US  #39;policy of peace #39;  PARIS Yasser Arafat, the Palestinian leader, who is having medical tests in a French military hospital, hopes that President George W. Bush will adopt a new  quot;policy of peace quot; in the Middle East, an aide said Wednesday.	0 2
0	Condoleezza Rice #39;s reputation precedes her  PARIS Condoleezza Rice is President Bush #39;s choice to succeed Colin Powell as Secretary of State, but key US allies find the choice a bit hard to swallow.	0
1	In  quot;year of opportunity, quot; Sharon offers state to Palestinians  HERZLIYA, Israel An adviser to Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon says a final vote on his planned pullout from Gaza and four West Bank communities could take place months sooner.	4
1	Bush: Stop the ads  President George W. Bush yesterday criticized ads like the one attacking Sen. John Kerry #39;s combat record, saying his Democratic rival  quot;served admirably quot; in Vietnam and that the ads have no place in politics.	0 1
1	Bush Fires Back at Kerry Criticism  Defending the war in Iraq as  quot;right for America, quot; President Bush (website - news - bio) on Monday blasted back at Democrat John Kerry (website - news - bio)  #39;s criticism that Iraq was the  quot;wrong war in the wrong place at the wrong time.	0 1
1	Kerry offers his plan for victory against terrorism  In a sharply worded challenge to President Bush, Democratic Sen. John Kerry said emphatically Wednesday that the war on terror is a winnable one and  quot;extremism has gained momentum quot; as a result of administration policies in Iraq.	0 1
1	Arafat calls for release of French journos  Ramallah, West Bank - Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat issued an urgent call for the immediate release of two French journalists who were taken hostage in Iraq last week, a statement released by his office said late on Sunday.	2
1	Bush Seeks to Energize Supporters, Appeals to Democrats  President Bush is campaigning almost non-stop in the days leading up to next Tuesday #39;s election, seeking to energize members of his Republican Party while appealing to Democrats who may not 	0
0	Bush Signals Softer Approach to U.N.  KENNEBUNKPORT, Maine - President Bush opens a new effort next week to focus attention on the compassionate side of his foreign policy, promising a vision for "building a better world."   In his weekly radio address Saturday, Bush previewed the speech he's to deliver to the U.N. General Assembly in New York...	0
1	Kerry Stops in Texas Without Knowing It  ANTHONY, Texas - Democrat John Kerry briefly relaxed on rival President Bush's home turf Saturday but apparently wasn't even aware of it.  Kerry stopped by the Red Rooster Cafe, just a few yards over the state line into Texas. 	0 1
1	Clark campaigns for Kerry in Mason City  MASON CITY, Iowa Wesley Clark told about 100 Democrats at the Mason City Airport this afternoon that President George W. Bush has failed the country, and he urged Democrats to woo uncommitted voters to back John Kerry in Tuesday #39;s election.	0 1
0	The conflict without Arafat  The imminent passing of Yasser Arafat will mark the beginning of a new era in the Arab-Israeli conflict. For a century, Palestinian national politics has been dominated by two men: Hajj Amin al-Husseini led 	2
0	Kerry Lesbian Remark Angers Cheneys  WASHINGTON - Dick Cheney and his wife say they are angry at John Kerry for invoking their lesbian daughter during the final presidential debate. Kerry says he was just trying to say something nice about how the Cheneys have dealt with the issue and meant no offense...	1
0	Palestinians considering creating Arafat Museum #39;  RAMALLAH (dpa) - The Palestinian Authority is considering creating a museum commemorating Yasser Arafat who died last week in a Paris hospital, the Israeli Itim news agency reported Tuesday.	2
0	Analysis: 8 States May Decide Election  WASHINGTON - Eight states worth just 99 electoral votes are up for grabs in the closely fought presidential race, with the White House going to whoever conquers this shrinking battlefield.    While another dozen states could come into play if either candidate breaks open the race, President Bush and Democratic Sen...	0
0	Kerry: Bush, Cheney in Denial About Iraq  ENGLEWOOD, Colo. - Democratic Sen...	0 1
0	Bush Asks Rumsfeld to Remain at Pentagon (AP)  AP - Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld's future has been in doubt amid spreading violence and U.S. deaths in Iraq. Whether he would remain in his job was one of the last big question marks about President Bush's second-term Cabinet.	0
0	Israeli TV Says Arafat Health Has Worsened   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli television said on Wednesday  that Palestinian President Yasser Arafat's health had  deteriorated.	2
0	Canada Likely to Face Missile Defense Issue Head On   TORONTO -- The reelection of President Bush is pushing the Canadian government toward a decision it had hoped to avoid: whether to join a new U.S. system designed to shoot down any missile headed for North America.	0
1	Kerry In Combat: Setting The Record Straight  John Kerry offers his service in Vietnam as proof that he can keep America safe. But in two TV ads and a best-selling book, an anti-Kerry group has accused the Senator of dishonesty and cowardice during the war.	1
0	Chile Police Clash With Summit Protesters  More than 25,000 protesters marched through downtown Santiago on Friday, demonstrating against an economic summit of Pacific Rim leaders, the attendance of President Bush and the U.S.-led war in Iraq. Protests elsewhere turned violent and dozens were arrested.	0
0	Likud Holds Key Vote, Sharon Warns of Elections   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  urged his Likud party on Thursday to vote for a governing  alliance with the Labor Party, warning that failure to do so  would force snap elections and derail his Gaza withdrawal plan.	4
1	Challenges await Cabinet; four members to stay  The White House yesterday signaled that the remolding of President Bush #39;s Cabinet is nearly finished, with word that four additional members will remain on a team that is critical to advancing the president #39;s agenda.	0
0	Bush Picks E.P.A. Chief to Take Over Health Cabinet Post  Michael O. Leavitt, the former governor of Utah, would fill one of the last vacancies in President Bush's second-term Cabinet.	0
1	Sharon opens a new era of peace in Middle East  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, addressing an academic conference, said that it is the horrible disaster for both people when one nation is occupied by another.	4
0	Bush Signs  #36;33 Billion Security Budget (AP)  AP - President Bush signed legislation Monday that gives the Department of Homeland Security about  #36;33 billion to shore up the nation's borders, inspect incoming cargo, protect potential terror targets and train first responders.	0
2	No. 1 Southern Cal Clocks Arizona 49-9 (AP)  AP - LenDale White is often overshadowed by electrifying teammate Reggie Bush. He wasn't Saturday night. While Bush was held in check, White ran for 118 yards on 16 carries and scored three touchdowns to lead No. 1 Southern California to a 49-9 victory over outmanned Arizona.	0
0	Kerry Says Bush Avoiding Reality on Iraq  COLUMBUS, Ohio - President Bush's statement that a "handful" of people are willing to kill to stop progress in Iraq is another blunder that shows he's avoiding reality, Democrat John Kerry told The Associated Press.   "George Bush let Osama bin Laden escape at Tora Bora," Kerry said in a brief interview Wednesday...	0 1
1	PALESTINIAN HOPEFULS JOCKEY FOR POSITION  November 21, 2004 -- Palestinians began registering candidates yesterday for a presidential election to replace Yasser Arafat, as the late leader #39;s family considers releasing his medical records and revealing his cause of death.	2
0	Castro Raises Doubts About Bin Laden Tape (AP)  AP - Fidel Castro says the emergence of an Osama bin Laden videotape just ahead of the U.S. presidential election seemed to have been "arranged" to help President Bush.	0
1	Why America is still fighting the battles of Mekong Delta  John Kerry #39;s tour of duty in Vietnam has defined his bid for the White House. He is the warrior candidate who heroically led men into battle but who came home to almost as bravely question the very war for which his comrades gave so much blood.	1
0	Sharon Vows Parliament Vote on Gaza Plan on Oct. 25   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  vowed on Monday to put his Gaza withdrawal plan to a  parliamentary vote on Oct. 25 despite far-right opposition that  threatens to bring down his government.	4
0	Foreign Policy at Forefront of Debate (AP)  AP - The first presidential debate and its focus on foreign policy and security gives both President Bush and Sen. John Kerry opportunities to dig into each other's record and patch their own weaknesses on Iraq.	0 1
0	Palestinians Say They Want Democracy (AP)  AP - Freed from Yasser Arafat's one-man rule, Palestinians say they are eager and able to build the first real democracy in the Arab world, despite the dangers lurking on the road to Jan. 9 elections.	2
0	Soldier, Militant Die in Resurgence of Gaza Fighting   GAZA (Reuters) - An Israeli soldier and a Palestinian  militant were killed in Gaza on Tuesday in a resurgence of  violence that could threaten efforts to instil calm for a  Palestinian election for a successor to Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Sharon Seeks Likud Party Support for Coalition Talks With Labor  Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon will seek support from his Likud Party today for his proposal to bring the Labor Party into the government and strengthen backing for his plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip. 	4
1	NEW SETTLER FURY AT ARIEL  Angry Jewish settlers yesterday said Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s rejection of a proposed national referendum on his plan to pull out of the Gaza Strip 	4
1	Powell arrives in Israel, expected to discuss upcoming Palestinian <b>...</b>  US Secretary of State Colin Powell arrived Sunday night in Israel to meet Monday with Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom in Jerusalem.	4
0	Sharon's Party Bars Bid for Coalition on Gaza Plan   TEL AVIV (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's  Likud party voted on Wednesday to bar him from forming a  coalition with the Labour opposition, an embarrassing blow that  complicates his plan to withdraw from occupied Gaza.	4
0	Arafat Death Certificate Has Jerusalem Birthplace  Yasser Arafat did not achieve his dream of being buried in Jerusalem but his death certificate states he was born in the holy city, fueling a long-running controversy over his birthplace.	2
0	Editorial: Exit John Danforth  One of the best appointments made by President Bush came last summer, when he selected former Missouri Sen. John Danforth to serve as this country #39;s ambassador to the United Nations.	0
0	Arafat has minor exploratory surgery  Palestinian President Yasser Arafat has undergone minor exploratory surgery in his West Bank headquarters and is in a stable condition, a senior official says.	2
0	US gives blessing #39; to road map freeze  An Israeli army tank moves into the Gaza Strip, Oct 6. Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s  quot;unilateral disengagement quot; plan means  quot;the freezing of the peace process quot; with US permission, a senior Sharon aide said Wednesday.	4
0	What do you want President Bush to do now?  President George W Bush is preparing for his second term in office following his victory against John Kerry in Tuesday #39;s election.	0 1
0	AP: Kerry Fund-Raisers Met With S. Korean (AP)  AP - A South Korean man who met with John Kerry's fund-raisers to discuss creating a new political group for Korean-Americans was an intelligence agent for his country, raising concerns among some U.S. officials that either he or his government may have tried to influence this fall's election.	1
1	Arafat #39;s succession turns into power struggle  ISN SECURITY WATCH (15/11/04) - The new head of the Palestinian Liberation Organization (PLO), Mahmoud Abbas, escaped unharmed Sunday when militants burst into a mourning tent for the late Yasser Arafat firing assault rifles, killing two security guards 	2
0	Gaza Violence Dents Hopes of Middle East Peace  Israel struck back with missiles at Gaza Strip militants Monday after five Israeli troops were killed in a resurgence of violence that has dented hopes of peace after Yasser Arafat #39;s death.	2
0	Bush and Kerry Differ on State of Economy  BROADVIEW HEIGHTS, Ohio - Good news, or bad? President Bush and Democrat John Kerry had differing takes Saturday about the vitality of the nation's job market - a question that's heating up this year's race for the White House.    Bush, campaigning in Ohio - a pivotal state that has lost tens of thousands of manufacturing jobs, says a new U.S...	0 1
0	Foreign Governments Take Sides in US Vote  Foreign governments traditionally remain neutral during US election campaigns, but this year several leaders and governments around the world are either directly or implicitly supporting George Bush or John Kerry.	1
3	Kerry attacks Bush overtime changes  The Bush administration #39;s new overtime rules went into effect on Monday, but the Kerry campaign has already begun attacking the regulations, saying they will hurt millions of American workers.	0 1
0	If Iran goes nuclear...  Bush softens his rhetoric as new intelligence indicates Iran is accelerating nuclear pursuit.	0
0	Sharon hints at Arafat assassination  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on Wednesday hinted at a possible assassination of Palestinian Authority Chairman Yasser Arafat.	2 4
0	'Daily Show' puts Kerry 'out there' (USATODAY.com)  USATODAY.com - The political strategy behind Sen. John Kerry's appearance Tuesday on Comedy Central network's The Daily Show with Jon Stewart was threefold, political and communications experts say. Kerry wanted to come off as a regular guy reaching out to young voters without having to answer tough questions, they said.	1
0	Abbas favourite to run for Fatah in post-Arafat presidential poll  RAMALLAH, West Bank - PLO leader Mahmud Abbas is the firm favourite to be chosen as the dominant Fatah factions candidate to replace Yasser Arafat as head of the Palestinian Authority, a cabinet minister said on Sunday.	2
1	Debate on Iraq intensifies in campaign  Iraq continues to take center stage this week in the campaign, with Vice President Dick Cheney charging that Democrat John Kerry would not aggressively fight the war against terror and Kerry #39;s running mate accusing President Bush of 	0 1
0	S. Korea Urges U.S. To Push for Arms Talks   SEOUL, Nov 6 -- South Korean President Roh Moo Hyun  telephoned President Bush to propose that solving the nuclear crisis involving  North Korea be a priority for Bush's second term in office.	0
0	Kerry saddened at death of 'Superman' Christopher Reeve (AFP)  AFP - Democratic presidential candidate Senator John Kerry hailed actor Christopher Reeve  quot;America's hero, quot; and vowed to keep up the campaign for stem cell research championed by the man known best as  quot;Superman. quot;	1
1	Bush deflects questions about his Guard service  LAS VEGAS - President Bush ignored a fresh round of questions about his service in the Texas Air National Guard and instead repeatedly questioned the character of Democratic challenger Sen. John F. Kerry during 	0
0	Rhode Island Senator to Stay Republican (AP)  AP - Republican Sen. Lincoln Chafee, who flirted with changing political parties in the wake of President Bush's re-election victory, says he will stay in the GOP.	0
1	Gloves Come Off As Pols Use Boxing Terms  MILWAUKEE - Gloves up, the presidential race is turning into a real slugfest, with both sides using the lingo of boxing greats.    President Bush threw the first verbal punch with his stump speech refrain, "He can run, but he can't hide." The line comes from former heavyweight champion Joe Louis, and Bush often repeats it as he criticizes Sen...	0
0	Kerry and Bush come out swinging on Iraq in second debate (AFP)  AFP - John Kerry and George W. Bush came out swinging on Iraq in their second debate with the Democrat accusing the president of turning his campaign into a  quot;weapon of mass deception quot; and the Republican blasting Kerry for alleged flip flops.	0 1
0	Syria rejects US accusations of meddling in Iraqi affairs  Syria on Thursday rejected accusations by US President George W. Bush and some Iraqi officials of meddling in Iraqi affairs as  quot;groundless, quot; the official SANA news agency reported.	0
1	Clinton: A vote for Kerry a vote for hope  Former President Clinton Monday told supporters in Philadelphia they should chose hope over fear by choosing Sen. John Kerry, D-Mass.	1
0	Bush, Kerry Seek to Claim Victory in Ohio (AP)  AP - Chatter about President Bush and Democrat John Kerry was going strong above the whir of spin cycles at the Soapbox laundry, the debate reflecting the presidential race in a must-win state for both candidates.	0 1
0	Ads Make Closing Arguments in Campaign (AP)  AP - President Bush promises to do "whatever it takes" to keep the country safe. Democrat John Kerry says Bush has failed and calls for "a fresh start."	0 1
0	Goss Quote Box (AP)  AP - Quotes from Rep. Porter Goss, R-Fla., picked by President Bush to head the CIA:	0
0	UK Opposition Attacks U.S. for Shielding Blair (Reuters)  Reuters - Britain's opposition Conservatives accused the White House on Saturday of barring their leader from meeting President Bush because he had criticized Bush's ally Tony Blair over Iraq.	0 3
1	Bill #39;s spirit willing but flesh is weak  Bill Clinton #39;s heartache may turn into John Kerry #39;s heartbreak. The former President is still recovering from quadruple-bypass surgery six weeks ago, and his doctors deem him not quite ready to campaign for Kerry, Sen.	1
1	Homeland security nominee pulls out  Former New York City police commissioner Bernard Kerik withdrew as President Bush #39;s nominee for secretary of the Department of Homeland Security last night, saying 	0
1	Bigley #39;s brother thanks Blair for apology  The brother of a British engineer held hostage in Iraq has thanked Prime Minister Tony Blair for apologising over intelligence errors in the conflict but said he should still step down.	3
0	Howard, Bush to hold talks at APEC  Prime Minister John Howard will meet with US President George W Bush this weekend at the annual Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) meeting in Chile.	0
0	Judge Questions Sweep of Bush's War on Terrorism  A federal judge on Wednesday questioned the Bush administration's broad definition of its powers to indefinitely imprison alleged Taliban and al Qaeda fighters at the military prison in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, especially those who have never taken up arms against the United States.	0
1	Media glare and melodrama mark Arafat #39;s stay  At Yasser Arafat #39;s Paris hospital, confusion reigned as his wife, aides, and others wrangled over his state of health. By Peter Ford  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.	2
1	Israel Hunts for Militants After Twin Bus Bombings  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon ordered the army to hunt down Palestinian militants after 16 people were killed in back-to-back suicide bombings by the militant Islamic Hamas group.	4
0	Kerry Campaign Head Admits Miscalculations (AP)  AP - The campaign manager for Sen. John Kerry's failed presidential bid said Wednesday she regrets underestimating the impact of an attack advertisement that questioned Kerry's Vietnam War record.	1
1	An Ex-Officer Now Believes Guard Memo Isn #39;t Genuine  A former National Guard commander who CBS News said had helped convince it of the authenticity of documents raising new questions about President Bush #39;s 	0
0	Israel Pushes Gaza Offensive, Faces Vote on Pullout   GAZA (Reuters) - An Israeli air strike killed a Palestinian  militant in Gaza on Sunday, the 11th day of an offensive Prime  Minister Ariel Sharon hopes will defuse internal resistance to  his plan for withdrawing from some occupied land.	4
1	Focus Shifts to Arafat #39;s Digestive Track  Leukemia as a cause for the deterioration in Yasser Arafat #39;s health has been ruled out based on tests performed at French military hospital, one of his aides said Tuesday.	2
0	Brokaw, Jennings Show Support for Rather  NEW YORK - While acknowledging mistakes in CBS anchor Dan Rather's "60 Minutes" report that questioned President Bush's service in the National Guard, competing news anchors Tom Brokaw and Peter Jennings offered support Saturday for the beleaguered newsman.    Brokaw blasted what he called an attempt to "demonize" CBS and Rather on the Internet, where complaints about the report first surfaced...	0
0	Specter Closer to Leading Judiciary Panel (AP)  AP - Despite protests from anti-abortion activists, Sen. Arlen Specter is moving closer to locking down the spot as next year's Judiciary Committee chairman and shepherd to President Bush's judicial nominees in the Senate.	0
1	Little room to move for Ariel Sharon  TONY EASTLEY: Israeli Prime Minister, Ariel Sharon, is no stranger to political crises and survival. His latest problem stems from his coalition partner in government voting against his budget plan to give 	4
1	Bush Would Be Perfect Kids' Villain -Author Pullman (Reuters)  Reuters - For children's fantasy writer Philip Pullman, George W. Bush would make a perfect villain in his epic sagas of good and evil.	0
1	News Analysis Bush and Kerry Still Equal in 2nd Round  While neither party dominated the other in the duel between Senator John Kerry and US President George Bush in St. Louis, Bush appeared more energetic and focused in comparison to the pervious debates.	0 1
0	Miller to Endorse Bush for 4 More Years (AP)  AP - Questioning John Kerry's leadership and his own party's judgment, Democratic Sen. Zell Miller on Wednesday planned to endorse President Bush for four more years during a prime-time speech at the Republican National Convention.	0 1
0	Blair Acknowledges Iraq War Divided UK  BRIGHTON, England Sept. 28, 2004 - Prime Minister Tony Blair acknowledged that the war in Iraq has divided Britain but said he had no apologies for helping topple Saddam Hussein in a speech Tuesday to his 	3
0	Sharon says Tel Aviv blast proves no change in Palestinian <b>...</b>  JERUSALEM, Nov 1 (AFP) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Monday #39;s suicide bombing in Tel Aviv which killed three Israelis proved there had been no change in the Palestinian leadership despite the absence of its ailing leader Yasser Arafat, army 	2 4
0	Bush Wants to Get North Korea Nuclear Talks Going  President Bush plans to urge allies at an Asia-Pacific summit in Chile this weekend to press North Korea to return to stalled talks over its nuclear weapons program, senior US officials said on Wednesday.	0
1	Pettigrew to attend Arafat funeral in Cairo  Yasser Arafat was remembered in Canada on Thursday as a Palestinian leader who made great strides for his people or as a man whose death may bring a new chance for peace in the war-torn area.	2
1	P. Diddy Unhappy With Campaign Schedules (AP)  AP - Sean "P. Diddy" Combs is ready to play travel agent for the presidential candidates. During his swing state Vote or Die! tour, the 34-year-old hip-hop mogul said he was disappointed President Bush and Democratic nominee John Kerry aren't stopping in urban areas during their campaigns.	0 1
0	Riley: Bush Re-Election Will Change Court (AP)  AP - Alabama Gov. Bob Riley told a Republican breakfast that President Bush's re-election will change the U.S. Supreme Court, described by the governor as "very liberal."	0
1	Incompetence of Bush administration knows no bounds  The sheer incompetence of the Bush administration apparently knows no bounds. This week we learn that the number of our troops on the ground in Iraq was insufficient to secure 380 tons of unusually powerful 	0
0	Swarms Of Palestinians Honor Arafat As He #39;s Buried In Ramallah  Palestinians say they #39;ll honor Arafat #39;s request by burying him in Jerusalem in the future. A checkered head scarf arranged the way Arafat wore his is planted on a stick at the grave.	2
3	Bush back in the Midwest  On Thursday, President Bush thrilled Republican delegates in New York with his acceptance speech. On Friday morning, he got a welcome jobs report.	0
1	Only Arafat Family Can Get Medical Dossier -France  French Foreign Minister Michel Barnier said on Tuesday France would release Yasser Arafat #39;s medical dossier only to his family, despite a request for details by Palestinian leaders.	2
1	John Snow staying on at Treasury  White House says Bush asked Treasury secretary to stay in the administration, and Snow agreed. WASHINGTON (CNN) - Treasury Secretary John Snow has said  quot;yes quot; to President Bush #39;s request that he remain in his 	0
0	Obama Balances Stardom, Local Interests (AP)  AP - In the days since he was elected to the U.S. Senate, Barack Obama has chatted by phone with President Bush, had his picture in People magazine and appeared several times on national television.	0
1	Intelligence Bill Clears Senate as White House Reaches Out  An overwhelming majority of the Senate voted to pass the intelligence-overhaul bill late this afternoon, and the White House said President Bush was willing to work with 	0
1	Thompson resigns as head of HHS  Health and Human Services secretary Tommy Thompson resigned Friday, broadening an exodus that has emptied more than half of President Bush #39;s cabinet before he takes the oath of office for a second term.	0
0	AP Poll: Kerry Holds Small Lead Over Bush  WASHINGTON - Sen. John Kerry has taken a slim lead over President Bush, according to an Associated Press poll that shows the president's support tumbling on personal qualities, the war in Iraq and the commander in chief's bedrock campaign issue - national security...	0 1
0	Kerry Strategy: Don't Repeat Gore Mistakes (AP)  AP - Sen. John Kerry has a simple strategy if the presidential race is in doubt on Nov. 3, the day after the election: Do not repeat Al Gore's mistakes.	1
0	US talks nukes and trade at APEC  Chile #39;s economic summit took a diplomatic turn this weekend when US President George W. Bush called on Asian nations to work together to convince North Korea to end its nuclear weapons program.	0
0	Bush Blasts Kerry, Signs Tax Bill in Iowa  CLIVE, Iowa - President Bush said Monday that rival John Kerry's foreign policy stands "are dangerous for world peace," leveling some of his harshest criticism of the campaign during a trip to an important battleground state. Bush also signed tax relief legislation for 94 million Americans and hit Kerry on that issue, too...	0 1
0	Report May Undercut Bush's Iraq Rationale  WASHINGTON - The final report of the chief U.S. arms inspector for Iraq was expected to undercut a principal Bush administration rationale for removing Saddam Hussein, that Saddam's Iraqi government had weapons of mass destruction...	0
0	UPI NewsTrack TopNews  President Bush used his weekly radio address Saturday to urge passage of recommendations by the 9/11 commission, so he can sign them into law by Election Day.	0
1	Mr. Bush #39;s Case  FOR ANYONE WHO hadn #39;t been paying attention the past 3 1/2 years, President Bush #39;s speech last night presented a robust defense of his first term and a forceful case for giving him a second.	0
1	Kerry Steps Up Criticism of Bush Handling of Iraq  John Kerry will lay out his ideas on Monday for cleaning up President Bush #39;s  quot;miscalculations quot; in Iraq, the Democratic nominee #39;s campaign said.	0 1
1	Israel turns down Syrias peace proposal  Israel has turned down Syrian President Bashar Al Assads peace proposal as Prime Minister Ariel Sharon wants to concentrate on his Gaza withdrawal plan and doesnt want to be diverted in a peace track with Damascus.	4
0	Poll: Kerry Lags Bush on National Security  WASHINGTON - President Bush has a slight lead over Democrat John Kerry in an Associated Press poll, but the president has a big advantage on protecting the country - the issue voters say they care about most.   "If we don't take care of the terrorists, we certainly won't have to worry about the economy," said Janet Cross, 57, of Portsmouth, Ohio, who switched from Democrat to Republican for the last election...	0 1
0	Arafat's Condition Critical, Militants Seek Powers   PARIS (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat lay in critical condition  in a French hospital on Saturday and militants pressed  Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qurie to give them decision-  making powers in a temporary unified leadership if he dies.	2
1	Bush Asks Democrats for Their Vote  President Bush took the last bus tour of his campaign on Tuesday through rural stretches of Wisconsin, urging Democrats to split with their party and rely on him to save their farms and keep the country secure.	0
0	Iraq War Foes Focus on Alternative Agenda to Bush   UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - On the eve of President Bush's  address to the United Nations, domestic and foreign critics of  his Iraq war policy focused on a radically different  international agenda on Monday.	0
1	Teary Blunkett quits  He left to spare Prime Minister Tony Blair any further embarrassment after three weeks of headlines about his affair with a married woman.	3
0	House GOP to Reject 9/11 Recommendation (AP)  AP - House Republicans plan to follow President Bush's lead and reject the Sept. 11 commission's recommendation to strip the Pentagon of control over its spy shops in favor of a new national intelligence director with hiring, firing and spending control.	0
1	King of late-night TV decides to quit ... in 2009  The most important succession in American public life has been decided. So now we can get back to worrying about the comparatively trivial matter of Bush versus Kerry.	1
1	Fix the safety net  PRESIDENT Bush may very well be planning to make Social Security reform the centerpiece of his second-term domestic program. If so, he will set off a policy debate rivaling the magnitude of President Bill Clinton #39;s failed effort to reform health care.	0
1	Kerry says president botched country #39;s war on terrorism  Sen. John Kerry ratcheted up his attack on President Bush Tuesday, saying he had botched the war on terrorism both at home and abroad.	0 1
1	Skipping Texas for Alabama  Growing evidence suggests that George W. Bush abruptly left his Texas Air National Guard unit in 1972 for substantive reasons pertaining to his inability to continue piloting a fighter jet.	0
0	Blair undergoes successful heart operation  British Prime Minister Tony Blair underwent a successful heart operation on Friday and is expected to stay in hospital overnight after treatment, Sky News reported.	3
1	Gambling reforms survive MPs #39; rebellion  Las Vegas-style super-casinos are a step closer after Prime Minister Tony Blair saw off a Commons rebellion over gambling reforms.	3
0	Bomb Found in Town After Blair Visit (AP)  AP - Police defused a time-bomb in a town near Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi's villa on the island of Sardinia on Wednesday shortly after British Prime Minister Tony Blair finished a visit there with the Italian leader.	3
0	Israeli Cabinet Passes Gaza Bill Before Key Vote   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's cabinet  passed a bill on the nuts and bolts of pulling out of occupied  Gaza Sunday, a day before he seeks approval from Israel's  parliament for his withdrawal plan.	4
0	Cheney: New Jersey 'Moving Toward' GOP (AP)  AP - Vice President Dick Cheney hammered away at familiar themes in a visit to New Jersey Monday, portraying Democrat Sen. John Kerry as indecisive in a speech to a couple of thousand Republican faithful.	1
0	Palestinians request French medical report on Arafat #39;s death  Palestinian leaders said Monday they had asked for a full report on Yasser Arafat #39;s death in a Paris hospital last week, challenging French laws under which his widow has maintained a veil of secrecy.	2
0	Arafat #39;s diagnosis not expected soon  A diagnosis of the illness of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, who was flown to France for treatment yesterday will not be available for several days.	2
0	Cheney: Kerry Weak on Keeping U.S. Safe (AP)  AP - Vice President Dick Cheney stuck to national security while promoting the re-election of President Bush on Friday, calling Sen. John Kerry weak on keeping America safe and intent on pursuing a strategy of retreat.	0 1
1	Daniels rolls in Indiana governor #39;s race  Mitch Daniels, the former White House budget director whom President Bush proclaimed  quot;My Man Mitch, quot; was elected governor Tuesday by soundly beating incumbent Joe Kernan.	0
1	Bush Recasts Rationale For War After Report  In announcing that the United States was poised to invade Iraq 19 months ago, President Bush told the nation:  quot;Intelligence gathered by this and other governments leaves no doubt that the 	0
0	Arafat #39;s condition improves  An aide to Yasser Arafat said yesterday that the Palestinian leader #39;s condition was improving after treatment by doctors in Paris.	2
1	Israeli Spy Working in Pentagon: Report  The FBI reportedly has evidence that a person who has been working at high levels in the Pentagon may be a spy for Israel. Senior Officials say the suspect could have been in a position to influence Bush administration policy toward Iran and Iraq.	0
0	Blair home after successful heart surgery; expects to return to <b>...</b>  Prime Minister Tony Blair arrived home Friday after undergoing a successful operation to correct an irregular heartbeat. Hammersmith Hospital in west London said the risk of recurrence was very 	3
1	Kerry Misleads Voters On Stem Cell Research  Christopher Reeve was much more than  quot;Superman quot; on the silver screen. In real life, he set a wonderful example for those battling against spinal cord injuries and similar afflictions.	1
3	Bush Nominates Kellogg Executive for Commerce Secretary  President Bush on Monday nominated Carlos M. Gutierrez, among the most prominent Hispanic business executives in the United States, to be his commerce secretary 	0
0	Cabinet OKs Payment to Jewish Settlers  Senior Israeli Cabinet ministers Tuesday approved the payment of cash advances to Jewish settlers who will be removed from their homes under Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's plan to leave the Gaza Strip - the government's first concrete step toward withdrawal.	4
0	Bush's lead gets smaller in poll (USATODAY.com)  USATODAY.com - President Bush leads Sen. John Kerry by 8 percentage points among likely voters, the latest USA TODAY/CNN/Gallup Poll shows. That is a smaller advantage than the president held in mid-September but shows him maintaining a durable edge in a race that was essentially tied for months.	0 1
0	Arafat may be dead, but the same dumb ideas are rising from the <b>...</b>  In much of what we laughingly call the  quot;civilized world, quot; the death of arch-terrorist and murderer Yasser Arafat was mourned with the usual solemnity given to a distinguished head of state.	2
1	Cubans Push for Kerry Win in Florida  A multitude of unlikely volunteers is working the phones for Sen. John Kerry in the swing state of Florida. His campaign is unaware of the support, as the volunteers 	1
0	New Ad Says Kerry Met Secretly With Enemy in Vietnam War  The veterans organization that sparked controversy last month when it questioned  John F. Kerry's military service in Vietnam plans to launch a new commercial that equates Kerry with Vietnam War protester Jane Fonda and accuses the Democratic presidential nominee of secretly meeting with "enemy leaders" during the conflict.	1
1	Visitors headed for showdown with Arafat #39;s wife  Amidst the ongoing confusion over Yasser Arafat #39;s health, there is an unlikely showdown brewing in Paris -- between top members of the caretaker Palestinian administration and their ailing leader #39;s wife.	2
1	Poll: Close Race Nudges Closer  The close presidential race nudged even closer in the latest ABC News tracking poll, with 49 percent of likely voters favoring George W. Bush and 48 percent for John Kerry - a 	0 1
1	Bush to Work for Formation of Palestinian State  US President George W. Bush hosted British Prime Minister Tony Blair at the White House yesterday, the day Palestinian Leader Yasser Arafat was buried in Ramallah.	0 2 3
0	Suspicions about Arafat #39;s death: nephew  Yasser Arafat #39;s nephew says his uncle #39;s medical records raise suspicions the Palestinian leader died of  quot;unnatural quot; causes such as poisoning.	2
0	Sharon presses on with Gaza plan  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has vowed to press ahead with his Gaza pullout plan despite a humiliating rebuff from his own party of his bid to forge a coalition with the pro-withdrawal Labour Party. 	4
0	Unions Protest New Overtime Regulations  WASHINGTON - Several hundred union members marched outside the Labor Department to protest new overtime pay regulations taking effect Monday, with two senators pledging to try to roll them back when Congress returns from recess.    Protesters, many wearing union T-shirts, carried signs such as "President Bush: Hands off my overtime pay," and chanted, "Come on all you billionaires, give us wages that are fair."  "The fight is not over yet," said Republican Sen...	0
1	Bush not to address faithful today  Here #39;s why President George W Bush waited an inordinate amount of time, before finally deciding not to make a victory speech on Wednesday night: the outcome of Ohio hangs in the air.	0
3	Bush nominates Kellogg #39;s CEO for commerce  WASHINGTON - President Bush on Monday nominated Carlos Gutierrez, a native of Cuba and now the chief executive officer of Kellogg Co.	0
1	Bush: Damaging blow as poll battle intensifies   quot;Wait until Charlie gets back with the final report, quot; Mr Bush said in June, fending off reporters trying to get him to admit that Iraq had no weapons of mass destruction.	0
0	Ohio Focuses on Job Growth for Elections (AP)  AP - Sen. John Kerry has 237,400 reasons for hope in Ohio. That's the number of jobs Ohio has lost since President Bush won the state by 3.6 percentage points four years ago. Ohioans consider jobs and the economy their top concern, with terrorism and homeland security close behind.	0 1
1	Clinton drafted in to help Kerry  Former US president Bill Clinton was expected to make his first election campaign appearance today since undergoing heart surgery, urging Americans to vote for Senator John Kerry.	1
0	Defiant Sharon vows Gaza pullout  Israeli PM Ariel Sharon says he will achieve his plans to disengage from Gaza, despite losing key support.	4
1	Treasury Deputy to Lead Energy  President Bush nominated Deputy Treasury Secretary Samuel W. Bodman yesterday as his second secretary of energy, tapping an administration veteran to lead the Energy Department at a time 	0
1	Bush names new cabinet member  BEIJING, Dec. 14 -- US President George W. Bush has named EPA chief, Michael Leavitt, as secretary of health and human services. US President George W. Bush has named Environmental Protection Agency chief, Michael 	0
0	Kerry's Attacks on Bush Ripped From Paper (AP)  AP - When John Kerry wants to make a point, he rips the headlines from the day's newspapers and works them into his stump speeches, highlighting bad news about the economy, gas prices, health care costs and military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan.	1
0	Vandals Hit GOP Headquarters in N.Carolina (AP)  AP - Vandals spray painted vulgar messages on the walls of the North Carolina Republican Party headquarters and left a burned effigy depicting President Bush and Sen. John Kerry, police said.	0 1
0	Ex-BBC Journalist Blasts Government Over Hutton (Reuters)  Reuters - Former BBC journalist Andrew Gilligan had harsh words for Tony Blair's government and the BBC's board of governors Saturday in his first public appearance since resigning in the wake of the Hutton report.	3
1	BUSH CALLS FOR INTEL BILL TO PASS BY  #39;NEXT WEEK #39;  WASHINGTON - President Bush yesterday called on Congress to hammer out a bill to overhaul US intelligence agencies when lawmakers return to work next week.	0
0	Convention Timing Gives Bush Money Edge (AP)  AP - John Kerry cut his campaign spending sharply last month in an effort to stretch  #36;75 million in government funding, but he still started September with several million less than President Bush.	0 1
0	Bush intervention raises Northern Ireland hopes  Hopes of a breakthrough in the Northern Ireland peace process rose on Friday as George W. Bush personally intervened to try to persuade the warring factions to strike a historic power-sharing deal.	0
0	Sudan accepts Blair #39;s five-point peace plan  Sudan bowed to a five-point plan tabled by Tony Blair during talks in Khartoum yesterday, which included accepting the free movement of 3,500 African Union troops as ceasefire monitors in Darfur province.	3
1	Kerry #39;s Poll Position The campaign argues that he #39;s not really <b>...</b>  PALM BEACH, Fla.John Kerry #39;s campaign professes to be unconcerned about the multiple national polls that have shown a small but discernible downward movement for the Democratic nominee since the third presidential debate.	1
0	Bush Talks About Troop Presence in Iraq  ABOARD AIR FORCE ONE - President Bush says he doesn't envision a longtime presence of U.S. troops in Iraq similar to post-World War II deployments in Europe and South Korea that continue today...	0
0	Kerry Urges Voters to Look Past Bush's 'Last-Minute Promises'  John Kerry opened the final 60 days of the campaign with an indictment of President Bush's record on jobs and health care.	0 1
0	Gonzales nomination may signal shift in style (USATODAY.com)  USATODAY.com - In picking White House counsel Alberto Gonzales to succeed John Ashcroft as attorney general, President Bush set the stage for political history: If confirmed by the Senate, Gonzales, 49, would be the first Hispanic to be the nation's chief law enforcement officer.	0
0	Upper Midwest Crucial to Kerry's Hopes  LA CROSSE, Wis. - In 2000, political pundits summed up the race in three words: Florida, Florida, Florida...	1
0	Bad News Dogs Bush As Election Nears (AP)  AP - The presidency comes with powerful tools that can help incumbents keep their jobs: a mighty public-relations machine, a bully pulpit, a famous airplane. Yet President Bush has been powerless to halt a recent tide of bad news, from surging violence and missing weapons in Iraq, to missteps by his own campaign, to a potentially damaging new probe by his own FBI.	0
1	Views clash: hero, rogue  Yasser Arafat, fighting for his life in a French hospital Thursday, triggered a war of words about his legacy: Palestinians hailed a freedom fighter who saved them from national extinction; Jewish leaders welcomed the imminent death of a terrorist.	2
1	Blair op sparks row in his party  British Prime Minister Tony Blair was recovering Saturday after successfully undergoing treatment to correct an irregular heartbeat -- but speculation about who will succeed him raged in his party.	3
1	Nebraska governor picked for agriculture secretary  President Bush nominated Nebraska Gov. Mike Johanns on Thursday to be Secretary of Agriculture, choosing a conservative Republican from far beyond Washington to fill a post presiding over key heartland concerns.	0
0	Wavering Voters Anti-Iraq, Wary of Kerry  WASHINGTON - In an election where most voters have already chosen sides, the presidency could be decided by a small slice of America in the mushy middle - wavering voters who are more likely than others to question President Bush's honesty and think the war in Iraq was a mistake.    An Associated Press study of 1,329 "persuadable" voters, conducted by Knowledge Networks in advance of the presidential debates, suggests these people are deeply conflicted about change in the White House...	0
0	Clinton Says Arafat Missed the Chance for Peace  Former US President Bill Clinton on Thursday offered condolences to Palestinians after the death of Yasser Arafat but said their leader had missed the opportunity to create lasting Middle East peace in 2000.	2
1	Embarrassing Nomination  The White House can argue all it wants that it properly scrutinized Bernard Kerik before President Bush nominated him for homeland-security secretary, but the facts demonstrate that those arguments are hollow.	0
1	The price for backing Arafat; guards stripped off arms  Jerusalem, Nov 14.(PTI): Israel today denied it has permitted Palestinian security forces to carry weapons in public and said the arrangement was made to bear arms only in the West Bank city of Ramallah, site of the burial of PLA leader Yasser Arafat on 	2
3	Rubin criticizes Bush #39;s fiscal policy  BOSTON (CBS.MW) - Former Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin took aim at the Bush Administration over the weekend, calling the fiscal policy of the past three-and-half years  quot;horrendous.	0
1	Intelligence reform bill heads to Senate  Senate passage of an intelligence reform bill is expected Wednesday, with the measure then heading to President Bush for his signature.	0
0	Cheney: Kerry Sends Message of Confusion (AP)  AP - Vice President Dick Cheney on Tuesday called Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry an indecisive opportunist who is "not prepared to lead America in the war on terror."	1
1	Enormous  But Peaceful  Crowd Rallies Against President Bush <b>...</b>  NEW YORK - On the eve of the Republican National Convention in New York, thousands turned out on a scorching day to protest the policies of President George W. Bush and his administration.	0
0	Bush Taunts Kerry, Tests Debate Lines  COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. - President Bush taunted Democratic rival John Kerry and tested debate lines before friendly audiences in Colorado and Arizona on Tuesday while Kerry crammed in private for Wednesday night's final faceoff of the campaign...	0 1
0	Ohio Certifies Bush Win by 119,000 Votes (AP)  AP - This battleground state on Monday certified President Bush's 119,000-vote victory over John Kerry, even as the Kerry campaign and third-party candidates prepared to demand a statewide recount.	0 1
1	Bush Claims 179 Electoral Votes as Kerry Gains 112 (Update3)  President George W. Bush captured 179 of the 270 Electoral College votes needed to win the US presidential election, and Senator John Kerry claimed 112 as voting ended in most states, television networks projected.	0 1
0	Bush, Kerry launch punishing campaign trail (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush and Democrat John Kerry hit a punishing campaign trail a week ahead of the ultra-tight presidential election, as former president Bill Clinton joined Kerry's bandwagon and missing tons of explosives in Iraq put the White House on the defensive.	0 1
0	New Cabinet meets after reshuffle  The Cabinet meets on Thursday after a reshuffle of Tony Blair's top team which sees Alan Milburn returning.	3
0	Bush and Kerry clash on flu jabs  George W Bush and John Kerry launch new attacks on each other about flu vaccine shortages.	0 1
0	Bush outlines plans for new term  President Bush outlines his priorities, vowing to continue his war on terror and promising domestic reforms.	0
0	Edwards Reaches Out to Black Ohio Voters (AP)  AP - Vice presidential candidate John Edwards on Wednesday sought to assure black supporters that he and John Kerry have "fought for this community our entire lives"  #151; and would continue doing so  #151; on a day devoted to reaching out to the base in the Democratic stronghold of northeast Ohio.	1
0	Bush Says Kerry Exploits Uncertainty on Lost Explosives  The president addressed the issue for the first time today, signaling that he saw its potential to hurt him on Nov. 2.	0
0	Israel's Sharon Raises Prospect of Early Elections   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  may call early elections if an ultra-Orthodox Jewish party  fails to join a coalition for his Gaza pullout plan this week,  he said in an interview published on Monday.	4
0	Arafat undergoes tests for leukaemia after flight to military <b>...</b>  Yasser Arafat was undergoing tests for possible leukaemia at a military hospital outside Paris last night after being airlifted from his Ramallah headquarters to an anxious farewell from Palestinian well-wishers.	2
1	Bush, Kerry continue war, economy debate  The presidential candidates are hitting big battleground states again today. President Bush will be on his second bus trip in Florida in four days.	0 1
1	Bush taps longtime Boston executive  President Bush yesterday nominated Samuel W. Bodman, the deputy secretary of the Treasury Department, to be the new energy secretary, turning to 	0
1	Arafat in Coma, Critical State -Palestinian Envoy  Palestinian President Yasser Arafat is not brain dead but is critically ill in a coma, between life and death, Palestinian envoy to Paris Leila Shahid said on Friday.	2
1	WRAPUP 1-Bush, Kerry attack over security, taxes  President George W. Bush and Democratic Sen. John Kerry traded sharp accusations on national security, taxes and jobs on Tuesday, with 	0 1
0	Bush's Withdrawal Plan Could Draw Votes  WASHINGTON - President Bush's plan to call tens of thousands of U.S. troops home from Europe and Asia could gain him election-year applause from military families, but won't ease the strain on soldiers still battling violent factions in Iraq and Afghanistan...	0
1	Blair backs Turkey #39;s EU entry  Tony Blair has vowed to usher Turkey into the European Union as soon as possible following a recommendation that negotiations should get under way.	3
1	A call for civilian action  Standing before thousands of Marines, President Bush asked other Americans on Tuesday to make the war their own by helping battle-weary troops and their families.	0
0	Bush Names Ex-Police Chief to Top Security Post  President Bush today nominated Bernard B. Kerik, the street-savvy former New York City police commissioner, to replace Tom Ridge as secretary of homeland security.	0
0	Swift Boat Writer Lied on Cambodia Claim (AP)  AP - The chief critic of John Kerry's military record told President Nixon in 1971 that he had been in Cambodia in a swift boat during the Vietnam War  #151; a claim at odds with his recent statements that he was not.	1
0	Our Opinion: Peace prospects  This moment, rather, is one in which all should embrace new prospects for peace in the Middle East. Ariel Sharon, who once behaved as a fierce hawk, has shown his ability to make concessions in recent months 	4
1	Bush Meets With His Cabinet  WASHINGTON -- A day after claiming a second term, President George W. Bush is meeting with his Cabinet to discuss efforts to implement his most important domestic objectives.	0
1	Labour, Likud agree on unity gov #39;t  JERUSALEM - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Likud party and the opposition Labor agreed Friday to form a national unity government, while at least eight Palestinians were killed during an Israeli army incursion in southern Gaza.	4
0	Bush Finished Campaign With Millions (AP)  AP - President Bush's record campaign fund raising left him with millions of dollars to spare, allowing him to donate  #36;11 million to the Republican Party and even send a few checks to the White House Historical Association.	0
0	Kerry Warns of Social Security Changes (washingtonpost.com)  washingtonpost.com - COLUMBUS, Ohio, Oct, 17 -- John F. Kerry accused President Bush of having a secret, second-term plan to privatize Social Security starting in  January, telling a church audience Sunday that the idea is "a disaster for America's middle class."	0 1
0	Where Bush and Kerry Stand on the Issues (AP)  AP - A look at some of the positions of Republican President Bush and Democratic candidate John Kerry:	0 1
1	Polls show Kerry victory in debate  TEMPE, Arizona Instant polls gave Senator John Kerry a victory in his third debate with President George W. Bush. Fifty-two percent of those surveyed by CNN said Kerry came out ahead in Tempe on Wednesday 	0 1
0	Kerry urged to fight 'Bush bounce'  Senior Democrats call on John Kerry to reinvigorate his campaign, or risk losing the US election.	1
0	Nice guy vs. The Ice Guy, Tuesday night in Cleveland (USATODAY.com)  USATODAY.com - Democrats were giddy with anticipation thinking about this year's vice presidential debate when John Kerry selected John Edwards as his running mate back in July. Their man is 51, dashing and camera-ready; Dick Cheney is 63, phlegmatic, balding and hardly a matinee idol. This was to be a fight Democrats would love.	1
1	Gonzales and civil liberties  This country remains divided on many issues - how the war on terror is conducted contributing much to this divide. Its not at all certain that Alberto Gonzales, the White House counsel whom President Bush 	0
0	Israel Winds Down Gaza Military Operation  Several thousand Israeli settlers and supporters demonstrate, during a rally against Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s planned pullout and evacuation of Gaza Strip Jewish settlements, near Sharon #39;s residence, in Jerusalem, Thursday, Oct. 14, 2004.	4
0	Palestinians hold security meet  Palestinians held an emergency security meeting in Gaza on Sunday night after the shooting incident in a mourning tent for Yasser Arafat in Gaza.	2
0	14-YEAR-OLD KILLED IN WEST BANK  Senior Palestinian figures gathered at Yasser Arafat #39;s battered West Bank compound yesterday to show that the Palestinian leadership was still functioning.	2
0	Israel offers burial place for Arafat  RAMALLAH, West Bank Yasser Arafat can be buried at his battered headquarters here as the Palestinians requested, the Israeli government decided Wednesday in a gesture to his likely successor, Mahmoud Abbas.	2
3	Stocks surge on Bush win  Stocks surged Wednesday, with the Dow Jones industrials posting triple-digit gains as investors expressed relief following Sen. John Kerry #39;s concession to President Bush.	0 1
1	They (love) George W  Opening their first-ever convention in New York City, Republicans yesterday invoked the traumatic memory of the Sept. 11 terror attacks to highlight President George W. Bush #39;s leadership and frame the case for his re-election.	0
0	Blogs Abuzz with Gossip in Caustic U.S. Campaign (Reuters)  Reuters - The U.S. presidential campaign between George W. Bush and John Kerry has prompted a frenzy of gossip and conspiracy theories among Internet bloggers, hybrid online sites that blend news, gossip and opinion.	0 1
1	Filmmaker Moore Sees Oscar Gold in His Future  Moore may want a best picture Oscar, but the real Oscar would be beating Bush on Nov. 2nd. He may have already won an Oscar for  quot;best documentary quot; with his film Bowling for Columbine, but Michael Moore said 	0
1	Bush signs bill overhauling intelligence system; aims to prevent <b>...</b>  President George W. Bush on Friday signed into law the largest overhaul of US intelligence gathering in 50 years, hoping to improve the spy network that failed to prevent the Sept.	0
0	Soros Steps Up Efforts to Oust Bush (AP)  AP - He's donated some  #36;18 million to organizations working to defeat President Bush. Now, billionaire George Soros is taking his campaign  #151; and money  #151; on the road.	0
0	Arafat steps in to help hostage as Brown calls Blair to order  LONDON - Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat has pledged to help efforts for the release of Kenneth Bigley, the British hostage held captive in Iraq, the civil engineer #39;s brother says.	2
0	Hurricanes May Affect Florida Politics  TALLAHASSEE, Fla. - Two devastating hurricanes have given President Bush something his political advisers couldn't dream up: the chance to play comforter in chief in a battleground state he is determined to win again...	0
0	Israelis OK new homes in West Bank  A leaked Israeli plan to build 1,000 new Jewish settler homes in the West Bank yesterday sent Bush administration officials scrambling for a response in the sensitive period before November #39;s presidential election. 	0
0	Britain  #39;working to free hostage #39;  Britain and Iraq are working closely on efforts to free a British hostage threatened with death within 24 hours if his kidnappers #39; demands are not met, Tony Blair has said.	3
0	Keeping Tony Blair #39;s secret all in the family  For some sections of the British press, nothing succeeds like excess - but London #39;s editors are steering well clear of one story, writes Peter Fray in London.	3
0	Kerry Does 'Top Ten' on Letterman Show  NEW YORK - Democrat John Kerry joked Monday on "The Late Show with David Letterman" about changes under President Bush's tax plan, including that Vice President Dick Cheney can claim the president as a dependent.    Besides reading his "Top 10" list, Kerry also poked fun at the tedious debate negotiations between the rival campaigns that ended in agreement Monday...	0 1
0	Israeli High Court upholds decision over Sharon graft case  JERUSALEM, Aug. 19 (Xinhuanet) -- Israeli High Court of Justice upheld Thursday Attorney General Menachem Mazuz #39;s decision not to indict Prime Minister Ariel Sharon in the Greek island corruption case, Haaretz website reported. 	4
0	Palestinians kill Israeli-American in Gaza  Palestinian militants fired two mortars at a Jewish settlement in the Gaza Strip today, killing a 24-year-old Israeli-American woman and enflaming settlers anger at Prime Minister Ariel Sharon.	4
3	Medication, like politics, is debatable  So I was slowly putting on my game face while waiting for the fully negotiated, somewhat-debatable debate between President Bush and Sen. John Kerry when the news came that Vioxx is being taken off the market.	0 1
0	Whispers of regime change  As a number of public opinion polls show a sustained, if not growing, lead that President George W Bush enjoys over his Democratic Party opponent John Kerry, the neo-conservatives have started 	1
1	Bush, Kerry Clash on Iraq in Debate  CORAL GABLES, Fla. Oct. 1, 2004 - Arguing over who can best lead the nation in war, Sen. John Kerry charges that Americans have been left with  quot;this incredible mess in Iraq quot; while President Bush says US 	0 1
1	Bush, APEC leaders kicking off weekend summit in Chile  SANTIAGO, Chile President Bush is starting a weekend of summitry with Pacific Rim leaders in Chile. After arriving late last night from Texas, the president begins this morning with a round of individual meetings in the Chilean capital of Santiago.	0
0	Bomb Found in Italy After Blair #39;s Berlusconi Visit  ROME (Reuters) - Italian police said on Wednesday they had defused a bomb near the Sardinian holiday villa of Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, hours after a visit by British Premier Tony Blair. 	3
0	Saying  #39;terror is everywhere, #39; Madonna urges US to quit Iraq  Madonna has some advice for US President George W. Bush: Get out of Iraq.  quot;I just don #39;t want American troops to be in Iraq, period, quot; the material girl said Tuesday in an interview on British Broadcasting Corp.	0
0	The shadow over Blair  The war in Iraq last night cast a pall over Tony Blair #39;s hopes for using the Labour Party conference in Brighton as the springboard for his ambitions for a third term.	3
1	Houstonians Sound Off On Final Bush-Kerry Debate  President George W. Bush and Massachusetts Sen. John Kerry vaulted into the home stretch of the race for the White House by trading blows on taxes, gun control, abortion and jobs, striving in their final debate to cement impressions in voters #39; minds.	0 1
1	Putin to hold summit with Bush at APEC forum  Moscow, Nov 15 (UNI) Russian President Vladimir Putin will hold summit level talks with his US counterpart George W Bush, on the sidelines of the summit of the leaders of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) forum, in Santiago, Chile, from 	0
0	Bush Rejects View That Weapons Report Belies Case for War  President Bush said the finding that Iraq had no illicit arms at the time of the invasion in no way undermined his decision to go to war.	0
1	Arafat #39;s young daughter sees plane off  CAIRO, Egypt -- Viewers watching Yasser Arafat #39;s funeral Friday got a rare glimpse of his 9-year-old daughter Zahwa, standing next to her mother and weeping as his coffin was placed on a plane.	2
1	Inquiry ordered into Arafat #39;s death  GAZA CITY - Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia has ordered an inquiry into what caused the death of Yasser Arafat. Arafat, 75, died in a French military hospital last week.	2
1	Bush praises grace, decency of State choice  President Bush on Tuesday picked national security adviser Condoleezza Rice, who once tutored him on global affairs, to be his top diplomat, saying her foreign policy experience 	0
1	Task for the debaters  Neither George Bush nor John Kerry has ever lost a debate, or so the legend goes. In fact, observers of presidential debates 	1
0	Bush takes lead to spur world action on Sudan crisis  In a bold move, the United States is taking the United Nations Security Council on the road this week to help end the violence and terrible suffering in Sudan.	0
1	Ohio Native To Replace Rice  President Bush #39;s new national security adviser is an Ohio native who #39;s known around the White House as  quot;Dad. quot;. Stephen Hadley is a longtime foreign policy aide to Republican presidents -- he #39;s served four of them going back to President Nixon.	0
0	Poll: More Believe Bush Behind Attack Ads (AP)  AP - Americans increasingly believe President Bush's re-election campaign is behind the ads attacking Democrat John Kerry's Vietnam experience, a poll found.	0
0	Key Events in Yasser Arafat's Life (AP)  AP - Key dates in Yasser Arafat's life:	2
0	Britons would vote overwhelmingly for Kerry in US election: poll (AFP)  AFP - British voters would turf President George W. Bush out of office in favour of John Kerry by an overwhelming majority if the November 2 US election was being held in their country, a poll said.	0 1
0	Schwarzenegger Says Pro-Bush Speech Irked His Wife (Reuters)  Reuters - California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger said on Monday that his speech backing President Bush at the Republican Convention in August resulted in a cold shoulder from his wife, Maria Shriver, a member of the famously Democratic Kennedy family.	0
3	Bush Picks Treasury  Deputy to  Lead Energy  President Bush nominated Deputy Treasury Secretary Samuel W. Bodman yesterday as his second secretary of energy, tapping an administration veteran to lead the Energy Department at a time of unstable oil prices and rising nuclear proliferation concerns.	0
0	Blair #39;s resignation  #39;would ruin Labour #39;  Gordon Brown would be forced to follow Tony Blair out of office if the prime minister were forced to step down over Iraq, John Denham said today.	3
0	Blair Cuts Short Ethiopia Trip, Heads Home  British Prime Minister Tony Blair left Ethiopia for home late on Thursday, a day ahead of schedule, airport sources in Addis Ababa said.	3
0	Unit's Report Supports Kerry's Version (AP)  AP - The Navy task force overseeing John Kerry's swift boat squadron in Vietnam reported that his group of boats came under enemy fire during a March 13, 1969, incident that three decades later is being challenged by the Democratic presidential nominee's critics.	1
1	Aiming at Bush, but felling Rather  Bill Burkett of Baird, Texas, will have a prominent place in the annals of political trickery. He #39;ll be remembered as the one who aimed at President Bush and felled the mighty Dan Rather and  quot;60 Minutes.	0
1	Host Says Rather Criticism Got Him Fired (AP)  AP - A radio talk-show host said Saturday he has been fired for criticizing CBS newsman Dan Rather's handling of challenges to the authenticity of memos about President Bush's National Guard service.	0
1	Blair battles to unify party ahead of election  Prime Minister Tony Blair said in a prepared speech yesterday that he realized the war in Iraq had divided Britain, but that he could not sincerely apologize for helping topple Saddam Hussein.	3
0	Arafat's Wife Opposes Leaders Visiting Him   PARIS (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat's senior deputies hoped to  travel to France on Monday to meet the critically ill  Palestinian president but his wife was opposed to the visit, a  senior Palestinian official said.	2
1	National polls split, but Kerry makes headway in states  WASHINGTON, Oct 11 (AFP) - National polls were split Monday over who was leading the US presidential race, but Democrat John Kerry showed signs of making headway against President George W. Bush in the decisive state-by-state battle.	0 1
0	Bush Readies Second-Term Proposals for RNC  NEW YORK - Abortion-rights protesters and the first Republican delegates descended on President Bush's heavily fortified convention city Saturday as campaign officials said their boss would use the nomination spotlight to defend his hawkish foreign polices and offer a second-term agenda for health care, education and job training.   "He believes it's important for a candidate to talk about what he's done and, most important, where he wants to lead," said adviser Karen Hughes, aboard Bush's campaign bus in Ohio...	0
0	U.S. Military Deaths in Iraq Pass 1,000  BAGHDAD, Iraq - U.S. military deaths in the Iraq campaign passed the 1,000 milestone Tuesday, with more than 800 of them during the stubborn insurgency that flared after the Americans brought down Saddam Hussein and President Bush declared major combat over...	0
0	Blair rejects demands for inquiry into civilian deaths in Iraq  Prime Minister Tony Blair on Wednesday rejected demands that he set up an independent inquiry into the number of civilians killed in Iraq.	3
0	Bush, Cheney Concede Saddam Had No WMDs  WASHINGTON - President Bush and his vice president conceded Thursday in the clearest terms yet that Saddam Hussein had no weapons of mass destruction, even as they tried to shift the Iraq war debate to a new issue - whether the invasion was justified because Saddam was abusing a U.N. oil-for-food program...	0
0	Arafat #39;s Death Remains a Mystery, Nephew Says After Seeing Records  Yasir Arafat #39;s nephew, Nasser al-Kidwa, said Monday that according to medical records released to him by the French Ministry of Defense there were no traces of known poisons 	2
1	Bush Asks Americans to Support Soldiers  President Bush makes remarks to military personnel and their families, Tuesday, Dec. 7, 2004, Camp Pendleton, Calif. (AP Photo/Lawrence Jackson).	0
0	Bush Rips Kerry on Iraq Following Debate  ALLENTOWN, Pa. - President Bush ripped into John Kerry on Iraq Friday, taking a more aggressive approach than he had in the previous night's debate as both candidates rushed back to the campaign trail to put their own spin on the first big faceoff...	0 1
1	Kerry #39;s war wounds  Democratic strategists must be having night sweats. Coming out of the primaries they figured they #39;d picked a sure winner in Massachusetts Senator John Kerry.	1
1	Kerry and Mary Cheney  The brouhaha that Republicans are fomenting about Kerry mention during the debates that Cheney #39;s daughter is gay is pure, unadulterated BS!	1
1	Blair aiming for full third term  LONDON: British Prime Minister Tony Blair yesterday underwent heart treatment after a surprise pledge to serve a full third term if he wins an election expected next year.	3
1	Bush calls Kerry out of touch  Cedar Rapids, Ia. - President Bush, campaigning Friday in Cedar Rapids, painted Democrat John Kerry as an out-of-touch extremist while hoping to tip a race that is no tighter anywhere in the country than in Iowa.	0 1
0	Moore's Pre-Election TV Special Nixed  NEW YORK - A cable pay-per-view company has decided not to show a three-hour election eve special with filmmaker Michael Moore that included a showing of his documentary "Fahrenheit 9/11," which is sharply critical of President Bush.    The company, iN DEMAND, said Friday that its decision is due to "legitimate business and legal concerns." A spokesman would not elaborate...	0
0	Sharon invites Peres to open talks on Labour joining coalition  JERUSALEM (AFP) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has called opposition Labour party leader Shimon Peres to start talks on forming a coalition government, a government source says.	4
1	Clinton urges Kerry to sharpen attack  Former US president Bill Clinton has warned John Kerry he must sharpen his criticism of President George Bush #39;s record to reinvigorate his candidacy if he hopes to win the election in November.	1
1	Houston CBS Affiliate Boots Rather Show (AP)  AP - Dan Rather's daily CBS radio broadcast is off the air where he grew up. Houston CBS radio affiliate KPRC hasn't been running it for the last couple weeks in reaction to his "60 Minutes" report questioning President Bush's National Guard service.	0
1	Arafat Heads for Paris Treatment  Ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat was expected to leave his West Bank headquarters for Paris after doctors said he had a potentially fatal blood disorder which required more tests abroad.	2
0	Blair Offers His Party a Qualified Apology for Iraq War  Prime Minister Tony Blair of Britain apologized for flawed intelligence but not for removing Saddam Hussein.	3
0	Bush Camp Controlling Admission to Events (AP)  AP - President Bush's team exerts close control over admission to his campaign events. Dissenters and would-be hecklers are turned away, campaign officials say. On several occasions in recent weeks, Democrats who have gotten in have been ejected because they wore pro-Kerry T-shirts.	0
0	Dems, GOP Claim Lead Going Into 2nd Debate (AP)  AP - President Bush needs to do a lot more than improve his body language for Friday night's second debate, says Democrat John Edwards. The Republicans say it's John Kerry who's got the explaining to do about his policies.	0 1
0	Paisley In Final Push  Ian Paisley will today tell Tony Blair he is not signing up to the governments #39; peace deal because it does not include watertight IRA commitments on decommissioning.	3
1	Proposed Social Security fixes fail to count the cost  Three years after President Bush #39;s Social Security commission proposed adding private investment accounts to the program, the action is heating up.	0
1	Burger King Bars Ads from TV Show Discussing Kerry (Reuters)  Reuters - Hamburger chain Burger King said on Wednesday that it would not run its commercials during a controversial program about U.S. presidential candidate John Kerry to be aired by Sinclair Broadcast Group .	1
0	Blair to promote foreign policy in election  Tony Blair has changed his approach in the run-up to the next general election with a  quot;twin-track strategy quot; that acknowledges international events are likely to overshadow domestic initiatives.	3
1	Bush, Kerry clash on Iraq  CORAL GABLES: Arguing over who can best lead the nation in war, Sen John Kerry charges that Americans have been left with this incredible mess in Iraq while President George W Bush says US troops look at the Democratic challenger and wonder, How 	1
0	France to hand over Arafat medical records to nephew  LONDON - Yasser Arafat #39;s nephew will travel to France Friday to pick up medical records that could show what caused the Palestinian leader #39;s death.	2
1	Bush: Americans will not be intimIdated  President Bush reacted sharply yesterday in Toledo to comments apparently made by Osama bin Laden on a newly released videotape claiming more terror attacks will follow if US troops remain in Muslim countries of the Middle East and America continues its 	0
0	Hungary to withdraw troops from Iraq by March 2005  Hungary will withdraw its 300 troops from Iraq by March 31 next year, Prime Minister Ferenc Gyurcsany said here Wednesday as US President George W. Bush, who led the invasion of Iraq, won re-election to a second four-year term.	0
0	Time Poll: Bush Holds 5-Point Lead Over Kerry (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush's lead against Democratic nominee John Kerry has widened to 5 points, according to the latest Time magazine poll released on Friday.	0 1
0	Row over British troops in Iraq  But whether in Parliament or in the newspapers, there #39;s no escaping the perception here: British troops would be redeployed nearer Baghdad to help George W. Bush, not American soldiers.	0
0	Israel won #39;t attend London Mideast conference  Israel will not attend a Middle East conference in London early next year but backs its stated aim of fostering Palestinian reform in pursuit of peace after Yasser Arafat #39;s death, a senior official says.	2
1	CBS Admits It Was Misled by Ex-Officer on Bush Documents  BS News said today that a former Texas National Guard officer had  quot;deliberately misled quot; it in its inquiry into President Bush #39;s National Guard service by providing 	0
1	Tucson Citizen  After the final presidential debate, Lynne Cheney accused Sen. John Kerry of a  quot;cheap and tawdry political trick quot; for invoking her daughter #39;s sexuality in his debate with President Bush.	0 1
0	Bush Calls on Israel to Impose Settlement Freeze   UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - President Bush on Tuesday called  on Israel to impose a freeze on Jewish settlements in the West  Bank and Gaza, taking a harder line on settlement growth than  Washington has recently.	0
1	Medal of Freedom for key figures in Iraq war  Washington -- President Bush bestowed the nation #39;s highest civilian honor, the Presidential Medal of Freedom, Tuesday on three of the central architects and executors of the war in Iraq, one of the president #39;s strongest efforts yet at putting a formal 	0
0	Springsteen, Bon Jovi Join Kerry Campaign (AP)  AP - Rocker Bruce Springsteen is joining Sen. John Kerry in the final days of his bid to become the nation's boss.	1
0	Blair Tries to Counter Iraq Skeptics in Europe  Prime Minister Tony Blair admonished the international community today not to waiver in its support for military victory in Iraq and the establishment of democracy there 	3
0	Nader to Hit Swing States; Kerry Improves  BOSTON - With polls showing a narrowing gap between President Bush and Sen. John Kerry, independent candidate Ralph Nader said Sunday that he planned to continue campaigning in key battleground states in the final month of the presidential election...	0 1
0	Kerry Calls Vote Change 'Inarticulate'  WASHINGTON - On the eve of a foreign policy debate with President Bush, Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry said in an interview that his explanation of why he voted in favor of additional funding for the war in Iraq before voting against it was "one of those inarticulate moments" in the campaign.    Kerry ultimately voted against providing  $87 billion for military operations and aid in Iraq and Afghanistan...	0 1
1	Rivals Stick to Issue of Security  President Bush and Democratic challenger John F. Kerry combed the Midwest for the last few uncommitted voters on Thursday, each carrying severe warnings 	0
0	Bush urges Putin to uphold democracy  WASHINGTON -- President Bush urged Russian President Vladimir Putin yesterday to  quot;uphold the principles of democracy quot; in a carefully worded message expressing concern about Putin's proposed political changes.	0
1	John Kerry reflects on Christopher Reeve  In a statement, the Democrat says the paralyzed actor  quot;was an inspiration to all of us. quot;. Kerry mentioned Reeve in Friday #39;s debate with President Bush while talking about the issue of stem cell research.	0 1
0	Sharon Wins Likud #39;s Support to Hold Coalition Talks With Labor  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Likud Party voted to support talks to bring Labor and other opposition parties into the coalition to keep the government afloat after it lost its last remaining partner a week ago.	4
0	Sharon, with Party Backing, Invites Labor Into Govt   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  invited the opposition Labor Party on Friday to form a national  unity government, seeking to avoid early elections and ensure a  planned withdrawal from the Gaza Strip next year.	4
1	Six foreigners snatched, US soldier dies as Iraqis watch US <b>...</b>  BAGHDAD (AFP) - Six more foreigners were kidnapped and a US soldier died in a roadside bomb in another day of mayhem, as Iraqis tracked the news that George W. Bush has won another term as US president.	0
0	Hispanic Voters Declare Their Independence  With 44 percent of their votes going to President Bush, Hispanics can no longer be considered reliably Democrat.	0
0	U.S. Death Toll in Iraq Reaches Grim Milestone   WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The American death toll in Iraq  topped 1,000 on Tuesday nearly 18 months after President Bush  launched the war that has become a central issue in the  November U.S. presidential elections.	0
0	Kerry blasts Iraq invasion as 'historic' failure (AFP)  AFP - Democratic presidential contender John Kerry accused President George W. Bush of creating a  quot;crisis of historic proportions quot; as infighting over Iraq dominated the US election campaign.	0 1
1	Bush, Kerry Clash on Iraq in Labor Day Rallies  Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry launched one of his harshest broadsides against the Iraq war on Monday, sparking an angry 	1
0	Arafat kin blames Israel  Armed with Yasser Arafat #39;s weighty medical dossier, his nephew blamed Israel for the Palestinian leader #39;s death and refused yesterday to squelch rumors of poisoning -ven though 	2
1	Barghouti enters election race  Marwan Barghouti, a Palestinian leader now in jail, has been entered in next month #39;s presidential election to succeed the late Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Bush Seeks 'Common Voice' Over North Korea   SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - President Bush urged Asian  allies at a Pacific Rim summit on Saturday to provide a "common  voice" and exert pressure on North Korea to return to stalled  talks on its nuclear weapons program.	0
1	Kerry gets poked in the eye during the thrashing of CBS  eorge W. Bush #39;s riposte to John Kerry #39;s NYU Iraq speech was swift and had nothing to do with the platitudes offered up at the UN General Assembly earlier today.	1
1	Tireless Push to Raise Turnout Was Crucial in GOP Victory  This article was reported by Elisabeth Bumiller, David M. Halbfinger and David E. Rosenbaum and written by Ms. Bumiller. WASHINGTON, Nov. 3 - In the closing hours of President Bush #39;s 	0
1	Arafat in grave condition  PARIS -- French doctors say Yasser Arafat is still alive, though his condition  quot;has become more complex. quot;. Earlier, Luxembourg #39;s prime minister told reporters as he arrived at a summit in Brussels that Arafat had died.	2
1	Jailed Barghouthi Joins Palestinian Presidential Race  Jailed Palestinian leader Marwan Barghouthi joined the race for president to succeed Yasser Arafat on Wednesday, drawing condemnation from his own Fatah movement and threatening to split the group.	2
0	Softening in Northern Ireland  The British and Irish Prime Ministers, Tony Blair and Bertie Ahern, at talks in London, appear to have pushed Northern Irelands reluctant politicians some way to a restoration of devolved government in Belfast.	3
0	Bush, Kerry to stump in Midwest in tightening race (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush and his Democratic rival, John Kerry, move their battle to the Midwestern state of Iowa as the two candidates slug it out on issues ranging from national security to government-run pensions less than two weeks before polling day.	0 1
1	Sharon Wins 1st of 3 Votes on Settlement Plan  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon won a key victory today as his cabinet easily approved a plan to compensate Jewish settlers who would be uprooted from the Gaza Strip.	4
0	Cahill, Rove Lead Presidential Campaigns  WASHINGTON - Karl Rove is a smooth, jovial political operative with a Texas-honed reputation as a ruthless competitor and three George W. Bush victories under his belt...	0
1	Greenspan blows a  #39;Jackson Hole #39; in candidates #39; election promises  As President George Bush and John Kerry outbid each other in rosy promises, Alan Greenspan yesterday brought the election debate on the economy down to earth: Sooner or later 	1
0	Bush Aims to Highlight Drug Fight  President Bush aims to highlight American drug-fighting aid in Colombia and boost a conservative Latin American leader with a stop in the Andean nation where thousands of security forces are deployed to safeguard his brief stay.	0
0	Palestinians Schedule January Elections  Palestinian officials scheduled presidential elections for Jan. 9, pushing forward Sunday with steps to a secure a new leader after the death of Yasser Arafat. Meanwhile, on Sunday, gunfire erupted in the tent set up for mourners of Arafat Just after his successor arrived.	2
1	Both Candidates Use McCain in Campaign Ads  NEW YORK Aug. 29, 2004 - Republican maverick John McCain campaigns with President Bush. He #39;s good friends with Democrat John Kerry.	0
0	Bush, Kerry Clash Over Latest Jobs Report  President Bush hailed a slight decline in unemployment Friday as reason for his re-election, evidence the "economy is strong and getting stronger." Not so, said Sen. John Kerry, countering that the administration's term will end with a net loss of jobs...	0 1
0	Bush Seeks Strong Intelligence Director  WASHINGTON - President Bush is urging Congress to create a strong national intelligence director to control the nonmilitary portions of the nation's intelligence community, a position similar to what was envisioned by the Sept. 11 commission...	0
0	Bush Criticizes Anti-Kerry Television Ad (AP)  AP - President Bush on Monday criticized a commercial that accused John Kerry of inflating his own Vietnam War record, more than a week after the ad stopped running, and said broadcast attacks by outside groups have no place in the race for the White House.	0 1
0	Integrity of Florida E-Voting in Doubt (AP)  AP - With polls showing nearly equal numbers of Florida voters for President Bush and Sen. John Kerry, the election's outcome may again hinge on a Florida recount. And the more that Floridians learn about how voting machines work, the more they question whether the 15 counties with paperless voting systems can accurately count and recount votes.	0 1
1	Bush swiftly backs Kerry record: Prez: Move on #39; from medal flap  President Bush related, bio, seeking an end to the bitter infighting over John Kerry #39;s medals before the start of his convention today, called Kerry #39;s war record more heroic #39; #39; than his own.	0 1
1	A lesson learned  CBS News apologized this week for airing a critical report concerning President Bush #39;s National Guard service, saying it could not authenticate the documents that formed the basis for the story.	0
0	Fatah Council Endorses Abbas to Lead Palestinians  RAMALLAH, West Bank, Nov. 25 -- The Revolutionary Council of the dominant Palestinian political faction, Fatah, approved former prime minister Mahmoud Abbas on Thursday as its candidate to succeed Yasser Arafat in a presidential election set for Jan. 9.	2
1	Adams, Blair, talk N. Ireland peace  Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams began meetings with British Prime Minister Tony Blair in London Wednesday in pursuit of peace in Northern Ireland.	3
1	 #39;Moment of decision #39; for talks on Ulster  The Prime Minister arrived for talks on the political future of Northern Ireland yesterday determined for a deal to be struck. Tony Blair and Bertie Ahern, the Irish 	3
0	P.L.O. Picks Abbas, a Pragmatist, as Followers Mourn Arafat  Yasir Arafat's body was flown to Cairo to lie in state before a military funeral on Friday to be attended by Arab leaders.	2
0	Legacy is lesson on fighting terrorism  If Yasser Arafat had died at birth, a Palestinian state would today likely be living side by side with a Jewish state, in peace. The Palestinian state would be called Jordan, which claimed and governed the 	2
0	Bush warns Iran, Syria not to meddle in Iraq #39;s affairs  US President George W. Bush on Wednesday urged Iran and Syria not to meddle in internal affairs of Iraq.  quot;We will continue to make it clear, to both Syria and Iran that... meddling in the internal affairs 	0
1	Facts lost amid flurry of campaign rhetoric  Whether a distortion on jobs, hairsplitting on health care or a half-told story about Iraq, facts are getting lost as President Bush and Democrat John Kerry reach full-throated roar in the campaign.	0 1
1	Poverty Stats Help Kerry Vs. Bush  Just when he was reeling from weeks of attacks from the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth, John Kerry has been handed an issue that he can use to hammer President Bush.	0 1
0	Polls Suggest a Double-Digit Bush Lead  AKRON, Ohio - President Bush and John Kerry battled over the economy and jobs in a small corner of the campaign's most fiercely contested state Saturday as polls showed a post-convention surge for the Republican in the White House.    Late Saturday, Teresa Heinz Kerry, the wife of the Democratic presidential candidate, was taken to a hospital in Mason City, Iowa, after complaining of an upset stomach, a spokeswoman said...	0 1
0	Clinton and Kerry Team Up on Bush (Reuters)  Reuters - Former President Bill Clinton and Sen. John Kerry ganged up on President Bush on the campaign trail on Monday, with Clinton warning Bush wants to scare voters and Kerry slamming Bush's "incompetence" in not protecting tons of missing explosives in Iraq.	0 1
1	White House has complicated war, challenger claims  Clashing over Iraq, Sen. John Kerry said yesterday that President George W. Bushs policies made the war against terror harder to win and  quot;let Osama bin Laden slip away.	1
1	Ashcroft, Evans resign from Cabinet  WASHINGTON - President Bush has accepted the resignations of Attorney General John Ashcroft and Commerce Secretary Donald Evans, White House press secretary Scott McClellan said Tuesday.	0
0	Colombians Thankful for U.S. Aid (AP)  AP - There were protesters as President Bush landed Monday in this seaside city for a visit  #151; but they were far outnumbered by Colombians thankful for the aid Washington has poured into their country to combat drug trafficking and guerrillas.	0
0	Thousands of Demonstrators Hit NYC Streets (AP)  AP - Tens of thousands of Bush administration opponents poured into Manhattan's streets Sunday on the eve of the Republican National Convention, angrily denouncing the war in Iraq and demanding the United States withdraw its forces.	0
0	Palestinians Hope to See Ailing Arafat Despite Row   PARIS (Reuters) - Senior Palestinian officials hope to see  Yasser Arafat in a French hospital on Tuesday after traveling  to Paris despite a war of words with the Palestinian  president's wife.	2
1	Bush stresses war on terror  President Bush yesterday said the race for the White House comes down to  quot;clear choices quot; between him and John Kerry on five issues:  quot;your family #39;s security, your budget 	0 1
1	Blair to Press Mideast Peace to Bush  Prime Minister Tony Blair, flying to Washington on Thursday for talks with President Bush (website - news - bio) , said the international community must make peace in the Middle East its highest priority.	0 3
1	North Korean Nuclear Issue to Feature at Asia-Pacific Summit  Efforts to get North Korea to scrap its nuclear weapons programs are expected to be high on the agenda when President Bush meets with other Asia-Pacific 	0
0	Blair set to face unions' wrath as TUC kicks off annual conference (AFP)  AFP - Britain's trade unions opened their annual conference amid threats of strike action ahead of a general election expected in 2005, urging Prime Minister Tony Blair's government to tackle concerns about pensions and job cuts.	3
0	Hostage agony takes toll on family  Desperate but unanswered pleas to release a British hostage threatened with death in Iraq have taken their toll on his family and put pressure on UK Prime Minister Tony Blair.	3
0	Kerry Vows Zealous U.S. Terror Hunt, Recalls Vietnam (Reuters)  Reuters - Democratic presidential nominee and Vietnam War veteran John Kerry tried to burnish his national security credentials on Saturday by vowing to hunt down terrorists with the same energy he used to pursue the Viet Cong.	1
0	Palestinian officials rush to bedside of ailing Arafat  The Palestinian leader, Yasser Arafat, was in a serious condition last night after a sharp deterioration in his health, Palestinian officials said.	2
0	Kerry Faults Top Leaders for Prison Abuse (AP)  AP - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry said Wednesday that civilian leaders in the White House and the Pentagon should be held accountable for abuse at Iraq's Abu Ghraib prison.	1
1	US Neocons Gun for Key Posts  JEDDAH, 16 November 2004 - With Colin Powell stepping down, changes that were bound to happen in the second Bush administration are reaching the higher echelons of the Cabinet.	0
0	Sharon Optimistic About Peace Prospects in Post-Arafat Era  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon sounded a note of optimism about the prospects for Middle East peace, crediting the new leadership of the Palestinian Authority for the brightened outlook.	4
1	CBS News Anchor Dan Rather Resigns After 24 Years (Reuters)  Reuters - Veteran newsman Dan Rather, embroiled in a pre-election scandal over a story challenging President Bush's military service, said on Tuesday he will step down as the CBS television network's top news anchor.	0
0	Bush Administration #39;s November Surprise   quot;This is a shocking November surprise by the Bush administration two days after the US election. I am deeply disappointed to see the White House go against prior US policy and act unilaterally to recognize 	0
1	Claims Bush had help in debate  US President George Bush speaks during a face-off with Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry in the first debate of the 2004.	0 1
0	Bush's Iowa Win Highlights Dems' Trouble (AP)  AP - President Bush added another stroke of Republican red to the electoral map by winning Iowa on Friday, underscoring the GOP's gains as well as the political problems that loom for Democrats in a shifting Midwest.	0
0	Bush Urges World to Unite With Iraq  UNITED NATIONS - President Bush, defending his decision to invade Iraq, urged a vast assembly of world leaders Tuesday to stand united with the country's struggling government and said the proper response to spreading violence "is not to retreat, it is to prevail."   The country's prime minister, Ayad Allawi, offered an upbeat assessment after Bush's speech to the General Assembly of the United Nations, saying, "We are winning, we are making progress in Iraq, we are defeating terrorists," even as insurgents claimed they had killed a second American hostage in two days.    Of the brutal slayings, Bush said, "We will not allow these thugs and terrorists to decide your fate and to decide our fate."   Yet in a sign of continuing world unease with the situation, U.N...	0
0	Bush Asked to Stop Using 'Still the One' (AP)  AP - The songwriter who helped pen the 1970s hit, "Still the One," is demanding that President Bush stop using the tune at campaign events, arguing that he's no fan of the Republican incumbent and the campaign never got permission to use the song.	0
0	Judge Denies Bush Effort to Speed Ruling (AP)  AP - A federal judge on Wednesday denied a request to force the Federal Election Commission to act on complaints by President Bush's campaign against anti-Bush groups spending millions of dollars on ads in the presidential race.	0
1	Arafat #39;s Death Remains a Mystery, Nephew Says After Seeing Records  Yasir Arafat #39;s nephew, Nasser al-Kidwa, said Monday that according to medical records released to him by the French Ministry of Defense there were no traces of known poisons 	2
1	 #39;Lot of work #39; to do on food-supply safety, Bush says  President Bush expressed no alarm yesterday about a warning from his outgoing top health official that the US food supply is vulnerable to terror attacks but would not deny the assessment and assert that the nation #39;s food is safe.	0
0	Homage to Arafat  Mr Yasser Arafat, an uncompromising leader of Palestine, breathed his last on November 11, 2004 in a military hospital in Paris. We are very shocked at his demise.	2
1	Bin Laden Takes Responsibility for 9/11 Attacks in New Tape  Osama bin Laden said for the first time that he ordered the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, according to a videotape made public today, and he accused President Bush of  quot;misleading the American people quot; about the attacks.	0
1	Taxpayer Money Is Fraction of Campaign  WASHINGTON - President Bush and John Kerry have accepted  $75 million each in government financing for their campaigns for the White House but tens of millions more will be spent by the parties and partisan interest groups to influence the race.	0 1
1	PA #39;s Paris envoy: While Arafat fights for his life, we #39;re fighting <b>...</b>  PARIS - Leila Shaheed, the Palestinian Authority envoy in Paris, lashed out at what she called false reports by the Israeli government and some Israeli media outlets announcing the demise of PA Chairman Yasser Arafat, who is in a deep coma at a Paris 	2
1	Israel Willing to Coordinate Gaza Pullout  Israel on Monday offered its first indication it was reassessing relations with the Palestinians after Yasser Arafat #39;s death, suggesting it might coordinate a planned withdrawal from the Gaza Strip if the Palestinian Authority cracks down on militant 	2
0	Arafat #39;s wife under fire, clashes with PA chiefs  PARIS, Nov 9 (AFP) - Suha Arafat, the wife of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, has held a covetous vigil in the military hospital where her husband may lie dying, protected by a French law that has let her shoulder her way into the Palestinian power 	2
0	Palestinians to Elect Arafat #39;s Successor on Jan. 9  Palestinians set Jan. 9 as the date for presidential elections to replace Yasser Arafat on Sunday as the United States hinted it may be ready to resume Middle East peacemaking shelved since 2000.	2
1	Bush Urged to Push Through Intelligence Reform  The chairman of the commission that investigated the September 11, 2001 attacks on the United States says President Bush must pressure Congress to pass intelligence reform legislation.	0
0	Howard puts his electoral faith in Australia #39;s trust  The Australian prime minister, John Howard, yesterday called a general election for October 9, beginning his campaign with the issue that sank Jos Mara Aznar in Spain and threatens the re-election of George Bush and Tony Blair.	3
0	Snow to Stay in Bush Cabinet for 2nd Term (AP)  AP - President Bush asked Treasury Secretary John Snow on Wednesday to stay in the administration, and Snow agreed, keeping a key member of Bush's economic team in place.	0
1	Elizabeth Edwards diagnosed with breast cancer  Elizabeth Edwards, wife of former Democratic vice presidential candidate John Edwards, was diagnosed with breast cancer the day her husband and Sen. John Kerry conceded the presidential race.	1
1	Analysts: Peace at risk if Barghouti wins race  A day after jailed Palestinian leader Marwan Barghouti shocked his compatriots by announcing that he will run for president, many Palestinians denounced him yesterday for endangering unity and a smooth transition of power in the post-Yasser Arafat era.	2
0	North Korea says Bush worse than Hitler  North Korea has described US President George W. Bush as a tyrannical political imbecile. who put Adolf Hitler in the shade and said Pyongyang could see no justification for talks with his administration.	0
1	FCC has bigger fish to fry  It has been a tough week to be a CBS executive. Two days after the news division admitted serious flaws in its blockbuster story about President Bush #39;s National Guard service, the Tiffany network #39;s parent 	0
0	Palestinian candidates shaping ballot  Palestinians began registering candidates yesterday for a presidential election to succeed Yasser Arafat, while officials warned that 	2
1	Kerry hits president #39;s leadership  Democratic presidential nominee Sen. John Kerry accused President Bush of not being the leader he says he is and blamed his lack of leadership for the  quot;two wars quot; the senator says America is embroiled in.	0 1
1	Up to 250,000 expected to march against Bush  After surprisingly quiet protests at the Democratic National Convention, demonstrators are mobilizing for a massive turnout at the Republican National Convention in New York City to express unhappiness 	0
0	Judge Orders U.S. to Find Bush Records  WASHINGTON - A federal judge has ordered the Pentagon to find and make public by next week any unreleased files about President Bush's Vietnam-era Air National Guard service to resolve a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit filed by The Associated Press.    U.S...	0
1	CARE worker pleads with Blair to save her  Margaret Hassan, a high-profile aid worker kidnapped in Iraq, tearfully pleaded with British Prime Minister Tony Blair to withdraw troops in a videotape that aired Friday on an Arabic television station.	3
1	He #39;s hitting the hustings today  Bill Clinton will make a dramatic appearance for John Kerry today in Philadelphia and later in Florida - and he says he would not have it any other way.	1
0	Local Palestinians remember Arafat  CHARLOTTE, NC -- Charlotte #39;s Palestinian community remembered Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat Saturday. The Palestine Right to Return Coalition held a memorial ceremony at Marshall Park in uptown Charlotte.	2
0	House Blocks Intelligence Reform Bill (Los Angeles Times)  Los Angeles Times - WASHINGTON  #8212; Defying their leadership and direct appeals from President Bush and Vice President Cheney, two powerful House Republicans on Saturday blocked intelligence reform legislation that would put a single director in charge of the nation's spy agencies.	0
0	Kerry Ads Underscore His Vietnam Service  WASHINGTON - The Democratic Party launched a costly round of ads Friday to buttress John Kerry's credentials to be commander in chief as the White House accused the Massachusetts senator of "losing his cool" over attacks on his war record.   "John Kerry is a fighter and he doesn't tolerate lies from others," spokeswoman Stephanie Cutter shot back at President Bush's spokesman...	0 1
1	Bush Is Determined #39; to See Iraq Elections in January (Update1)  President George W. Bush said he is determined #39; #39; to see Iraq hold elections Jan. 30 even as rebel attacks escalate, and any delay would send a wrong signal.	0
1	John Edwards Chastised for  #39;Rise Up and Walk #39; Declaration  It didn #39;t take long for Democrats to make the death of  quot;Superman quot; a campaign issue to be used against President Bush -- and pro-life conservatives are jumping all over Senator 	0
1	Bush Asked to Stop Using 'Still the One' (AP)  AP - The songwriter who helped pen the 1970s hit, "Still the One," is demanding that President Bush stop using the tune at campaign events, arguing that he's no fan of the Republican incumbent and the campaign never got permission to use the song.	0
3	Bush defends tax cuts  WASHINGTON, Oct 2 (AFP) - US President George W. Bush said Saturday he would renew some of the huge tax cuts that form a cornerstone of his economic rejuvenation policy and chided Democratic challenger John Kerry for opposing the cuts.	0 1
3	Lawmakers expect to deliver bill to Bush soon  WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- The House was expected to take up legislation as early as Thursday to extend popular middle-class tax cuts that would otherwise expire at the end of the year.	0
1	Videos vs. Bombs: America is Safer George C. Landrith  As al Qaedas pre-Election surprise, Osama bin Laden sent America a videotape. John Kerry immediately crowed that it proved he would be a better president.	1
3	Bush Expects Upward Revision to Jobs Data   PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - The Bush administration expects  revised data due on Friday to show the pace of job creation in  the year leading up to March was much swifter than had been  believed, economists who received a White House memo on the  subject said on Tuesday.	0
1	What have debates taught us?  The three presidential debates have come and gone and what have we learned? For one, debates are important, insofar as the first debate, won decisively by John Kerry, halted President Bush #39;s campaign momentum and restarted Kerry #39;s.	0 1
1	Early results favor Howard in Australia  Australian Prime Minister John Howard #39;s governing Liberal Party took a slight lead in nationwide elections Saturday, according to initial results, an early sign that one of President Bush #39;s most ardent allies in the Iraq war may 	0
0	Whitman Warns Against Catering to Right (AP)  AP - Christie Whitman, the former New Jersey governor and Bush environmental official, says in an upcoming book that Republican moderates must speak up or the party could move so far to the right that it will lose its influence and strength.	0
0	After Death, Tests for Mideast and World  Yasir Arafat was both the symbol of the Palestinians #39; hope for a viable, independent state and the prime obstacle to its realization.	2
0	Bush Overlooks Own Flip-Flop in Debate (AP)  AP - President Bush overlooked a flip-flop of his own when he boasted Wednesday about launching the Homeland Security Department: He was against it before he was for it. John Kerry told Americans he has a health care plan that covers all of them, when he doesn't.	0 1
3	Futures mkts swing for Kerry victory at last minute  Online traders have swung in late trading on Tuesday toward Democratic challenger John Kerry topping George W. Bush for the US presidency, perhaps driven by unconfirmed Internet Weblog reports of exit polls that showed Kerry 	0 1
1	Giuliani Apologized to Bush for Kerik  Former New York mayor Rudolph Giuliani personally offered apologies to President Bush for the abortive nomination of close associate Bernard Kerik as homeland security secretary.	0
1	Bush, Kerry Campaign on Morning Talk Shows  ALAMOGORDO, NM -- Both President Bush and Sen. John F. Kerry appeared on network news shows this morning in an attempt to connect with voters in the final full week of campaigning before Election Day.	0
0	Terror causes 'must be tackled'  Tony Blair and General Pervez Musharraf agree action must be taken to tackle the causes of international terror.	3
0	Security Still Big Topic in Session Aimed at Domestic Issues  President Bush and John Kerry clashed over the war on terrorism, the loss of jobs overseas and the state of health care.	0 1
0	Shadow Of Iraq Hangs Over UN Meet  UNITED NATIONS (AFP) - US President George W. Bush and UN Secretary General Kofi Annan were set to trade barbs on the opening day of the two-week session of the UN General Assembly, with the aftershocks of the Iraq war still at the top of the 	0
0	Blair says Mid East peace is key to beating terror  Tony Blair has redoubled his commitment to finding a resolution to the conflict between Israel and the Palestine. The prime minister told the Commons on Wednesday that bringing peace to the region was the  quot;key quot; to tackling international terrorism.	3
1	Bush prepares to fight Congress rebels over intelligence reform <b>...</b>  GEORGE BUSH declared war yesterday on rebellious Republicans in Congress who ambushed an ambitious intelligence reform Bill that was supposed to make America safer.	0
0	Iraq election campaign under way, Bush warns Iran and Syria to keep out (AFP)  AFP - Campaigning for the first post-Saddam Hussein elections got under way amid more bloodshed, as US President George W. Bush warned Iran and Syria to stop meddling in Iraq in the runup to the vote.	0
0	Nephew Suggests Arafat's Death Unnatural (AP)  AP - Yasser Arafat's nephew said Saturday his uncle may have died an "unnatural" death, a statement certain to renew speculation among Palestinians and in the rest of the Arab world where many already believe the late leader was poisoned despite Israel's repeated and vehement denials.	2
0	APEC Leaders Want to Revive World Trade Talks   SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - Asia-Pacific leaders promised  on Sunday to try to revive world trade talks and fight  terrorism after a summit marred at the end by disputes over the  security of President Bush.	0
0	Some Grieve for Arafat While Others Sigh in Relief  In death, as in life, the Palestinian leader Yasir Arafat provoked a great wave of contrary emotions across the Middle East on Thursday - grief at the passing of the once 	2
0	Bush Nominates Chief of Kellogg as Commerce Secretary  Carlos Gutierrez, Kellogg's chief executive since 1999 and a native of Cuba, now faces Senate confirmation.	0
0	Refugees #39; hopes for return will outlive Arafat  BEIRUT, Lebanon - Yasser Arafat promised Palestinians he would return them to the homes they lost when Israel was founded in 1948.	2
1	Bush vows Iraqi elections be held as planned  US President George W. Bush on Tuesday visited the Camp Pendleton Marines base in southern California on the 63rd anniversary of the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, vowing 	0
1	Cabinet changes likely in Bush #39;s 2nd term  President Bush calls it a  quot;great Washington sport, quot; the speculation about who will be in his second-term Cabinet, but even he says there will be new faces sitting around the polished mahogany table in the West Wing.	0
0	Arafat in Serious Condition, Foreign Medics Arrive   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Foreign doctors on Thursday  tended to seriously ill Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, who  for decades has symbolized his people's struggle for statehood.	2
1	Kerry Hits Bush Quote On Carrier Banner  John F. Kerry excoriated President Bush on Sunday for saying that he had no regrets about his declaration more than a year ago that the mission in Iraq 	0 1
1	Bush Lead Over Kerry Narrows in New Polls  President Bush #39;s lead over Democratic challenger Sen. John Kerry has narrowed since their debate with four polls released on Monday showing the race tied or slightly favoring the incumbent.	0 1
1	3.5 Raise for Federal Civilian Workers Makes Spending Bill  Congressional negotiators reached agreement yesterday on a spending package that provides a 3.5 percent raise for federal civilian employees, more than double that sought by President Bush.	0
1	Debate spin in full force as candidates rehearse  Coral Gables, Fla. -- Democrat John Kerry, sliding behind President Bush in the polls, must deliver a strong primetime performance in Thursday #39;s first presidential debate to keep his campaign competitive in 	0 1
0	Palestinian factions determined to keep unity, order if Arafat <b>...</b>  GAZA CITY, Nov 5 (AFP) - Palestinian officials and leaders from armed factions closed ranks Friday in a bid to ensure security and keep a lid on any instability should Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat die in a French hospital.	2
0	Sharon says Iran making every effort to possess nuclear arms  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said in comments published on Sunday that the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) and Europe were not doing enough to prevent Iran from developing nuclear arms.	4
0	Sharon Strikes Deal With Opposition Labor Party  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon struck a deal with the opposition Labor Party tonight to join his Likud government, which is likely to insure that Mr.	4
3	Bush advisers wary of oil  In shift of tone, White House says high energy prices are now dragging on US economy. CRAWFORD, Texas (Reuters) - President Bush #39;s economic advisers are warning that high energy prices have become a drag on 	0
0	Big Anti-Bush Protests Expected in NYC  NEW YORK - Demonstrators took to the streets on Sunday to protest President Bush's foreign and domestic policies as Republican delegates gathered to nominate the president for a second term.    A day ahead of the start of the Republican National Convention, up to 250,000 demonstrators were expected to march up Seventh Ave...	0
0	Bush Emphasizes Humanitarian Issues at UN  NEW YORK - President Bush, trying to soften his image overseas as a heavy-handed unilateralist, is using his annual address to the United Nations to offer up a brighter vision of a planet with less hunger, disease and oppression.    Exactly six weeks before Election Day, Bush is equally concerned about his audience at home...	0
0	Sharon mulls coordinating plan with new Palestinian leadership  Jerusalem: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has said he would be willing to consider coordinating his unilateral plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip with the Palestinians if the new leadership shows willingness to fight  quot;terror quot;.	4
0	Viet Nam deeply regrets Palestinian leader #39;s death  Ha Noi, Nov. 11 (VNA) -  quot;We are deeply moved and grieved by the death of President Yasser Arafat, President of the Palestinian State and President of the Palestine Liberation Organisation, quot; Foreign Ministry spokesman Le Dung has said.	2
1	An option slips away: Gaza withdrawal plan becomes more perilous  Seven months ago, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s astonishing announcement of a plan to withdraw all the Jewish settlements in the Gaza Strip ignited a tiny spark of hope among people searching for some way out of another ghastly intifada.	4
1	Kerry says Bush trying to shift topic  Democrat John Kerry said Tuesday that President Bush  #39; #39;didn #39;t talk reality at the United Nations #39; #39; and pressed him to answer questions about policies that Kerry said have made Iraq a violent mess.	0 1
0	Bush looks to cabinet reshuffle  George W Bush considers changes to his cabinet after winning a second term in office as US president.	0
0	Kerry: Bush Lets Groups Do 'Dirty Work'  BOSTON - John Kerry fought back Thursday against campaign allegations that he exaggerated his combat record in Vietnam, accusing President Bush of using a Republican front group "to do his dirty work" and challenging Bush to debate their wartime service records.   "Well, if he wants to have a debate about our service in Vietnam, here is my answer: Bring it on," said the Democratic presidential candidate, reviving an old war and campaign slogan amid strong urging from party leaders for him to respond to two-week-old GOP assertions...	0 1
1	THE DEMOCRATIC NOMINEE Kerry Says Bush Is Indifferent to Health <b>...</b>  Senator John Kerry on Monday accused President Bush of a dangerous indifference to the country #39;s health care concerns, using the shortage of the flu vaccine as a metaphor 	0 1
1	Bush, Kerry Battle for Edge in Tight Race  President Bush evoked the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks on Friday in an emotional appeal for support in a tight White House race, but Democratic 	0
1	Spurt of jobs surpasses forecasts  Capping a week of triumphs for President Bush, new US economic figures released yesterday showed that employers added 337,000 people to their 	0
1	Canada Offers Limited Help on Vaccine Gap  Canada has responded with mixed reactions to the shortage of flu vaccine in the United States and to President Bush #39;s suggestion that Canada could fill the gap.	0
0	Foreign Policy at Forefront of Debate  BAL HARBOUR, Fla. - The first presidential debate and its focus on foreign policy and security gives both President Bush and Sen...	0
1	Rice Says US Couldn #39;t Underestimate Threat From Hussein  US President George W. Bush couldn #39;t afford to minimize the threat from Saddam Hussein when determining whether he was rebuilding Iraq #39;s nuclear weapons capability, National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice said.	0
0	Sharon Says Nothing Will Stop Gaza Plan  JERUSALEM - Facing unrelenting criticism from Jewish settlers, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Monday that nothing would deter him from pushing forward with his plan to pull out of the Gaza Strip and parts of the West Bank.    Also Monday, scattered fighting in the Gaza Strip killed at least five Palestinian militants...	4
1	Bush and Musharraf hold a meeting  President George W. Bush met Wednesday with President Pervez Musharraf of Pakistan, a crucial ally in the war against terrorism but one with whom there are strains elsewhere in the relationship.	0
0	Campaigning Bush plays up US diplomacy (AFP)  AFP - Amid wilting election-year support for the military campaign in Iraq, US President George W. Bush is distancing himself from the go-it-alone "war president" image he once embraced with relish.	0
0	Palestinian leader calls for an end to uprising  JERUSALEM -- Mahmoud Abbas, the Palestinian leader campaigning to succeed Yasser Arafat in elections next month, said in an interview published yesterday that the 4-year-old armed uprising against Israel was a mistake and must end.	2
0	Britain Considers U.S. Request for More Iraq Help (Reuters)  Reuters - Britain is considering a U.S. request to move troops into more potentially dangerous areas of Iraq, a politically charged move which has re-ignited anger over Prime Minister Tony Blair's support for the war.	3
0	AP Poll: Bush Holds Slight Lead on Kerry  WASHINGTON - President Bush opens the fall campaign with a slight lead over Democratic Sen. John Kerry, an Associated Press poll shows, as voters express growing confidence in the direction of the country and the performance of the incumbent...	0 1
0	Bush Opens Lead in Electoral Vote Race (AP)  AP - In a seesaw campaign, President Bush has opened a lead over John Kerry in their drive to White House victory by making gains in the Midwest and solidifying his Southern base.	0 1
1	Bush sends a signal  By naming Condoleezza Rice to replace outgoing Secretary of State Colin Powell, US President George Bush has sent a pretty clear signal of what he expects from allies in his second term.	0
0	Powell Wins Israeli Vow to Ensure Palestinian Vote   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Reviving a long-dormant U.S.  peacemaking role, Secretary of State Colin Powell won an  Israeli pledge on Monday to allow Palestinians enough freedom  of movement to hold an election for Yasser Arafat's successor.	2
0	Annan cites readiness to expand UN aid  WASHINGTON -- UN Secretary General Kofi Annan, fending off Republican demands for his resignation over alleged corruption, said yesterday he will expand UN support for Iraqi elections if need be. He said he was not offended that President Bush did not ask to see him during this visit to Washington.	0
1	Egypt plays Mideast peace broker  An assassination attempt was made Sunday on the man who may replace Yasser Arafat as Palestinian chief. By Dan Murphy  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.	2
0	Bush Blames Poorly Made Shirt for Bulge (AP)  AP - President Bush sees the value  #151; and the humor  #151; in the idea that aides could secretly feed him advice through a radio receiver hidden on his back.	0
0	Egypt Agrees to Host Arafat Funeral   CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt has agreed to host a funeral in  Cairo for Palestinian President Yasser Arafat, who is in a  Paris hospital where he suffered a brain hemorrhage, Egyptian  and Palestinian officials said.	2
0	Bush Says Debates Highlight His Record  LAS VEGAS - President Bush said Thursday the trio of prime-time debates with Sen. John Kerry demonstrated he is running on his record - and his opponent away from his own - even as the Republican campaign acknowledged that Kerry had gained from the confrontations viewed by tens of millions of Americans...	0 1
0	Palestinians fear more of the same after US elections (AFP)  AFP - Palestinians may well be glad to see the back of George W. Bush at next month's presidential elections but are sceptical that John Kerry will execute a major rethink in US policy on the Middle East conflict.	0 1
3	Bush thanks scandal-plagued Italy PM for war cooperation  Days after he was acquitted in a corruption trial, Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi got a warm welcome Wednesday from President Bush, who is grateful to Italy as a rare European ally willing to send troops to Iraq.	0
1	Republicans Prepare To Nominate Bush In Nervous New York  The Republican Party begins its four-day convention in New York on 30 August, aiming to boost US President George W. Bush in his tight race against Democratic challenger John Kerry.	0 1
0	GOP Wants Bush to Draw Attention Off Iraq  NEW YORK - Nervous Republicans are urging President Bush to unveil a robust second-term agenda at his convention next week to shift voters' focus from the unpopular war in Iraq and other issues that are a distraction to his re-election drive. Some contend the party should ditch the GOP-fueled controversy over rival John Kerry's combat record in Vietnam...	0 1
0	U.S. Death Toll in Iraq Reaches Grim Milestone (Reuters)  Reuters - The American death toll in Iraq topped 1,000 on Tuesday nearly 18 months after President Bush launched the war that has become a central issue in the	0
1	US Senate Confirms Goss, Bush Nominee, as CIA Director  The US Senate confirmed Porter Goss, a Republican congressman and President George W. Bush #39;s choice to head the Central Intelligence Agency.	0
1	Jailed Palestinian reverses decision not to challenge for Arafat <b>...</b>  The Israeli and Palestinian leaderships were in upheaval last night as Ariel Sharon #39;s government faced collapse after the prime minister broke with his main coalition partner, and a popular Palestinian military commander launched a strong challenge from 	2 4
0	Bush Ad Mocks Kerry Shift on Positions (AP)  AP - President Bush's campaign rolled out a television ad Wednesday that shows Sen. John Kerry windsurfing and claims his positions shift "whichever way the wind blows." Within hours, the Democrat's campaign pushed out a commercial condemning Bush for "a juvenile and tasteless attack ad."	0 1
1	Birmingham Freelancer Sues Kitty Kelley (AP)  AP - A freelance writer is suing biographer Kitty Kelley, claiming the author plagiarized his work in her new book about President Bush and his family.	0
0	Sharon wins vote on pullout plan, but divisions appear  Flushed from his victory in the parliamentary debate endorsing Israel #39;s withdrawal from the Gaza Strip, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has repeated his opposition to holding a referendum on the issue, the Ha #39;aretz daily reported yesterday.	4
0	Clark: No Role in Kerry Administration (AP)  AP - Retired Army Gen. Wesley Clark on Monday all but ruled out being considered for a top government position if former Democratic rival John Kerry is elected president.	1
1	Gregg: And the battle begins  For almost 18 months, Democrats trying to wrestle the White House and control of Congress back from the Republican Party have been blasting President Bush for rushing the country into war in Iraq.	0
0	Palestinian Mourners Await Arafat's Arrival  The coffin of Yasser Arafat, draped with the Palestinian flag, was bound for Ramallah in the West Bank Friday, following a formal funeral on a military compound near Cairo.	2
1	Arafat in Hospital Near Paris for Treatment of Mystery Illness  Yasir Arafat, the ailing Palestinian leader, arrived in France today as the guest of the French government and was immediately taken to a military hospital for treatment of what is being called a mysterious ailment.	2
0	It was wrong, I wasn #39;t, Blair insists  Tony Blair yesterday offered a crowded House of Commons his most direct apology yet for deficiencies in the intelligence dossiers he presented to MPs to help justify the invasion of Iraq in March 2003.	3
0	Kerry Drops Ball With Packers Fans (washingtonpost.com)  washingtonpost.com - MILWAUKEE, Sept. 14 -- Forget soccer moms and NASCAR dads. The most important demographic in these parts transcends gender and geography -- it's Green Bay Packers fans.	1
1	Bush top adviser resigns over ads  WASHINGTONA top legal adviser to US President George W. Bush #39;s campaign has become the second official to resign because of links to a group attacking Democratic challenger John Kerry #39;s war record.	0 1
1	Democrat may get a Ron for his money  Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry, right, gets a pass away from his brother, Cam, during a weekend game of touch football in Boston.	1
1	Combative Kerry says president  #39;unfit to lead #39;  A newly combative John Kerry came out swinging Friday after a Republican convention aimed at dismantling his candidacy, accusing President George W. Bush of a litany of failure 	0 1
3	What's a Dejected Democrat to Do?  Since Nov. 2, countless Kerry supporters have been flocking to the Internet in search of a postelection pick-me-up. Here are some of the imaginative ways they are coping with sorrow and anger online	1
1	Cheney rages at Kerry  #39;cheap trick #39;  CALLING himself a  quot;pretty angry father quot;, Dick Cheney yesterday accused John Kerry of being prepared to do anything to win after the Democratic challenger referred to the US Vice 	1
1	Arafat has minor exploratory surgery  Palestinian President Yasser Arafat has undergone minor exploratory surgery in his West Bank headquarters and is in a stable condition, a senior official says.	2
0	Bush Campaign Raises  #36;260 Million Total (AP)  AP - The GOP's decision to hold its presidential nominating convention a month later than the Democratic gathering is giving President Bush a big financial advantage in the campaign's final weeks.	0
0	Bush's Foreign Aid Programs at Juncture (AP)  AP - Amid the discord over administration foreign policy, President Bush has won wide acclaim for two initiatives: helping overseas AIDS victims and countries that adopt democratic reforms.	0
1	Campaigns Argue Over Reactions To Bin Laden  President Bush and Sen. John Kerry stormed across the Midwest on Saturday with their campaigns thrown into uncertainty about the effects of a new videotape showing 	0 1
1	Kerry to Appeal to Middle Class  Sen. John Kerry was expected to appeal to middle class voters in the election homestretch Wednesday, saying according to prepared remarks that President 	1
1	ANGER AT WTC SUICIDE  Families of 9/11 victims yesterday reacted with shock, sympathy - and anger -fter a Georgia man killed himself at Ground Zero on his 25th birthday because he was distraught over President Bush #39;s re-election.	0
1	The Many Faces of Karl Rove  Almost everyone, it seems, is giving Rove an enormous amount of credit for winning his boss a second term last week. From his office in the West Wing, Rove has been President Bush #39;s senior adviser and chief political strategist.	0
3	Oil stocks to retrieve on Kerry victory   quot;Under a Kerry administration wed likely have a much more interventionist SPR policy. And when you look out a bit further, Bush is more likely to be aggressive in the Middle East, particularly in Iran, quot; said 	0 1
0	Bush Thankful for Friendly Waves in Canada (AP)  AP - Thousands of demonstrators protested President Bush's visit Tuesday, but Bush, eager to patch up relations with the northern neighbor, said he felt he'd received a friendly welcome.	0
1	Rules of debate: No asking each other questions  Excerpts from the  quot;Memorandum of Understanding quot; signed by President Bush #39;s and Sen. John Kerry #39;s campaigns before the debates: No opening statements, but each candidate gets a two-minute closing statement.	0 1
0	Israel fumes at Straw #39;s floral tribute to Arafat  British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw laid a wreath at the grave of Yasser Arafat in Ramallah on Thursday, initiating a new diplomatic rite certain to vex many Israelis.	2
0	Analysis: Israel pleased with Rice-Hadley team  Senior diplomats in Jerusalem strained to contain their pleasure Tuesday at US President George W. Bush #39;s appointment of Condoleezza Rice as secretary of state and Steven Hadley as national security adviser, replacing Rice.	0
0	US to Question China About Bush Comment  WASHINGTON Nov 1, 2004 - The State Department will ask the Chinese government about comments by a former senior Chinese official who accused President Bush of trying to  quot;rule over the whole world.	0
0	Sharon #39;s Disengagement Plan  #39;Tearing Israel Apart #39;, Settlers Say  Tens of thousands of Israelis rallied in the streets of Jerusalem Sunday evening -- the latest in a series of protests against Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s disengagement plan.	4
0	Giuliani Said Apologized to Bush Over Kerik (AP)  AP - Former New York mayor Rudolph Giuliani, at a preplanned dinner with President Bush, offered apologies for the abortive nomination of close associate Bernard Kerik as homeland security secretary, a Giuliani spokeswoman said.	0
0	Blair 'pressing US on climate'  Tony Blair tries to persuade the US to cut greenhouse gases amid concerns over climate change.	3
0	At Kerry's HQ, W Is for Woeful (BusinessWeek Online)  BusinessWeek Online - So now that he has blown his convention boost and fallen behind George W. Bush in both national polls and key battleground states, Democrat John Kerry has emerged in fighting trim. The man from Massachusetts has shaken up his staff, started using surrogates to poke at George W. Bush's now-you-see-me, now-you-don't Air National Guard record, and has torn up his stump speech to sharpen the contrast with the President.	0 1
0	Blair, Paisley confer on N. Ireland  British Prime Minister Tony Blair met in London with Democratic Unionist leader Ian Paisley Monday about power sharing with Northern Ireland #39;s Assembly.	3
1	President rouses crowd, raps Kerry at St. Petersburg campaign stop  President George W. Bush campaigned in St. Petersburg this morning, telling a crowd of about 7,000 at Progress Energy Park that  quot;There is no doubt in 	0 1
0	Likud holds key vote, Sharon warns of elections 09/12/2004  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon urged his Likud party to vote for a governing alliance with the Labour Party, warning that failure to do so would force snap elections and derail his Gaza withdrawal plan.	4
0	Peres: Israeli Extremists May Try to Kill Sharon (Reuters)  Reuters - Opposition leader Shimon Peres said Tuesday he feared Israeli extremists might try to assassinate Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, the target of growing far-right fury over a planned withdrawal from Gaza next year.	4
0	Debate on Kerry's Military Record Rages (AP)  AP - Democrat John Kerry on Thursday lashed out at "the lie that's been put out there" about his Vietnam War service as Republicans and Democrats fiercely debated his military record, sensing a political advantage in keeping the issue alive.	1
1	Reuters Poll: Bush, Kerry in White House Dead Heat  President Bush and Democratic Sen. John Kerry remain tied in the race for the White House two weeks before the Nov. 2 election, according to a Reuters/Zogby poll released on Tuesday.	0 1
0	Kerry Says He Wouldn't Have Ousted Saddam (AP)  AP - Staking out new ground on Iraq, Sen. John Kerry said Monday he would not have overthrown Saddam Hussein had he been in the White House, and he accused President Bush of "stubborn incompetence," dishonesty and colossal failures of judgment. Bush said Kerry was flip-flopping.	0 1
1	Bush, Kerry clash on Iraq  CORAL GABLES, FLA. - US President George Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry clashed Thursday night over the war in Iraq in a 90-minute debate that featured heated exchanges between the candidates over 	1
0	Palestinian candidates shaping ballot  Palestinians began registering candidates yesterday for a presidential election to succeed Yasser Arafat, while officials warned that 	2
1	Stakes Are High For Tuesday #39;s Cheney/ Edwards Face-Off  After a month of treading water in the polls, John Kerry #39;s campaign finally appears to have  quot;the Big Mo, quot; as the first President Bush dubbed political momentum.	0 1
0	Bush phones DUP chief Paisely  US President George W. Bush has tried to help break a deadlock in the Northern Ireland peace process, telephoning Protestant leader Ian Paisley as negotiations ground on in London and Belfast.	0
1	Yasser Arafat, Who Led Palestinians to Brink of Statehood, Dies  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, who rose from the ranks of guerrilla fighter to share a Nobel Peace Prize with his Israeli archenemies only to watch the peace process later unravel, died today.	2
1	Bush Speaks in Florida, Where the Race is Tight  Description: President Bush focused his campaigning Saturday on Florida, a state he won with the help of a Supreme Court decision in 2000.	0
0	Fiscal Conservatives Challenge Bush (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush, who accuses his Democratic rival of keeping his budget plans secret, has yet to offer plans of his own for funding his campaign promises and cutting the deficit in half, fiscal conservatives said on Friday.	0
1	US claims Iraq to be key of anti-terrorism war  US White House spokesman Scott McClellan on Wednesday rejected Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry #39;s saying that  quot;war of Iraq is not part of the war on terrorism, quot; stressing 	1
0	US offers aid to AU mission in Darfur  US President George W. Bush on Friday ordered to provide 20 million dollars in assistance for Sudan. Bush said that the aid to Sudan  quot;is in the national interest of the 	0
1	UK refuses talks with kidnappers  The UK yesterday made it clear that it would not deal with Islamic extremists in Iraq holding engineer Kenneth Bigley, despite a dramatic appeal from the hostage begging Prime Minister Tony Blair to intervene and save his life.	3
1	Bush to meet EU, NATO leaders  BRUSSELS, Belgium -- US President George W. Bush is expected to meet with NATO and European Union leaders in February in an effort to mend trans-Atlantic relations that have been strained by the war in Iraq, officials say.	0
0	Who's Left From Bush's First-Term Cabinet (AP)  AP - A look at the six people in President Bush's 15-member Cabinet who will remain in the administration in the second term:	0
0	Military toll tops 1,000  BAGHDAD -- US military deaths in the Iraq campaign passed the 1,000 mark yesterday, with more than 800 of them during the stubborn insurgency that flared after the Americans brought down Saddam Hussein and President Bush declared major combat over.	0
0	France Doctors Fight to Keep Arafat Alive (AP)  AP - Doctors fought to keep Yasser Arafat alive as anxious Palestinian officials looked for ways to prevent unrest if their 75-year-old leader, said on Friday to be in a coma, dies.	2
0	National Guard Hands Over More Bush Papers (AP)  AP - More than a week after a court-imposed deadline to turn over all records of President Bush's military service, the Texas Air National Guard belatedly produced two documents Tuesday that include Bush's orders for his last day of active duty in 1973.	0
0	More Than 100,000 Protest Bush in NYC  NEW YORK - More than 100,000 demonstrators marched past a heavily fortified Republican convention hall on Sunday, chanting denunciations of the administration and the war in Iraq as delegates flocked to the city to nominate President Bush for four more years in the White House.    Vice President Dick Cheney campaigned his way into the convention city three days ahead of the president, praising him as "calm in a crisis, comfortable with responsibility and determined to do everything needed to protect our people." He spoke on Ellis Island, framed by a Manhattan skyline altered irrevocably by terrorism...	0
0	The twin challenges in Palestine and other Arab countries  The Palestinian intifada marked the completion of its fourth consecutive year yesterday, and, not surprisingly, Palestinian street anger is directed these days at both the Israelis for their brutal occupation and at Yasser Arafat #39;s incompetent and often 	2
0	Bush Looking Anew for Alaska Oil Drilling (AP)  AP - Republican gains in the Senate could give President Bush his best chance yet to achieve his No. 1 energy priority  #151; opening an oil-rich but environmentally sensitive Alaska wildlife refuge to drilling.	0
0	Bush, Kerry Campaign in West Before Debate (AP)  AP - Bracing for their final debate, John Kerry accused President Bush of favoring "friends in the oil industry" over consumers strapped with rising fuel bills on Monday while Bush said his challenger so misunderstood the war on terror that he thought it could be reduced to "a nuisance" akin to prostitution or illegal gambling.	0 1
0	Powell to focus on Palestinian vote  Arriving in the Middle East for talks with Israeli and Palestinian leaders, Secretary of State Colin Powell said yesterday he would press both sides to take steps to enable Palestinians to elect a legitimate successor to Yasser Arafat.	2
1	Giuliani tells Bush hes sorry for pushing Kerik  WASHINGTON - Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former mayor of New York, attended a Christmas dinner at the White House on Sunday night to apologize to his host for pushing Bernard B. Kerik as homeland security secretary.	0
0	Bush video wins Turner Prize (AFP)  AFP - An exhibit featuring a film about US President George W. Bush's home town in Texas won the Turner Prize, pipping a digital recreation of Osama bin Laden's house.	0
0	Arafat Has Liver Failure, Officials Say  Yasser Arafat lay critically ill with liver failure on Sunday and his condition was getting no better, a Palestinian official said, as Palestinian leaders adopted in his absence a plan to restore order in their areas.	2
1	Bush lays out firm course  Declaring  quot;I #39;ve got the will of the people at my back, quot; President Bush yesterday outlined a broad agenda for his second term that will include attempts 	0
1	Arafat #39;s condition is improving, aide says  PARIS -- Yasser Arafat #39;s health is improving, one of his aides said Tuesday, repeating that tests have ruled out leukemia as the cause of the Palestinian leader #39;s health problems.	2
0	Blair Backs Annan Over Oil-For-Food Criticism   LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair backed  United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan on Monday in the  face of criticism over the U.N. oil-for-food scandal in Iraq.	3
0	Democrats Claim Bush's Bounce Will Fade  WASHINGTON - Democrats on Sunday said President Bush's post-convention bounce was triggered by "four days of mean, vicious attacks" on John Kerry, and would be short-lived.    They vowed a nonstop, two-month offensive to make up for any lost ground as Kerry made personnel changes at the top of his campaign for the final sprint to Election Day...	0 1
1	A Rough Week For President Bush  By David Paul Kuhn. By Dick Meyer. By Dotty Lynch. By Bob Schieffer. The airing of a tape of Osama bin Laden capped a week of bad news for President Bush that threatened to derail his candidacy in the final days of the presidential election 	0
0	Rebuffed by Party, Sharon Presses on with Gaza Plan   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  vowed on Thursday to press ahead with his Gaza pullout plan  despite a humiliating rebuff from his own party of his bid to  forge a coalition with the pro-withdrawal Labour Party.	4
0	Cheney: Kerry 'Wrong Choice' for President (AP)  AP - Vice President Dick Cheney said Tuesday that the nation faces the threat of another terrorist attack if voters make the "wrong choice" on Election Day, suggesting that Sen. John Kerry would follow a pre-Sept. 11 policy of reacting defensively.	1
1	Bush ad suggests country under Kerry would be vulnerable  The Bush campaign is accusing John Kerry related, bio of putting our protection at risk #39; #39; -- again suggesting the Democrat would be weak on the war on terror.	1
0	ARAFAT TO LEAVE HIS BESIEGED COMPOUND  October 26, 2004 -- Israel said it will temporarily allow Yasser Arafat to leave his besieged compound for the first time in more than two years so that the ailing Palestinian leader can get further medical tests following an endoscopy procedure yesterday 	2
1	Bush turns up the heat on Kerry over security  BOCA RATON, Florida President George W. Bush entered the last two weeks of the campaign with his most explicit charge that the security of the United States would be in peril if Senator John Kerry were elected, declaring that Kerry had  quot;a strategy of 	0 1
0	The man who forged Palestinian identity  Arafat's funeral is to be held Friday in Cairo. He will be buried at his West Bank headquarters.	2
1	Arafat #39;s condition improving  : Yasser Arafat telephoned his Palestinian colleagues, read telegrams from well-wishing world leaders, ate cereal and sipped tea - signs that his health may be on the upswing following three 	2
0	Delegates, Protesters Descend on New York (AP)  AP - Abortion-rights protesters and the first Republican delegates descended on President Bush's heavily fortified convention city Saturday as campaign officials said their boss would use the nomination spotlight to defend his hawkish foreign polices and offer a second-term agenda for health care, education and job training.	0
1	Bush Picks Kerik for Homeland Security Job  President Bush has picked as his homeland security secretary former New York City police commissioner Bernard Kerik, who helped the city respond to the Sept.	0
1	Prime Minister Ayad Allawi generates a can-do aura  Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi leans on a lectern in the Rose Garden, a swagger in his pose. He #39;s side by side with President George W. Bush, a man who knows something about swaggering.	0
0	New York Times, three other US dailies endorse Kerry for president (AFP)  AFP - The New York Times endorsed John Kerry for president, becoming the first major US daily to announce its presidential preference, and was joined by small papers in the swing states of Ohio and Minnesota in backing the Democratic senator.	1
0	Sharon Turning to Rivals to Save Coalition (AP)  AP - Fresh from a painful parliamentary defeat, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Thursday he'll turn to his old rivals in the Labor Party to save his shattered coalition and get the support he needs to leave the Gaza Strip.	4
0	Tough Campaign Ahead for Bush #39;s Australian Ally  Ending months of speculation, Australian Prime Minister John Howard has called an election for October 9, when he will become the first of the three 	0
1	President keeps Bay Stater on as chief-of-staff  Bay State native Andrew Card will stay in his powerful White House post into President Bush #39;s second term, administration officials said yesterday.	0
1	Bush Visits Battleground States Ahead of Republican Convention  President Bush is on a tour of states considered crucial to electoral victory, in a week of campaigning that will lead him to the Republican national convention in New York city.	0
1	Bush Said  #39;Fit for Duty #39; After Physical  President Bush gives a salute as he walks to his limousine at the National Naval Medical Center in Bethesda, Md., Saturday, Dec. 11, 2004 after his annual physical.	0
0	Arafat lapses into coma  Yasser Arafat remained alive but in grave condition in the intensive care unit at a military hospital here, French officials said Thursday amid increasing confusion and unconfirmed 	2
0	Annan Urges Greater Effort on Middle East Peace   UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - U.N. Secretary-General Kofi  Annan was "deeply moved" by the death of Palestinian President  Yasser Arafat and urged renewed efforts by the Palestinians and  the Israelis to reach peace, a spokesman said late on  Wednesday.	2
0	Bush seems primed for Mideast push  But the most important entry on Middle East watchers #39; list is George W. Bush: in for four more years. The recent death of Arafat, the Palestinian Authority president, creates an opportunity for the United 	0 2
0	Blair told Bush he  #39;would not budge #39; in support for war  Leaked documents show a gulf between public statements on Iraq and private talks with the White House. Francis Elliott reports. Tony Blair privately promised George Bush he would not budge in his support for 	3
0	Sharon Rejects Talks with Syria for Now (Reuters)  Reuters - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Thursday he opposed peace talks with Syria while it continued to host Palestinian militant groups in Damascus.	4
0	Bush and Kerry Clash Over Iraq and a Timetable  Senator John Kerry said he wanted troops home within four years, and President Bush defended the war as "right for America."	0 1
0	Bush camp in new attack on Kerry  The Bush campaign runs a new attack ad against John Kerry, saying he fails to understand the war on terror.	1
0	Bush, Kerry Go on the Attack After Debate  ELYRIA, Ohio - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry, their animosity stirred by a contentious second debate, lit into each other over Iraq, jobs and debate performance on Saturday in critical battleground states...	0 1
1	Republicans turn to domestic issues  NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Turning from national security issues and the attacks on Democratic rival John Kerry on their opening night of the convention, Republicans plan to focus on domestic issues and the economy on Tuesday, the first night of programming 	1
0	PA to get  $600m. of Arafat #39;s funds  Yasser Arafat #39;s economic adviser, Muhammad Rashid, has agreed to hand over to the Palestinian Authority some  $600 million believed to be held in secret bank accounts.	2
0	Decision on British citizenship for Gurkhas due in weeks: Blair (AFP)  AFP - Britain is to announce in the coming weeks whether it will extend full citizenship to Gurkha soldiers from Nepal serving in its armed forces, Prime Minister Tony Blair revealed.	3
0	Letterman Gets Big Ratings Boost from Kerry (Reuters)  Reuters - It's too soon to tell whether the laughs he got from his top-10 list on Monday night will translate into votes, but John Kerry's appearance on CBS' "Late Show with David Letterman" made for great ratings.	1
0	Pro-Choice Senator Must Back Bush -Senate Leader (Reuters)  Reuters - A Republican senator who has questioned whether an abortion opponent could win approval to the U.S. Supreme Court must agree to back President Bush's nominees if he is to head the committee acting on those nominations, the Senate's Republican leader said.	0
0	Nephew refuses to rule out Arafat was poisoned  PARIS: Yasser Arafats nephew refused to rule out on Monday that the late Palestinian leader had been poisoned, even though French doctors said they found no trace of any known poison in the body of the 75-year-old.	2
1	Diverse Tactics on the Stump  The question is put to Andy Griffin, a supporter of President Bush from Canton, Ohio, after a Bush rally here. On Election Day, will his vote be for Bush or against Democrat John F. Kerry?	0 1
0	Powell Appeals to Arafat to Step Aside   NEW YORK (Reuters) - Secretary of State Colin Powell  appealed to Palestinian President Yasser Arafat on Thursday to  step aside for the sake of achieving his lifetime goal of a  Palestinian state.	2
1	Bush: Social Security Reform Needed Now  President Bush makes remarks during a White House conference on the economy, Wednesday, Dec. 15, 2004, in Washington. The administration is hoping to build momentum for Bush #39;s ambitious second-term agenda 	0
0	Bush Adviser Rice Tops Forbes List of 100 Most Powerful Women  Aug. 20 (Bloomberg) -- Condoleezza Rice, national security adviser to US President George W. Bush, topped the list in a first ever ranking of the world #39;s most powerful women compiled by Forbes, the magazine reported on its Web site. 	0
1	Bush Promises All Who Most Need Flu Shots Will Get Them  President Bush today defended his administration #39;s efforts to provide the public with an adequate supply of flu vaccine, blaming a production flaw abroad for the shortage and pledging that 	0
0	The Palestinian struggle is greater than Arafat  The Palestinian struggle for freedom and independence is larger than the late President Yasser Arafat. The decades-long symbolism that Arafat embodied should not be underestimated.	2
3	Investors content to stay the course  Investors cheered President George W. Bush #39;s re-election yesterday, but analysts caution that when the cheering stops, investors might refocus on real problems that could still hold back the economy and stocks.	0
1	Nanny problems derail Bush #39;s homeland security hopeful  United States President George W Bush is searching for a new head of homeland security after his nominee withdrew because of tax and immigration problems with his children #39;s nanny.	0
1	I #39;m just fine says Blair after surgery  Tony Blair was back in Downing Street last night after successful treatment for a heart condition, showing that he did not want to be regarded as a lame duck Prime Minister.	3
1	White House Defends Vetting After Kerik Withdrawal  WASHINGTON -- Bush administration officials say they thoroughly vetted homeland security nominee Bernard Kerik and were surprised to learn that he had concerns about a former domestic employee.	0
1	Arafat to Get Funeral in Egypt, Burial in West Bank  Yasser Arafat will get a military funeral in Egypt on Friday before burial in the smashed West Bank compound where he spent his final years encircled by the Israeli army without realizing his dream of a Palestinian state.	2
1	A Free Slaughter Festivity  Ariel Sharon #39;s massacre in the Gaza Strip is nominated for a dragging continuous phase. The reason is not because the short-range Al-Qassam rockets are thumping targets inside the Hebrew State and impeding 	4
0	Bush Seeks to Soothe Canadian Relations (AP)  AP - After years of bickering, President Bush is hoping to soothe relations with Canada when he arrives in Ottawa Tuesday to talk trade and security issues with Prime Minister Paul Martin.	0
0	Sharon Seeks Wider Government to Save Gaza Pullout Plan   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  launched new efforts on Tuesday to widen his shaky coalition  after a stinging setback in parliament that complicated his  plan to withdraw from some occupied territory.	4
0	No Giving In To Iraq Kidnappers: Britain  London, Sept. 23 (NNN): Britain has ruled out negotiations with militants holding a British man in Iraq, after the hostage made a video appeal to Prime Minister Tony Blair to help save his life.	3
0	Hamas to Boycott January Palestinian Election  The radical Palestinian group Hamas says it will boycott next month #39;s election for a successor to the late Palestinian Authority President Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Sharon opens a new era of peace in Middle East  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, addressing an academic conference, said that it is the horrible disaster for both people when one nation is occupied by another.	4
3	US jobless rate lowest in two years  The US economy added 144,000 jobs in August, dropping the unemployment rate to its lowest level in nearly two years and handing George W. Bush fresh ammunition to claim that life is getting better for Americans.	0
0	Editorial : Arafat and Palestine  PALESTINIAN leader Yasser Arafat exited the world stage the same way he entered it more than three decades ago: as a deeply divisive symbol of the Palestinian cause.	2
0	Bush Says He's Best Protection From Draft  DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. - President Bush turned the tables Saturday on Sen...	0
0	Bush's Reserve Resignation Cited 'Inadequate Time' (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush, accused by Democrats of shirking his duty in the Texas Air National Guard during the Vietnam War, wrote that he had "inadequate time" to meet future Reserve commitments in his Nov. 1974 letter of resignation released on Wednesday.	0
0	Candidates Unleash Attacks Over Security (washingtonpost.com)  washingtonpost.com - PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 25 -- President Bush and John F. Kerry unleashed sharp new attacks over national security on Monday, as Kerry called the president incompetent for failing to safeguard deadly explosives in Iraq and Bush accused his challenger of lacking confidence and resolve in moments of crisis.	0 1
0	Arafat #39;s death could bring new chance for peace  Yasser Arafat was in intensive care Saturday in a French hospital, as former US envoys said his death would open up opportunities for peace, especially if pragmatic Palestinian leaders emerge.	2
1	News out of Iraq gives Kerry ammo for debate  President Bush and Sen. John Kerry will meet for Round 2 tonight with Bush under pressure to stop Kerry #39;s momentum and counteract a spate of bad news on Iraq.	0 1
0	Jobs Report, Iraq War Frame Second Debate  ST. LOUIS - President Bush and Sen...	0
0	Kerry Links Iraq War Cost, Domestic Woes  WASHINGTON - Democrat John Kerry links the cost of the Iraq war to problems at home and vows in a new television ad to both "defend America and fight for the middle class."  "200 billion dollars. That's what we are spending in Iraq because George Bush chose to go it alone," Kerry says in the ad, to start airing Monday in 13 competitive states where he is on the air...	1
0	British Prime Minister Prepares for Heart Procedure  British Prime Minister Tony Blair has left home for the hospital. He looked relaxed as he was driven away from his Downing Street residence in London, and he told reporters he feels  quot;fine.	3
0	Questions Surface About Bush Memos  WASHINGTON - Questions are being raised about the authenticity of newly unearthed memos which asserted that George W. Bush ignored a direct order from a superior officer in the Texas Air National Guard and lost his status as a pilot because he failed to meet military performance standards and undergo a required physical exam...	0
1	Fattouhi Is Sworn in as Interim Palestinian Authority President  Rawhi Fattouh, speaker of the Palestinian Legislative Council, was sworn in today at noon as interim president of the Palestinian Authority, hours after Yasser Arafat died in a French hospital.	2
0	U.S. Public Now Evenly Split on Iraq War (AP)  AP - Nine months of chaos and casualties in Iraq since Saddam Hussein's capture have taken a heavy toll on American opinion of President Bush's decision to go to war. Last December, when Saddam was caught, public support for Bush was 2-to-1 in favor. Now the public is evenly divided on whether the war was the right thing to do or whether it was a mistake.	0
0	Bush Folly, Campaign 2004 and the Middle East  The saddest thing about the American election of George Bush is that in the long run it will make the United States irrelevant in all matters save that we have the power to blow the 	0
1	Kerry: Bush dishonest on economy  Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry delivered a populist message to this long-suffering industrial region, visiting a picket line and telling blue-collar workers here 	1
0	Kerry to Go Hunting for Conservative Votes (AP)  AP - John Kerry planned to go hunting Thursday, showing he's a regular guy to voters who might harbor some doubts.	1
0	Bush to give Supreme Court ultra-conservative edge (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush's election victory has won him the right to give the US Supreme Court, which plays a key social role, a much stronger conservative leaning.	0
0	Arafat Relative Attacked, Escapes Unhurt  The Israeli army on Wednesday suspended a platoon commander on suspicion he emptied an ammunition clip into a 13-year-old Palestinian girl, or  quot;verified a kill, quot; after 	2
3	Bush turns eye to tax-law overhaul  Buoyed by a clear-cut election victory, President George W. Bush pledges to make permanent the sweeping tax cuts of his first term and to simplify the nation #39;s tax laws.	0
1	In Arafat #39;s absence  THROUGH THE different stages of his life as chief of Fatah, chairman of the Palestine Liberation Organization, and president of the Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat #39;s one consistent principle has been to keep the reins of power wrapped tightly around 	2
3	Kerry Packer, Stanley Ho Form Asian Casino Venture (Update4)  Kerry Packer, Australia #39;s richest man, bought a stake in Stanley Ho #39;s latest Macau gaming project as Asia #39;s two biggest casino operators team up to expand in the region.	1
0	Downing Street plays down hopes on Middle East as Blair meets Bush  Downing Street moved last night to play down expectations of a dramatic initiative in the search for peace between Israel and the Palestinians when Tony Blair meets George Bush at the White House this evening.	3
1	Bush says Kerry wants  quot;acceptable quot; level of terror  end-quote, and compared it to prostitution and illegal gambling. I couldn #39;t disagree more, quot; Bush. said on Monday, in reference to a comment by Kerry in The New York Times Magazine.	0 1
1	New peace hope in post-Arafat era  ONE OF Yasser Arafat #39;s least-admired roles in the last few years was as the constantly cited excuse for international futility in Middle Eastern peace efforts.	2
1	New video draws tough remarks from Bush, Kerry camps  A new videotape by Osama bin Laden broadcast Friday detailed his reasons for ordering the Sept. 11 attacks and triggered defiant responses from President Bush and Sen. John Kerry on the campaign trail.	0 1
1	Blair has successful heart operation  LONDON - British Prime Minister Tony Blair said he was  quot;absolutely fine quot; following an operation Friday to correct an irregular heartbeat.	3
0	N. Korea Voices Doubt Over Nuclear Talks (AP)  AP - North Korea doesn't expect six-nation talks on its nuclear weapons program to resume anytime soon under a second-term administration of President Bush, a top communist envoy said in a report published Friday.	0
0	Kerry: Bush Lets Groups Do 'Dirty Work'  BOSTON - Sen. John Kerry accused President Bush on Thursday of relying on front groups to challenge his record of valor in Vietnam, asserting, "He wants them to do his dirty work."   Defending his record, the Democratic presidential candidate said, "Thirty years ago, official Navy reports documented my service in Vietnam and awarded me the Silver Star, the Bronze Star and three Purple Hearts."  "Thirty years ago, this was the plain truth...	0 1
0	Arafat Arrives in France for Hospital Treatment  A mysterious ailment has weakened Yasir Arafat and raised concerns that Palestinian politics could be plunged into turmoil.	2
0	AP: U.S. Officials Knew of AIDS Drug Risks (AP)  AP - Weeks before President Bush announced a plan to protect African babies from AIDS, top U.S. health officials were warned that research on the key drug was flawed and may have underreported thousands of severe reactions including deaths, government documents show.	0
1	NR Editors  Twelve days after airing a story that questioned George W. Bush #39;s National Guard service - a story built on forged documents -BS apologized.	0
1	Sharp Rhetoric, Similar Goals  Iraq, the issue most likely to ignite fire in tomorrow #39;s debate, has become the chief symbol of differences between presidential candidates George W. Bush and John F. Kerry.	0
1	Cleland: Slams at Kerry typical of Bush  Former US Sen. Max Cleland defended Democratic presidential candidate Sen. John Kerry from attacks on Kerry #39;s combat record in Vietnam during a visit to Green Bay on Saturday at Veterans Memorial Parkway on Museum Place.	1
3	Asian, European Markets Advance; Oil Up  Stock markets rallied across Europe and Asia, oil prices surged and the US dollar was modestly higher Wednesday as President Bush crept closer to re-election in a tight race for the White House.	0
1	Bush shamefully exploits tragedy  THREE YEARS after 9/11/01, presidential politics is driven by fear of terrorism and war in Iraq. 9/11 represents horrifying failure of America #39;s defense that happened on George Bush #39;s watch.	0
1	US judge rules abortion ban unconstitutional  NEW YORK (AFP) - A federal judge ruled that a ban on a type of late-term abortion violates the US Constitution. The New York judge ruled on a federal ban, signed into law in 2003 by US President George W. Bush (news - web sites).	0
0	Israel #39;s Labour Seals Deal to Join Sharon #39;s Coalition  Israel #39;s opposition Labour party is likely to join Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s coalition next week, a move that could promote his Gaza pullout plan and avoid 	4
0	Arab world abuzz with Arafat poisoning theory  CAIRO, Nov 15 (AFP) - The Arab world is abuzz with suspicions that Yasser Arafat was poisoned, a theory fuelled by the lack of an official report on the cause of death of the veteran Palestinian leader despite a host of denials.	2
0	Bush Says Iran Speeds Output of A-Bomb Fuel  President Bush heightened the administration #39;s pressure on Iran on Saturday by using his first summit meeting since he won re-election to accuse Iran of speeding 	0
0	Qureia Urges U.S. on Palestinian Deadline (AP)  AP - The Palestinian prime minister urged the United States on Friday to stick to its original 2005 deadline for Palestinian statehood, arguing that President Bush's recent proposal to extend it by as much as four years will give Israel time to grab more land in the disputed West Bank.	0
0	Jailed Palestinian reverses decision not to challenge for Arafat <b>...</b>  The Israeli and Palestinian leaderships were in upheaval last night as Ariel Sharon #39;s government faced collapse after the prime minister broke with his main coalition partner, and a popular Palestinian military commander launched a strong challenge from 	2 4
0	Bush, Kerry Prepare for Debate in Fla.  CORAL GABLES, Fla. - After a deluge of campaign speeches and hostile television ads, President Bush and challenger John Kerry will get their chance to face each other directly Thursday night before an audience of tens of millions of voters in a high-stakes debate about terrorism, the Iraq war and the bloody aftermath...	0 1
0	Arafat 'Very Sick,' Palestinian Leaders Summoned   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian President  Yasser Arafat's health has worsened sharply and he is slipping  in and out of consciousness at his besieged West Bank  headquarters, officials and medics said Thursday.	2
0	Sharon Ends West Bank Construction Freeze  JERUSALEM - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has approved the construction of 1,000 more homes in Jewish settlements in the West Bank, officials said Tuesday, violating a U.S.-backed peace plan that calls for a building freeze.    Sharon's aides said they had Washington's tacit approval for the construction, because the houses would be built inside existing settlements that are among the enclaves Israel insists on keeping under any peace settlement with the Palestinians...	4
3	IRS Chief Pleads for Bigger Budget  Commissioner Mark W. Everson asked Congress Thursday to boost the agency's funding by the full  $500 million requested by President Bush, calling it a way to help shave the record deficit.	0
0	Tony Blair  #39;Fine #39; After Heart Treatment  For the second time in a year, British Prime Minister Tony Blair underwent treatment Friday for an irregular heartbeat. Blair was released from London hospital soon after the procedure, and told reporters he was  quot;absolutely fine.	3
0	Outburst hints at battle over Arafat  #39;inheritance #39;  Mocked as the First Lady of Paris, not Palestine, Suha Arafat is the spoiled socialite who swapped the West Bank of the Jordan for the Right Bank of the Seine.	2
1	Rumsfeld to stay on as US defense secretary  US President George W. Bush has asked Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld to remain at the Pentagon and Rumsfeld has agreed, a senior administration officialsaid Friday.	0
1	Sharon vows to step up assault on Gaza strip as death toll rises  Ariel Sharon said yesterday that an assault on the Gaza strip that has claimed more than 60 lives and injured 250 people - the bloodiest of the intifada - will be expanded until it puts an end to Hamas rocket strikes against Israel.	4
0	'Clintonistas' rally behind Kerry's presidential bid (AFP)  AFP - Democratic Senator John Kerry's White House bid has become more combative, more open to reporters and is delivering a more focused message that observers attribute to the influence of some of former president Bill Clinton's campaign gurus.	1
0	Kerry, Bush Campaign After Feisty Debate  ELYRIA, Ohio - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry, their animosity stirred by a contentious second debate, lit into each other over Iraq, jobs and debate performance on Saturday in critical battleground states...	0 1
0	Palestinian prime minister says cause of Arafat #39;s death will be <b>...</b>  PARIS -- The Palestinian prime minister promised Friday to make public the cause of Yasser Arafat #39;s death, as Palestinian leaders dispatched an emissary to Paris to pick up his medical records.	2
0	Judge rules Bush statements pose no threat of jury taint  FORT HOOD, Texas -- A military judge ruled yesterday that statements by President Bush and military leaders about alleged Abu Ghraib abuses do not appear specific enough to taint the jury pool for next month's trial of a reputed ringleader in the case.	0
1	Sharon in stormy debate over pullout plan  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon opened a stormy debate in parliament yesterday with a passionate appeal to lawmakers to support his Gaza withdrawal plan - which has divided the country and weakened his government - as the only way to 	4
0	Bush defends war despite arms report  US President George W. Bush on Thursday defended his decision to go to war against the  quot;unique threat quot; of Iraq, despite an official US report that Baghdad did not have weapons of mass destruction, as a Shiite militia pledged to disarm.	0
0	Middle East ; Arafat could have died of poisoning, PLO official  Middle East News, Ramallah, Dec 12 (IANS) A top Palestinian official has said the late Palestinian president Yasser Arafat could have died of poisoning, but there was  quot;no medical or political proof quot;, reports Xinhua.	2
0	Judge Orders U.S. to Find Bush Records (AP)  AP - A federal judge has ordered the Pentagon to find and make public by next week any unreleased files about President Bush's Vietnam-era Air National Guard service to resolve a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit filed by The Associated Press.	0
0	Poll Says Bush Still Has Edge Over Kerry  WASHINGTON - More voters consider President Bush a strong leader who can do a better job combatting terrorism even though they widely agree that Democratic Sen. John Kerry won the first debate focused solely on foreign policy...	0 1
1	Sharon vows to pursue Gaza offensive  JEBALIYA REFUGEE CAMP, Gaza Strip - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon vowed on Sunday to expand a huge offensive into Gaza that has killed 50 Palestinians until militants stop firing rockets into Israel.	4
0	Reuters Poll: Bush Holds Two-Point Lead Over Kerry (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush holds a slim two-point lead over Democratic rival John Kerry for the second consecutive day in a tight race for the White House, according to a Reuters/Zogby poll released on Saturday.	0 1
1	Bush Hopes Peace Comes to Palestinians  President Bush participates in an Iftaar dinner with Ambassadors and Muslim Leaders in observance of Ramadan in the State Room of the White House, Wednesday, Nov. 10, 2004, in Washington.	0
1	More Participation Not Necessarily a Trend  Record numbers of voters cast ballots this year, attracted by a clash of opposites won by President Bush because his Republican campaign made enough smart moves in critical states 	0
0	Blair Arrives in Sudan to Press for Darfur Peace   KHARTOUM, Sudan (Reuters) - Britain's Tony Blair arrived in  Khartoum Wednesday as the most senior yet in a parade of  Western government figures seeking to pressure Sudanese  officials over violence in Darfur province.	3
1	John Kerry tanks on The Daily Show.  we all but raced to the TiVo to set it on  quot;record. quot; (Not that we ever miss. anyway, but this would be one worth keeping.	1
0	North Korea Says the Tyrant is Bush, not Kim  North Korea says it sees no reason to join a working-level meeting with the United States to prepare for further six-party talks on the communist state #39;s nuclear weapons development.	0
0	Guarded hopes in Israel  Israelis were up at dawn Friday, just to see live television coverage of Yasser Arafat leaving his compound in Ramallah and flying out of the Middle East.	2
0	Sharon says recent events may be turning point in Mideast  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Thursday that the recent events could be a historic turning point for the Middle East, without mentioning the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat.	2 4
0	Hamas Signals Challenge to Unseat Arafat (AP)  AP - Palestinians marked the fourth anniversary of their uprising Tuesday amid signs that the extremist Hamas group is preparing a political challenge to Yasser Arafat despite a series of Israeli military blows at the movement's leadership.	2
0	Kerry and Bush Face Off Over Deficit, War  ST. LOUIS - In a testy debate rematch Friday, Sen...	1
0	Bush to Meet With Italian Premier (AP)  AP - President Bush and Italian Premier Silvio Berlusconi are meeting in Washington next week, the White House announced Friday as the Italian leader's nearly five-year-old trial on corruption charges neared an end.	0
0	U.S. Policies on North Korea Criticized (AP)  AP - The Bush administration's tactics for disarming North Korea are not working, two key U.S. supporters of talks with Pyongyang told Secretary of State Colin Powell this week. But the administration is downplaying a rift with its partners on the sensitive issue  #151; which has been a subject of repeated sparring by President Bush and Democratic opponent John Kerry.	0 1
0	Kerry, Bush Trade Charges in New Mexico (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush and Democratic Sen. John Kerry traded attacks in New Mexico on Monday, with Bush saying Kerry fundamentally misunderstands the war on terror and Kerry charging the president favors the rich and powerful over the middle class.	0 1
0	Delegates, Protesters Descend on New York  NEW YORK - Abortion-rights protesters and the first Republican delegates descended on President Bush's heavily fortified convention city Saturday as campaign officials said their boss would use the nomination spotlight to defend his hawkish foreign polices and offer a second-term agenda for health care, education and job training.   "He believes it's important for a candidate to talk about what he's done and, most important, where he wants to lead," said adviser Karen Hughes, aboard Bush's campaign bus in Ohio...	0
1	Kellogg CEO Carlos Gutierrez Is Nominated To Head Commerce  President Bush began reshaping his economic team for a second term Monday by nominating Carlos M. Gutierrez, the Cuban-born chief executive of the Kellogg cereal company, to 	0
0	U.S. Rules Out Iraq Women Prisoner Release  BAGHDAD, Iraq - Authorities insisted they won't give in to militants' demands to free female Iraqi prisoners despite the broadcast of a videotape that showed a tearful British hostage begging Britain to save his life.    The captive, Kenneth Bigley, appealed to British Prime Minister Tony Blair to intervene...	3
3	Thanks to Snowe, Maine a clear winner  With the help of Republican Senator Olympia Snowe, Maine emerged a clear winner in the corporate tax relief bill signed by President Bush yesterday.	0
0	Bush Plans to Cut Forces in Europe, Asia  SIOUX CITY, Iowa - President Bush has decided to bring home tens of thousands of U.S. troops from posts around the world - most of them in Europe and Asia - plus 100,000 of their family members and support personnel, U.S...	0
0	Bin Laden Videotape Fires Up Bush, Kerry (AP)  AP - John Kerry criticized President Bush on Friday for failing to capture Osama bin Laden as a new videotape of the terrorist leader surfaced just before the election. Bush accused the Democrat of "shameful" second-guessing in the face of threats by America's deadly foe.	0 1
1	Learning from Arafat #39;s legacy  The sudden deterioration in the health of Palestinian President Yasser Arafat reminded the world that he has his place in history in spite of the many attempts by Israel - and especially by 	2
0	Military Documents Contradict Kerry Critic (AP)  AP - Military records appear to contradict claims by a vocal critic of Sen. John Kerry that the Democratic presidential candidate lied about coming under gunfire during a mission in Vietnam, according to The Washington Post.	1
0	Bush, Kerry Looking for Edge in Debate  SANTA FE, N.M. - Running even just 20 days before the election, President Bush and Sen...	0
1	Powell downbeat on Iraq as bomb kills 3  US Secretary of State Colin Powell has admitted the violence in Iraq is worsening, a harsher view of the insurgency than George W. Bush, who said at the weekend the country was making steady progress toward elections.	0
0	Old soldier Arafat is just fading away  The first thing one notices about Yasser Arafat is not his chequered headscarf, folded in the shape of the map of Palestine; not his surprisingly short stature; not even his trembling lips or pale hands.	2
0	Heart Surgery Successful for British PM Blair   LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's Tony Blair underwent  successful heart surgery Friday and returned home following a  surprise vow to serve a record third term and deny rivals power  for five more years.	3
0	Ayoon wa Azan (On Paper)  Yasser Arafat and the Palestinian cause are in intensive care. He might not be suffering from leukemia or any other dangerous disease; however, his health does not allow him to accomplish the work required from him.	2
0	AP: Syria Sees Hope in Bush Re-Election (AP)  AP - Hard-line Syria, sanctioned and criticized by the U.S. administration over the Arab-Israeli conflict and Iraq, says President Bush's new mandate could mean hope for solutions in a troubled Middle East.	0
0	Yasser Arafat Survivor: Palestine.  Over the years, Yasser Arafat was the subject of some pretty bad jokes. When he returned to the Gaza Strip in triumph in 1994 after the PLO signed the Oslo peace accords with Israel, Palestinians 	2
1	Doctors Visit Arafat As His Health Worsens  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat attends a PLO executive committee meeting at his office in the West Bank town of Ramallah, in this Sunday, Aug. 8, 2004 file photo.	2
0	Cheney Echoes Bush's Criticism of Kerry (AP)  AP - Vice President Dick Cheney on Wednesday echoed President Bush's latest sharp challenge of Sen. John Kerry's fitness to serve as commander in chief as the Republican No. 2 basked in approval from GOP supporters cheered by his debate performance.	0 1
0	Bush Ad Surfaces As News Story on Schools (AP)  AP - The Bush administration has promoted its education law with a video that comes across as a news story but fails to make clear the reporter involved was paid with taxpayer money.	0
1	Bush Cites Report in Criticizing Kerry #39;s Health Care Proposals  WASHINGTON, Oct. 14  In criticizing Senator John Kerrys health care proposals, President Bush cited the Lewin report as an authoritative source.	0 1
1	Kerry should denounce ads as Bush did  Now that President Bush has condemned the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth ads along with all other 527s, when is John Kerry going to step up and do the same?	0 1
0	Hamas leader signals it has halted attacks on Israelis  A senior Hamas leader indicated today that the militant group is halting attacks on Israelis while the Palestinians prepare to choose a new leader, the latest sign of change following the death of Yasser Arafat.	2
1	A confident #39; Kerry puts Bush on defensive in first debate  With a successful kickoff debate, Sen. John Kerry, D-Mass., managed to change the dynamic of the presidential campaign and at least temporarily put President Bush on the defensive.	0 1
1	Hundreds of thousands march against Bush, war  As Republicans began converging on the city to renominate a wartime president, the largest protest ever at a political convention 	0
1	 #39;Slime machine #39; blasted  A bitter US election fight over TV ads that claim Democrat John Kerry lied about his Vietnam valour boiled over yesterday with loyal veterans demanding US President George W. Bush stop 	0 1
0	Tehran says it will move forward on uranium enrichment  Presidential candidate John Kerry #39;s plan to provide Iran with the nuclear fuel it wants in exchange for a promise to forgo efforts to enrich the material for the development of weapons of mass destruction was rejected out of hand this weekend by the 	1
0	Arafat dies, Cairo hosts state funeral  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is to be given a state funeral in Cairo and buried in Ramallah. Dina Ezzat reports.  quot;Today I have come bearing an olive branch and a freedom fighter #39;s gun.	2
1	Republicans Say They More Accepted in Hollywood   LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - President Bush is quick to  criticize Hollywood values and Hollywood is quick to bash the  president, but Republicans in the country's liberal filmmaking  capital say they no longer feel like an endangered species.	0
0	Sharon loses non-confidence motions  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s coalition Monday failed to defeat two no-confidence motions. However, he remains in government because the opposition did not muster the 61 votes needed to bring him down.	4
1	Janet thinks Bush used Nipplegate!  The singer believes the US president tried to divert public attention from the war in Iraq.	0
0	House Votes to Overturn New OT Rules  WASHINGTON - A House vote to overturn new Bush administration rules on which workers qualify for overtime pay was hailed by Democrats trying to convince undecided voters they are the party that better protects worker rights.    In a sharp rebuke to President Bush, the House voted 223-193 Thursday to stop the Labor Department from carrying out the new rules...	0
0	Sharon likely to get backing for new coalition  Ariel Sharon, the Israeli Prime Minister, has today made a last-minute appeal for his party to back his plan to bring the main opposition Labour party into a new coalition.	4
0	Bush arrives in Canada for first stage of world charm offensive (Canadian Press)  Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - U.S. President George W. Bush swooped into town Tuesday for a whirlwind visit designed to begin mending international fences in the wake of the Iraq war.	0
1	His prayers for the soldiers  President George W. Bush offered praise and prayers yesterday for US troops fighting in Fallujah, as he and first lady Laura Bush visited an Army hospital to meet with soldiers wounded in Iraq and Afghanistan.	0
0	Arafat #39;s health said improving; confers with PA officials  Palestinian Authority Chairman Yasser Arafat met yesterday for the first time with some of the Palestinian officials who accompanied him to Paris, where he is hospitalized, in what seems to be a clear indication that his health is improving.	2
0	Residents agree there are no easy answers  The death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat early Thursday morning reignited the debate over the future of Israel and the Palestinians worldwide, but even locally residents admitted an answer remains elusive.	2
0	U.S. Military Deaths in Iraq Pass 1,000  BAGHDAD, Iraq - U.S. military deaths in the Iraq campaign passed the 1,000 milestone Tuesday, with more than 800 of them during the stubborn insurgency that flared after the Americans brought down Saddam Hussein and President Bush declared major combat over...	0
0	Arafat Meets With Gaza Critic  A former Palestinian security minister who could be key to keeping order among rival factions in Gaza after an Israeli pullout held a fence-mending meeting Monday with President Yasser Arafat, officials said.	2
0	Bush nominates new energy chief  President Bush nominates top Treasury Department official Sam Bodman to be the next US energy secretary.	0
0	Bush Administration Wishes Arafat Well (AP)  AP - The Bush administration said Thursday it hopes that ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat gets the medical care he needs.	0 2
0	Britain Shocked by Death of Iraq Hostage (Reuters)  Reuters - Washington's closest ally in Iraq was horrified by the beheading of a British hostage there and Prime Minister Tony Blair urged Britons not to let it undermine their support for continued involvement in the country.	3
1	Bush hopes to reclaim New York magic  NEW YORK -- In an election year with a tight, fiercely partisan presidential race, skeptics might wonder why the GOP is having its convention, which starts today, in New York City.	0
1	GOP to reintroduce Bush as right for these challenging times  It may sound strange, after four years of George W. Bush as a candidate and then president, but Republicans say a main goal of their convention that opens Monday is to reintroduce him to the nation.	0
0	Bush, Kerry Resume Post-Debate Campaigns  ELYRIA, Ohio - No longer face to face but just as feisty, President Bush and Sen. John Kerry took their rolling argument on Iraq and the economy to more Midwest battleground states Saturday and chided each other for not being upfront with American voters...	0 1
0	Paper Editorials Weigh in on Kerry Furor (AP)  AP - With a mix of passion and dismay, newspaper editorials are weighing in on the furor over John Kerry's service in Vietnam, with many coming to his defense, a few standing behind his critics and others bemoaning the attention to a 30-year-old war rather than today's problems.	1
0	Blair Recovering After Heart Procedure  LONDON - British Prime Minister Tony Blair reportedly underwent a procedure Friday to correct an irregular heartbeat - a condition that first surfaced a year ago - and was recovering.    Aides refused to say whether the 2 1/2-hour procedure, called a catheter ablation, took place...	3
0	Kerry Vows Zealous U.S. Terror Hunt, Recalls Vietnam (Reuters)  Reuters - Democratic presidential nominee and Vietnam War veteran John Kerry tried to burnish his national security credentials on Saturday by vowing to hunt down terrorists with the same energy he used to pursue the Viet Cong.	1
0	McCain Furiously Courted by Kerry, Bush (AP)  AP - Republican Sen. John McCain is emerging as the bipartisan scold whom neither presidential candidate can get enough of this year.	1
0	N Korea awaits Bush #39;s new-look team  North Korea has made clear that it would not return to six-party talks on its nuclear programs until US President George W Bush assembles his new team and decides on his policy toward it.	0
1	Challenger comes out swinging hard at Bush  he was on the ropes, sagging in polls and caught in what had become a web of his own confused verbiage. But by any measure, Kerry sailed over the bar.	1
0	Kerry Vows Zealous U.S. Terror Hunt, Recalls Vietnam (Reuters)  Reuters - Democratic presidential nominee and Vietnam War veteran John Kerry tried to burnish his national security credentials on Saturday by vowing to hunt down terrorists with the same energy he used to pursue the Viet Cong.	1
0	North Korean Nuclear Issue to Feature at Asia-Pacific Summit  Efforts to get North Korea to scrap its nuclear weapons programs are expected to be high on the agenda when President Bush meets with other Asia-Pacific 	0
0	Tight Budget Has Room for Special Projects (AP)  AP - Despite soaring deficits, the government spending plan awaiting President Bush's signature is chock-full of special items for industries and communities. Consider  #36;443,000 to develop salmon-fortified baby food, or  #36;350,000 for the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.	0
0	Sharon foresees 'year of peace'  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon says 2005 offers a historic opportunity for peace with the Palestinians.	4
1	Bush Raises Questions About CBS Documents (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush questioned the authenticity of documents aired by CBS News that said he received special treatment during his Vietnam-era service in the National Guard, according to a Bush interview published on Saturday.	0
0	France #39;s Chirac hails Arafat as man of courage  French President Jacques Chirac, confirming Yasser Arafat #39;s death, has hailed the Palestinian leader as a man of courage and conviction who embodied the Palestinian struggle for a state.	2
1	PM recovers after heart treatment  The prime minister is recovering in Downing Street after hospital treatment to correct an irregular heartbeat. Tony Blair was discharged on Friday from London #39;s Hammersmith hospital, where he underwent the procedure.	3
1	Bush Determined to Have Iraq Hold Elections on Schedule  President Bush said today that there would be more bloodshed in Iraq before the Jan. 30 elections there, but he vowed that they would go on as scheduled.	0
1	John Kerry will make his adoring anti-war groupies look like fools  One of the more amusing spectacles of these less-than- amusing times is the emergence of a Kerry fan club among European anti-war enthusiasts.	1
1	PNA warns against Israeli threats against Arafat  The Palestinian National Authority(PNA) on Thursday warned the Israeli government not to carry out any action that would hurt Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Cheney Unleashes Stinging Attack on Kerry  NEW YORK - Vice President Dick Cheney unleashed a stinging attack on Sen. John Kerry Wednesday night, ridiculing him as a politician who has made a career out of changing his mind...	1
1	The Life He Left Behind  I wonder if President Bush could look into the eyes of Christopher Reeves family and tell that that its because he values life so deeply that he is preserving clusters of cells 	0
3	US welcomes EU plan to lift trade sanctions  US President George W. Bush #39;s administration welcomed Monday a European plan to lift US trade sanctions imposed over an illegal export tax break scheme.	0
1	Bush jumps the gun  WASHINGTON: President George Bush said  quot;God bless his soul quot; when told by a reporter of unconfirmed reports that Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat had died.	0 2
0	Bush Asks Americans to Volunteer, Give (AP)  AP - President Bush issued a holiday-season call on Americans to volunteer and give to charity  #151; "to share our blessings with the least among us." He singled out for special praise those who have given time and energy to U.S. troops stationed around the world.	0
0	Missing explosives at Al Qaqaa: Bush caught in another Iraq war <b>...</b>  The Bush administrations political fortunes have been dealt a serious blow, only a week before the presidential election, with the revelation October 25 that 400 tons of extremely powerful 	0
1	Pentagon Incompetence or Just More Bush bashing?  A soldier asked Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld, in the Iraqi theater why the troops do not have armored M98HUMMVVVs (Humvees).	0
1	Debating the first debate  Pundits, pollsters and political operatives worked furiously to answer one question after the first debate between President Bush and Sen. John Kerry -- who won?	0 1
0	Bush Promises to Offer Detailed Plans at Convention  Republicans also plan on portraying street demonstrations as Democratic-sanctioned displays of disrespect for a sitting president.	0
1	Johanns Is Bush #39;s Pick For Ag Secretary  Nebraska Gov. Mike Johanns will likely be leaving for Washington to be the next secretary of agriculture. President George W. Bush names Nebraska Gov.	0
0	Bush Frees Secret Service Agent from Chile  <p></p><p>  SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - President Bush Saturdayreached into a throng of squabbling bodyguards and pulled aSecret Service agent away from Chilean security officers afterthey stopped the U.S. agent from accompanying the president ata dinner.</p>	0
0	Palestinians call for peace talks  Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qurei has called for a speedy resumption of peace efforts with Israel, a day after Yasser Arafat #39;s burial in Ramallah.	2
1	Kerry lambastes Bush over  #39;failures #39; in Iraq  WASHINGTON - The Iraq war moved front and center in the presidential campaign on Monday as John Kerry delivered a blistering critique of President Bush #39;s Iraq policy, accusing him of  quot;colossal failures of judgment quot; that had undermined American security.	0 1
1	Bush To Declare Victory  Washington -- Aides to President Bush say they #39;re not going to wait for John Kerry to give up before declaring victory. They say the president is nearing declaring himself the winner of four more years at the White House.	0 1
3	Stock Market Spoilers Could Show Up Soon   NEW YORK (Reuters) - Everybody was ready to party on Wall  Street after George W. Bush's election win.	0
0	Bush to Host Iraqi Leader at White House (AP)  AP - President Bush will host Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi at the White House next week after two days of heavy diplomacy at the United Nations.	0
1	CBS Producer on Thin Ice After Guard Story (AP)  AP - The fallout from CBS's doomed story about President Bush's National Guard service most endangers a woman few viewers know but who played a key role in two of the biggest television stories of the year.	0
0	Palestinian Leaders Decide on Law-And-Order Plan   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian leaders decided  in the absence of President Yasser Arafat on Sunday to carry  out a plan to restore law and order in the West Bank and Gaza,  a government minister said.	2
0	Kerry Campaign Adds Veteran Strategists (AP)  AP - John Kerry is adding some of the Democratic Party's most experienced strategists to his team for the stretch drive against President Bush, including hometown allies from Boston and top advisers of former President Clinton.	0 1
1	Bush visit to forge new US-European understanding  BRUSSELS - US President George W. Bush #39;s planned visit to Europe represented an opportunity to forge a new understanding in transatlantic relations, German Foreign Minister Joschka Fischer said.	0
1	Kerry stumps at churches; Bush ad blasts rival on terror  President Bush #39;s campaign intensified criticism of Sen. John Kerry #39;s views of the war on terrorism Sunday and the Democratic challenger fought back forcefully as 	0 1
1	Kerry to hunt for male US votes as Bush courts Catholics  YOUNGSTOWN, United States (AFP) - US Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry will switch to macho politics when he makes an atypical hunting trip to rural Ohio in a bid to woo traditionalist male voters, while President George W. Bush courts 	0 1
0	GOP Want Bush to Turn Attention From Iraq  NEW YORK - Nervous Republicans are urging President Bush to unveil a robust second-term agenda at his convention next week to shift voters' focus from the unpopular war in Iraq and other issues that are a distraction to his re-election drive. Some contend the party should ditch the GOP-fueled controversy over rival John Kerry's combat record in Vietnam...	0 1
0	Blair and Chirac in London talks  Tony Blair and Jacques Chirac will hold talks on Thursday after a period of cool relations between Britain and France.	3
0	Sharon to Hold Tense Meeting With Settlers  JERUSALEM - After more than a year of avoiding Jewish settlers, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has decided to directly confront his former supporters in a meeting about his contentious plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip and part of the West Bank.    Sharon invited settler leaders to meet with him in Jerusalem on Sunday, just a week before he presents his "disengagement" plan to parliament...	4
1	Clinton stumps for Kerry  A smiling, energetic former President Clinton campaigned for Democratic Sen. John Kerry on Monday just seven weeks after undergoing heart surgery, telling a cheering crowd 	1
0	Anti-Bush Protestors Heckle Broadway Theatergoers (Reuters)  Reuters - Dozens of demonstrators heckled and jeered Broadway theatergoers on Sunday, seeking confrontations with Republican delegates who arrived in New York City to back President Bush's reelection bid.	0
1	Palestinian prime minister says cause of Arafat #39;s death will be <b>...</b>  PARIS -- The Palestinian prime minister promised Friday to make public the cause of Yasser Arafat #39;s death, as Palestinian leaders dispatched an emissary to Paris to pick up his medical records.	2
1	Bush says Blair understands stakes in Iraq  JANESVILLE: US President George W Bush said he had spoken by telephone with British Prime Minister Tony Blair on Friday and that they shared an unyielding approach to extremists in war-torn Iraq.	0 3
1	Blair denies he led Britain to war with false justification  Prime Minister Tony Blair on Wednesday denied leading Britain into war on a false prospectus, despite intelligence on the threat posed by Iraq being wrong.	3
1	Bush lifts sanctions on Libya  WASHINGTON President Bush yesterday signed an executive order lifting sanctions against Libya, rewarding the country for agreeing to dismantle its weapons programs.	0
0	CBS Defends Report on Bush Guard Memos  WASHINGTON - CBS News mounted an aggressive defense Friday of its report about President Bush's service in the Air National Guard, with anchor Dan Rather saying broadcast memos questioned by forensic experts came from "what we consider to be solid sources."   On Friday's "CBS Evening News," Rather said that "no definitive evidence" has emerged to prove the documents are forgeries. "If any definitive evidence comes up, we will report it," Rather said...	0
0	Sharon #39;s Party Bars Bid for Coalition on Gaza Plan  TEL AVIV (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Likud party voted on Wednesday to bar him from forming a coalition with the Labour opposition, an embarrassing blow that complicates his plan to withdraw from occupied Gaza. 	4
0	Sharon Rebuffs Netanyahu Bid for Gaza Pullout Vote   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  on Tuesday rejected a call from Benjamin Netanyahu, his main  rival in the Likud party, to put his Gaza withdrawal plan to a  referendum and vowed to carry it out on schedule.	4
0	Israeli Coalition on Verge of Collapse Over Budget   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's  coalition reeled toward collapse on Wednesday over a budget  vote likely to force him to remake his government or call  elections that would imperil his Gaza withdrawal plan.	4
0	Italy, Britain committed to Iraqi peace, two leaders say  ROME, Aug. 17 (Xinhuanet) -- Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi and British Prime Minister Tony Blair said Tuesday the two countries were committed to ensuring a peaceful future to the Iraqi people and defending their holy shrines, according to the ...	3
0	Treasury Secretary Snow Gets to Keep Job (AP)  AP - Treasury Secretary John Snow has been a loyal and steadfast salesman for President Bush's economic policies on Main Street and on Wall Street, and he has smoothed once strained relations on Capitol Hill.	0
3	Kerry attacks Bush overtime changes  The Bush administration #39;s new overtime rules went into effect on Monday, but the Kerry campaign has already begun attacking the regulations, saying they will hurt millions of American workers.	0 1
1	Hamas to Boycott Palestinian Presidential Vote  The Palestinian Islamic militant group Hamas said on Wednesday it would boycott a Jan. 9 presidential election for a successor to Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Arafat, Musharraf shake logjam  Although the veteran Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat and President Pervez Musharraf of Pakistan have little in common, their recent moves have given a jolt to two long frozen conflicts -- the Israeli-Palestinian imbroglio and the Indo-Pakistan struggle 	2
3	Officials: Name new leader of PACCOM  Some lawmakers want President Bush to move quickly to find a new nominee to lead US Pacific Command after Air Force Gen. Gregory Martin withdrew his name from consideration.	0
0	Bush Mocks Kerry's Leadership Credentials  KING OF PRUSSIA, Pa. - President Bush mocked John Kerry's fitness to be commander in chief Wednesday, saying the way to bring U.S...	0 1
0	Osama Bin Laden Criticizes President Bush in New Video  Al-Qaida terrorist leader Osama bin-Laden has threatened new attacks on the United States in a new videotape aired on al-Jazeera television.	0
1	Blair Presses for  $150M in Aid for Darfur  At a conference to discuss Africa #39;s future, British Prime Minister Tony Blair pressed the international community to raise  $150 million to help people caught up by violence in Sudan #39;s western Darfur region.	3
1	Zarqawi steers media, targets Blair over hostage  In grinding out the agony of British hostage Kenneth Bigley in Iraq, his captors have shown media skill and chilling political calculation to exert maximum pressure on Prime Minister Tony Blair.	3
1	Polls give senator a narrow lead  WASHINGTON (AFP) - Snap polls taken after the second US presidential election debate late Friday said Sen. John Kerry narrowly beat President George W. Bush.	0 1
3	EU to Lift Sanctions as Bush Signs Law Repealing Tax Breaks  The European Union will lift sanctions on US imports after President George W. Bush signed a law replacing an illegal export tax subsidy with a  $145 billion package of new corporate tax cuts and a buyout for tobacco farmers.	0
1	US, Pakistan remain committed to fighting terrorism  US President George W. Bush held talks Saturday morning with visiting Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf, focusing on continued commitment to fighting terrorism.	0
1	Bush backs Annan, says envoy  John Danforth, the outgoing US ambassador to the United Nations, said on Thursday that the Bush administration re-tained its confidence in Kofi Annan, the UN secretary-general 	0
0	British troops in Iraq head north on risky mission (AFP)  AFP - A battle group of British troops rolled out of southern Iraq on a US-requested mission to deadlier areas near Baghdad, in a major political gamble for British Prime Minister Tony Blair.	3
0	President Prays at Menorah Lighting (AP)  AP - At a menorah-lighting ceremony Thursday on the third night of Hanukkah, President Bush prayed for the safety and quick return of U.S. soldiers serving in Iraq.	0
0	Kerry launches new attack on Bush's Iraq policies (AFP)  AFP - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry was set to step up attacks on George W. Bush's handling of the Iraq war, as the president prepared to go to the United Nations to unveil new proposals help rebuild the country.	0 1
0	Kerry Says Bush Plan Could Lead to Draft  There is a "great potential of a draft" to replenish U.S. forces in Iraq if President Bush wins a second term, Democratic challenger John Kerry said on a campaign stop in Iowa...	0 1
0	Blair Says Britain Would Respond to Bigley's Captors (Reuters)  Reuters - Prime Minister Tony Blair said on Wednesday Britain would respond to the captors of hostage Kenneth Bigley, being held in Iraq, if they made contact with his government.	3
0	Bush wants proof from Iran  President Bush yesterday called for independent verification of Iran #39;s claim that it has stopped enriching uranium that could be used in the development of a nuclear weapon.	0
1	Official: No evidence Arafat was poisoned  Ramallah, West Bank -- A top Palestinian official said Saturday there is no evidence that Israel poisoned Yasser Arafat, but he called for an investigation into the cause of death of the Palestinian leader.	2
0	Two GOP leaders attack Iraq policy  WASHINGTON -- Two leading Republican legislators yesterday attacked the Bush administration's approach to rebuilding Iraq, in one of the strongest indictments of the administration's Iraq policy from members of President Bush's party.	0
0	Chinese President congratulates Bush:  World News: Beijing, Nov 4 : Chinese President Hu Jintao today congratulated US President George W Bush on his re-election, expressing his wish to work together to enhance relations between the two countries.	0
0	FACTBOX-Speakers at Republican National Convention (Reuters)  Reuters - Following are brief profiles of the main speakers at the Republican National Convention here from Aug. 30-Sept. 2, where President Bush will accept his party's nomination to run for re-election:	0
1	Sharansky finds Bush White House  WASHINGTON, Dec. 14 (JTA) - Listening attentively to Condoleezza Rice describe President Bushs vision of Middle East peace, more than a few of the 14 Jews gathered at the White House felt a sense of deja vu.	0
0	Palestinian unrest about Arafat puts Lebanon on alert  The Israeli Air Force scrambled several jets last week, fearing possible attacks from Palestinians upset by Yasser Arafat #39;s condition.	2
1	Between chaos and progress  The epic script of the Middle East conflict could have had Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, kaffiyeh-clad and armed, emerge from his junkyard compound as a born-again peacemaker or guns blazing in martyrdom.	2
0	China does not endorses Qian Qichen #39;s criticism of Bush  Beijing (AsiaNews/ Agencies) - China did not endorse stinging criticism of US President George W. Bush #39;s foreign policy published by a state newspaper, but called for a more multilateral approach to fighting terrorism and other global ills.	0
0	Arafat could have died of poisoning, PLO official:  World News: Ramallah, Dec 12 : A top Palestinian official has said the late Palestinian president Yasser Arafat could have died of poisoning, but there was  quot;no medical or political proof quot;, reports Xinhua.	2
0	Kerry Addresses Remark on Cheney Daughter (AP)  AP - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry said Friday that his reference to Vice President Dick Cheney's daughter being a lesbian was meant as a "constructive comment."	1
1	Kerry, Bush Remain Tied at 45 Percent in Reuters/Zogby Poll  President George W. Bush and Senator John Kerry remain tied in the Reuters/Zogby daily tracking poll of likely voters. Surveys by the Washington Post and CBS News/New York Times show the race a statistical tie.	0 1
1	Bush Signs  $136B Corporate Tax Cut Bill  President Bush delivers a speech during a rally in the Wacovia Arena at Casey Plaza in Wilkes-barre, Pa., Friday, Oct. 22, 2004. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster).	0
0	Police defuse bomb after Blair #39;s visit  Police have defused a bomb near the Sardinian holiday home of Silvio Berlusconi, the Italian prime minister, just hours after a visit by Tony Blair. 	3
0	Israel hopes to work with more moderate Palestinian leadership  BEIJING (AFP) - Israeli Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom expressed hope Monday that a more moderate Palestinian leadership would emerge if Yasser Arafat dies, and said his government would be waiting to work with it.	2
1	Fate of Arafat: Murky Stories Grip the Air  Pakistan Times Executive Editor with PT Foreign Correspondent Fuad Rajab in Gaza City. PARIS (France): Palestinians at home and elsew here got upset by mystification of deviating stories about 	2
0	Israeli MPs Reject Sharon Speech on Gaza Pullout (Reuters)  Reuters - Israel's parliament on Monday voted to reject a session-opening speech by Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, dealing a symbolic setback to his disputed plan to withdraw from some occupied territory.	4
0	Sharon faces Netanyahu challenge  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has received a surprise challenge to his plan to expedite a pullout from Gaza after Benjamin Netanyahu, his main rival in the Likud party, called for a referendum on the issue.	4
1	Candidates Split on Stem Cells, Environment  President Bush defended restrictions on stem-cell research on Wednesday and reaffirmed support for nuclear-arms development, but Democratic challenger John Kerry accused Bush of putting ideology over science.	0 1
1	Edwards Tells Leno Theory on Bush 'Lump' (AP)  AP - John Edwards has a theory about what was hidden underneath an unusual wrinkle that appeared on the back of President Bush's suit jacket during his first debate with John Kerry.	0 1
1	Ginsberg Quits Bush Campaign After Work With Veterans (Update8)  An election lawyer for President George W. Bush #39;s campaign resigned, a day after disclosing he advised a Vietnam veterans #39; group running commercials that attack Democratic challenger John Kerry.	0 1
1	Bush, Kerry rush back to the campaign trail  President George W Bush yesterday ripped into Senator John Kerry on Iraq, taking a more aggressive approach than he had in the previous night #39;s debate as both candidates rushed back to the campaign trail to put their own 	1
1	Wall Street surges as Kerry concedes in tight White House race  NEW YORK : Wall Street shares roared higher as investors reacted to news that President George W. Bush had secured a re-election victory after a tight race.	0 1
0	Kerry Ad Says Bush Lost Debate, Then Lied  WASHINGTON - John Kerry on Saturday looked to frame the next presidential debate in a specriticizing President Bush's economic record, but also tried to get in a final word about their last face-off by declaring himself the winner and Bush a liar. "George Bush lost the debate," an announcer says in a television ad Kerry's campaign unveiled Saturday...	0 1
1	Bush warns Iran on nuclear activities  Santiago: US President George W Bush sharply warned Iran about reports that the Islamic republic has accelerated production of uranium material that could be used to make nuclear weapons.	0
0	Israeli Coalition Crisis May Force Early Election   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's  shaky coalition Tuesday faced collapse in a row over the 2005  budget, raising the prospect of early elections that would  endanger his plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip.	4
1	Arafat still critical as Palestinians prepare for power transfer  RAMALLAH, West Bank: Palestinians were planning Sunday for a smooth transfer of power in the event of Yasser Arafat #39;s death at a series of high-level political and security meetings while the veteran leader battled for life in a French hospital.	2
0	Israeli MPs Vote Historic Exit from Gaza  The Israeli parliament is set for a historic vote on whether to withdraw from Gaza Strip after 37 years of occupation. The proposal of the withdrawal was made Monday in the Israeli Parliament by Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, causing heated debates.	4
0	Kerry Asks FEC for Recount Advice (AP)  AP - Election Day is several weeks away, but Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry's campaign is already considering its fund-raising options should Kerry or President Bush pursue a recount like the famous Florida ballot dispute in 2000.	0 1
0	Presidential Candidates Hit Midwest  CANONSBURG, Pa. - Democrat John Kerry opened his packed Labor Day schedule in battleground states Monday with talk of jobs, criticizing the Bush administration for doing little to help workers in a tough economy...	1
0	Palestinians Meet Amid Reports of Arafat #39;s Declining Health  Senior Palestinian officials convened meetings in the West Bank today in response to conflicting reports over the declining health of Palestinian leader Yasir Arafat, who has been in a 	2
0	Israel silent on Arafat #39;s right to return  Israeli officials says Ariel Sharon has agreed to allow Yasir Arafat to be flown abroad for medical treatment but failed to give any assurances of allowing the Palestinian leader to return.	2 4
1	Colorado Judge Puts Nader on the Ballot  A judge ruled on Friday that independent presidential candidate Ralph Nader has the right to be on the ballot in Colorado in November, a move that could help President Bush in a state considered too close to call.	0
0	Israel #39;s Knesset Approves Gaza Withdrawal  After two days of discussion, the Knesset approved Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s withdrawal plan yesterday. The plan envisages the Israeli army #39;s withdrawal from the Gaza Strip and four settlements in the West Bank.	4
1	Kerry, Bush Head for Swing States After Debate  President Bush and Democratic challenger Sen. John Kerry headed for key swing states on Friday after a combative Florida debate brought the Iraq war into the campaign spotlight.	0 1
1	Tests Continue on Arafat  Yasser Arafat spent Sunday talking to colleagues in the West Bank, reading telegrams from well-wishing world leaders and sipping tea.	2
0	Israeli Court Upholds Decision on Sharon (AP)  AP - Israel's Supreme Court on Thursday upheld the attorney general's decision to clear Prime Minister Ariel Sharon in a corruption case, Israel Radio reported.	4
1	Brown told: you #39;re still on course for top job  Gordon Brown is still on course to become Prime Minister after the next election, friends of Tony Blair said last night, as frantic efforts were under way to patch up a potentially explosive rift between the two men.	3
0	Arafat is still in charge:Minister  RAMALLAH: Ministers insisted on Monday there was no vacancy at the top of the Palestinian Authority as they held their first cabinet meeting since Yasser Arafat left for life-saving treatment in France.	2
0	Bush, Aides Court Jewish Votes in Tight Race (Reuters)  Reuters - A speech by President Bush's national security adviser to a powerful pro-Israel lobbying group in Florida eight days before the election caps a concerted Republican drive for Jewish votes that has so far yielded minimal results.	0
1	President looks for support on economic issues  President Bush vowed Wednesday to push through Congress economic proposals from his re-election campaign, including what supporters call lawsuit reform.	0
0	Israel blocking Arafat burial in Jerusalem  Jerusalem - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has reaffirmed that he would block moves to bury Yasser Arafat in Jerusalem, public radio reported Thursday as medical sources said the Palestinian leader was clinically dead.	2 4
1	Rell against proposed amendment banning gay marriage  HARTFORD, Conn. -- She vows to work hard to get President Bush re-elected this fall, but Republican Gov. M. Jodi Rell is breaking from the GOP ranks in opposing a proposed constitutional amendment that would ban gay marriage.	0
0	Blair cabinet to consider Iraq troop decision  Prime Minister Tony Blair will convene top cabinet ministers today with a US request for British troops to be sent to more dangerous areas in Iraq sure to top the agenda and a positive response likely.	3
3	Why Bush is teetering  Although polls say otherwise, George W. Bush remains the underdog in this election. Both demographics and history suggest the president #39;s lead is perilous.	0
1	Israel OKs compensation for Gaza settlers  JERUSALEM -- The Israeli Cabinet on Sunday approved legislation to pay compensation to settlers uprooted by Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Gaza withdrawal plan.	4
0	Actor Fox Appears in Kerry Campaign Ad  NEW YORK - Actor Michael J. Fox is returning to TV - in a commercial praising Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry for his stance on stem cell research...	1
0	Arafat Urges Palestinians to 'Correct Mistakes' (Reuters)  Reuters - Palestinian President Yasser Arafat, under pressure to enact anti-corruption reforms, said on Wednesday that some officials had misused their posts and urged efforts to correct "all the mistakes."	2
1	Miller to remain Bush state chair despite ethics breach  US Rep. Candice Miller says she will continue to head President Bush #39;s Michigan campaign despite the House ethics committee #39;s admonishment of her for improperly pressuring a Michigan colleague to vote for Medicare drug legislation.	0
1	UN chief calls Iraq war illegal  UNITED NATIONS, New York The decision by President George W. Bush to go to war in Iraq was  quot;illegal quot; because it didn #39;t have UN Security Council approval, according to Secretary General Kofi Annan.	0
0	Heinz Kerry Bashes Health Care Plan Foes (AP)  AP - Teresa Heinz Kerry says "only an idiot" would fail to support the health care plan proposed by her husband, Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry.	1
0	Jailed Palestinian to Run for President (AP)  AP - Marwan Barghouti, a leader of the Palestinian uprising jailed by Israel but perhaps the strongest candidate to oust Yasser Arafat's old guard of politicians, plans to run in upcoming presidential elections, a person close to Barghouti said Saturday.	2
0	Spending Presidential Capital on Middle East Peace  Standing beside British Prime Minister Tony Blair last week at the White House on the day Yasser Arafat was buried, President Bush vowed that he would spend the  quot;capital of the United States quot; over the next four years in pursuit of a  quot;democratic 	0 2 3
0	French hospital denies reports  PARIS - A hospital official in France on Thursday denied reports that Yasser Arafat had died as the result of an undisclosed illness.	2
0	Senators Urge Bush to Rethink Iraq Policy  WASHINGTON - Senators from both parties urged the Bush administration on Sunday to make a realistic assessment of the situation in Iraq and adjust its policies aimed at pacifying the country. But Bush readied a firm defense of his Iraq policy - and a sharp new attack on rival John Kerry's stance - for a speech Monday...	0 1
1	WINNERS/LOSERS  Jeb Bush. The Florida governor #39;s state came through for his older brother. Floridians preferred President Bush to Sen. John F. Kerry (D-Mass.	0
3	Speculation Grows on Early Exit by Snow   WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Expectations that U.S. Treasury  Secretary John Snow would survive President Bush's Cabinet  make-over for at least six months are rapidly yielding to a  belief he may make a hastier exit, people close to the Bush  administration said on Thursday.	0
1	Sharon repudiates peace  #39;road map #39;  Ariel Sharon, the Israeli prime minister, has admitted for the first time that his government does not intend to honour the American-backed  quot;road map quot; to peace.	4
1	US Judge Halts War-Crime Trial at Guantnamo  A federal judge ruled Monday that President Bush had both overstepped his constitutional bounds and improperly brushed aside the Geneva Conventions in establishing 	0
0	Israel's Labour Opens Way for Alliance with Sharon   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's opposition Labour party said  on Sunday it had no preconditions for joining with Prime  Minister Ariel Sharon, paving the way for a broad new  government to push through his Gaza withdrawal plan.	4
1	Bush, Kerry campaigns swamp Ohio in search of decisive votes  Nic Cochran is 16 years old, but he has already learned one of the basic truths of politics. Beyond the countless stump speeches and spin, elections are won or lost on Election Day.	1
3	European Union to lift sanctions against United States  BRUSSELS (Belgium): The European Union will lift sanctions against the United States now that US President George W. Bush has signed a law reforming corporate tax breaks deemed illegal by the World Trade Organisation, the EU executive commission said 	0
0	Kerry Campaign Adds Veteran Strategists (AP)  AP - John Kerry is adding some of the Democratic Party's most experienced strategists to his team for the stretch drive against President Bush, including hometown allies from Boston and top advisers of former President Clinton.	0 1
0	Iran has said it has frozen uranium enrichment programs  WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- President Bush said Monday he wants to verify if Iran has indeed suspended its nuclear fuel program as it has said it has done.	0
1	Latest presidential polls vary widely  Two new national polls are giving widely divergent views as to whether President Bush #39;s post-convention bounce has solidified or evaporated.	0
0	Bush Touts U.S.-Backed Anti-Drug Efforts  President Bush aims to highlight the benefits of American drug-fighting aid in Colombia and boost a conservative Latin American leader with a brief, security-laden stop in the Andean nation.	0
0	Hopes rest on issue of leadership  PALESTINIAN leaders stepping into the power vacuum left by the death of Yasser Arafat face one of the most daunting challenges in their people #39;s troubled history.	2
1	BUSH BOUNDS TO 5-PT. LEAD IN POLL TAKEN  #39;PRE-OSAMA #39;  President Bush jumped to a 5-point nationwide lead in a Fox News poll out yesterday amid growing - but very cautious -ptimism among Republicans 	0
1	Kerry Accuses Bush of Cronyism in Gov #39;t Contracts  Democrat John Kerry charged President Bush #39;s administration on Friday with rewarding politically connected companies with huge defense contracts and then  quot;turning 	0 1
0	Iraqi Leader: Election Won't Be Delayed  Meeting with President Bush, the Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi pledged Thursday that Iraq's elections would take place in January despite escalating violence.	0
1	Russ Smith  IN THE EVENT John Kerry is elected president on Nov. 2or in the weeks to followit may not be immediately revealed which one of his countless advisers suggested he allude to Mary Cheney #39;s homosexuality in the final debate a week ago.	1
1	Key is if voters see link between Iraq war, terror  WASHINGTON - The presidential debate Thursday night gives John Kerry a chance to turn national angst about the war in Iraq into a turning point in the campaign.	1
1	Kerry, Bush clash over Iraq war  US Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry and President George W Bush have used the traditional Labor Day holiday to step up their campaigning.	0 1
0	Bush speech to favor security over domestic policy (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush was to highlight his war on terrorism credentials as he accepted his party's nomination for a new term in a speech expected to be poor in bold new domestic policy ideas.	0
0	Russian school attack offers difficult lessons to learn  President Bush was quick to express solidarity with the Russian people last week after the terrorist attack on a Russian school that left more than 330 dead.	0
0	Cheney Says Report Finding No Illicit Arms in Iraq Justifies War  The vice president asserted that a report by the chief U.S. arms inspector in Iraq justified rather than undermined President Bush's decision to go to war.	0
1	Britain #39;s crime, terrorism chief steps down from Blair #39;s Cabinet  Britain #39;s top law-enforcement officer, a key member of Tony Blair #39;s Cabinet, resigned yesterday after acknowledging that his department fast-tracked a visa for his former lover #39;s nanny.	3
0	No-Confidence Vote Planned Against Palestinian PM   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Lawmakers angered by the  Palestinian leadership's failure to make reforms plan to force  a parliamentary no-confidence vote that could bring down the  government appointed by Yasser Arafat, legislators said.	2
1	Why I #39;d nix Gonzales as top attorney  Democrats who want to fight Alberto Gonzales #39; nomination for attorney general will do so for the wrong reason. They #39;ll focus on his memos arguing that President Bush isn #39;t covered by inconvenient 	0
0	Poll Says Bush Still Has Edge Over Kerry  WASHINGTON - More voters consider President Bush a strong leader who can do a better job combatting terrorism even though they widely agree that Democratic Sen. John Kerry won the first debate focused solely on foreign policy...	0 1
1	Bush, Kerry hit political battlegrounds  The presidential candidates are hitting big political battlegrounds again today, with President Bush on his second bus trip in Florida in four days and John Kerry visiting three contested states.	0 1
1	Unguarded on Gaza  EXPLANATIONS ABOUT the intent of Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Gaza withdrawal plan given by a senior adviser have stirred up suspicions about that plan in dovish quarters.	4
1	POLITICAL POINTS  9.23 12:20 PM All About Allawi  epublicans quickly seized on today #39;s Congressional address by Prime Minister Ayad Allawi of Iraq as irrefutable evidence that the invasion of his country was justified and that Bush administration 	0
0	Canada to boost defence and security commitments during Bush visit (Canadian Press)  Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Canada may eventually agree to send soldiers to train Iraqi military officers but it won't make any commitments when U.S. President George W. Bush visits the capital on Tuesday.	0
1	Bush warns Iran, Syria not to meddle in Iraq #39;s affairs   quot;We will continue to make it clear, to both Syria and Iran that... meddling in the internal affairs of Iraq is not in their interest, quot; Bush said as he met with Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi.	0
1	Bush: Kerry Suffering from  quot;Election Amnesia quot;  October 23, 2004 - President Bush says when it comes it comes to Iraq, John Kerry #39;s suffering from  quot;election amnesia. quot;.	0 1
1	Kerry Vows to Press on with Agenda in Senate  John Kerry returned to the US Capitol on Tuesday, vowed to fight on in the Senate for the changes sought by supporters of his failed US presidential bid and did not rule out another White House run.	1
0	Arafat #39;s health reportedly deteriorating  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s health reportedly deteriorated Wednesday night, the BBC reported. Arafat has been under treatment at a Paris military hospital for an undisclosed 	2
1	Bush #39;s Second-Term Agenda May Widen Partisan Divide  President Bush, declaring victory in the 2004 election, sketched out a second-term agenda on Wednesday even supporters conceded would be tough to achieve 	0
1	Blair under party #39;s Iraq spotlight  British Prime Minister Tony Blair is once again being dogged by events in Iraq as he faces the last conference of his Labour Party before next spring #39;s expected national elections.	3
1	Bush to Replace Treasury #39;s Snow -NY Times  President Bush plans to replace John Snow as US Treasury Secretary and possible successors include Andrew Card, currently the White House chief of staff, the New York Times reported Monday.	0
0	Florida Starts Massive Hurricane Cleanup  PUNTA GORDA, Fla. - Residents left homeless by Hurricane Charley's 145 mph winds dug through their ravaged homes on Sunday, sweeping up shattered glass and rescuing what they could as President Bush promised rapid delivery of disaster aid...	0
3	EU suspends US export sanctions  The European Union is to suspend sanctions on US imports worth  $4bn after President Bush signed a bill removing illegal export subsidies.	0
0	Media Consolidation Seen on Menu in Election (Reuters)  Reuters - Media and telecommunications mergers would likely face greater scrutiny by the U.S. Federal Communications Commission if Sen. John Kerry wins next week's presidential election, industry analysts and lobbyists say.	1
0	Blair faces Labour wrath over Iraq  Prime Minister Tony Blair was set to face the anger of rank and file members of his Labour Party over the Iraq war on Thursday, as party officials tried to head off a motion calling for British troops to quit the country.	3
1	Israeli Troops Kill 14 Palestinians, Sharon Asks for Gaza Plan <b>...</b>  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has formally asked parliament to approve his Gaza withdrawal plan, saying it will strengthen Israel and will move the Jewish state forward  quot;on the road to peace.	4
0	Bush, Kerry to Campaign in N.M., Fla. (AP)  AP - President Bush and John Kerry switched places Sunday, the president campaigning in New Mexico where Kerry was the day before and the Democratic senator taking Bush's place in Florida.	0 1
0	Sharon, with Party Backing, Invites Labour Into Govt   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  on Friday invited the opposition Labour Party to begin talks to  form a unity government, a move that would avoid early  elections and pave the way for a withdrawal from Gaza.	4
1	US election at-a-glance  BBC News Online presents an at-a-glance guide to the US election this week. President Bush and John Kerry traded barbs over Iraq at the second presidential debate, on 8 October.	0 1
1	COMMENT: Democrats have no right to whine: They started it  For months, the big media and Democratic politicians have hammered on President George W. Bush and his service in the National Guard, suggesting it was less than honorable.	0
0	Thousands greet coffin of Arafat  RAMALLAH, West Bank - Yasser Arafat was buried Friday in the place where he spent his last years as a prisoner, buried in a huge and chaotic outpouring of grief for the man who embodied the Palestinian people #39;s dream of statehood.	2
3	Markets rise as oil costs decline  Wall Street bounded higher for the second straight day yesterday as investors reveled in sharply falling oil prices and the pro-business agenda of the second Bush administration.	0
1	Kerry courts women; Bush ad warns of terrorist  quot;wolves quot;  MILWAUKEE, United States : John Kerry sought to shore up lagging support among women while a new Republican television spot warned that a vote for the presidential challenger would invite attack by terrorist  quot;wolves.	0 1
1	Bush says we wont wait for terror attacks  WILKES-BARRE, Pennsylvania:A defiant President George W. Bush Wednesday fiercely defended the invasion of Iraq as a key part of the global war on terrorism he launched after the September 11, 2001 strikes.	0
0	Palestinian Leader Asks Militants to Halt Attacks   GAZA (Reuters) - Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas urged  militant groups on Tuesday to help with an orderly succession  to Yasser Arafat, as Israel talked of possible coordination  with Palestinians on its Gaza pullout plan.	2
0	Burial preparations in Ramallah underway  Yasser Arafat, who suffered a brain haemorrhage at a Paris hospital, was in a deep coma, when a top Muslim cleric has rushed to his bedside.	2
0	Kerry Courts Jews With Hebrew Stickers (AP)  AP - John Kerry boasts of flying an Israeli jet and calls out in Hebrew during Florida campaign stops, trying to keep the state's large Jewish population from straying to President Bush.	0 1
0	Doctors confirm Arafat has gallstone  RAMALLAH, WEST BANK - A Palestinian hospital official said Yasser Arafat has a large gallstone, countering speculation that the 75-year-old Palestinian leader is more seriously ill.	2
0	Bush Makes Fourth Trip of Year to N.M. (AP)  AP - The ranks of independent voters in New Mexico have grown by nearly 20,000 in the last 10 months, a prize pulling President Bush and rival John Kerry to the state again and again.	0 1
0	Bush Warns Syria, Iran Against Meddling in Iraq   WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Bush Wednesday warned Iran  and Syria not to meddle in Iraq ahead of elections scheduled  for January 30 and voiced new hopes of forging peace between  Israel and the Palestinians.	0
0	Farewell Yasser Arafat  GAZA CITY, 12 November 2004 - The world will bid farewell to Abu Ammar, Yasser Arafat, as one of the towering figures of Arab politics embarks on his final journey with a state funeral in Cairo today followed by a solemn burial ceremony in Ramallah.	2
0	 quot;February election quot; report played down  Tony Blair #39;s office and party have played down newspaper reports that the prime minister may call an early election in February.	3
0	Blair Offers an Apology, of Sorts, Over Iraq  Prime Minister Tony Blair offered a qualified apology that the evidence on which he had taken Britain to war had proved wrong.	3
1	Arafat Stable, Militants Seek More Powers  Yasser Arafat is in a stable condition and not in a coma, an aide said on Sunday, while militants pressed for decision-making powers in a unified Palestinian leadership if the president dies.	2
0	World Leaders Seek to Adapt to Expected Bush Win  World leaders sought to adapt on Wednesday to the idea of four more years of President Bush, with friends hailing his expected re-election and critics vowing to make the best of it, especially in Iraq.	0
0	Kerry Attacks Bush's Handling of Campaign Against Terror  Senator John Kerry said attacks were on the rise and the Bush administration was "in confusion" about how to respond.	1
1	Arafat Mourners Burst Into Ramallah Compound  12 November 2004 -- While the coffin containing Yasser Arafat was being flown to the West Bank, thousands of Palestinian mourners burst into the walled compound where the Palestinian leader is to be buried later today.	2
3	Kerry Poised To Be Third-Richest U.S. President	1
0	Packed agenda waiting for two leaders when Bush, Martin meet in Ottawa (Canadian Press)  Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - It's nearly impossible to find a cohesive theme that will pull together the many threads of Tuesday's packed agenda when Prime Minister Paul Martin greets George W. Bush on the U.S. president's first official visit to Ottawa.	0
0	Israel Battens Down Hatches for Volatile Gaza Vote  Stringent security measures were being implemented for a parliamentary vote next week on a Gaza pullout plan expected to spark Jewish settler protests and heighten death threats against Israeli leader Ariel Sharon.	4
0	A Look at Bush-Kerry Debates (AP)  AP - Some things to look for in the upcoming presidential debates between President Bush and Sen. John Kerry:	0 1
1	Officials: Arafat Needs More Medical Tests  Yasser Arafat has been ill for two weeks with what was initially described as a bad flu. He took a turn for the worse Wednesday, collapsing and briefly losing consciousness.	2
1	Sharon apologises for border deaths  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon apologised to Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak yesterday after an Israeli tank crew killed three Egyptian policemen on the border between Egypt and Gaza.	4
1	Kerry Slips Slightly as GOP Heads f  A new TIME poll finds President Bush heading into next week #39;s Republican National Convention amid signs that his opponent #39;s advantage is softening.	0 1
1	Attorney General John Ashcroft resigns  (Washington-AP) Nov. 9, 2004 - Attorney General John Ashcroft and Commerce Secretary Don Evans have resigned. The resignations were announced by White House press secretary Scott McClellan, who said Bush had accepted the decisions of both secretaries.	0
3	Bush has grand health plans; some are skeptical  If Congress enacted President Bush #39;s entire health care agenda, campaign aides have asserted, as many as 10 million people who lack health 	0
1	Bush, Kerry Mangle Facts on Taxes, Jobs  President Bush (website - news - bio) said he raised the child tax credit by  $1,000, when in fact his tax package did half that much.	0
1	Ridge leaves mixed security legacy  Homeland Security Secretary will remain on the job through high-risk holidays just in case.  Resignation: Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge said he will resign from President Bush #39;s Cabinet, leaving Feb. 1.	0
0	Israeli and Palestinian Politics in Uncertainty and Disarray  Israeli Prime Minster Ariel Sharon says he is determined to find new partners for his coalition government after suffering a major defeat in parliament.	4
1	Key Campaign Issues: The War in Iraq  Description: Morning Edition begins a series on important issues in the presidential campaign. In the first part of the series, NPR #39;s Steve Inskeep examines the views of President Bush and Sen. John Kerry on the war in Iraq.	0 1
1	Bush urges Social Security revamp  Bee Washington Bureau. WASHINGTON - Beginning a major push for one of his signature economic plans, President Bush on Thursday called for urgent action to revamp the Social Security system.	0
0	Unions firm on deadline for Iraq troop withdrawal  Tony Blair was facing a damaging defeat last night over demands for the early withdrawal of British troops from Iraq after failing to buy off the votes of the four big unions at Labour #39;s annual conference.	3
0	Brokaw, Jennings Show Support for Rather  NEW YORK - While acknowledging mistakes in CBS anchor Dan Rather's "60 Minutes" report that questioned President Bush's service in the National Guard, competing news anchors Tom Brokaw and Peter Jennings offered support Saturday for the beleaguered newsman.    Brokaw blasted what he called an attempt to "demonize" CBS and Rather on the Internet, where complaints about the report first surfaced...	0
1	UK hostage #39;s last appeal on Web  A video tape posted on the Internet on Sunday shows British hostage Kenneth Bigley making a last appeal to Prime Minister Tony Blair to meet the demands of the militants holding him in Iraq before being beheaded.	3
0	US urges Israel to help Palestinian vote  US Secretary of State Colin Powell has launched a new Middle East peace drive by saying he will press both Israeli and Palestinian leaders for steps to help Palestinians elect a successor to Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Without Fanfare, Bush OKs Corporate Tax Cuts (Reuters)  Reuters - Without fanfare, President Bush signed into law on Friday a nearly  #36;140 billion corporate tax cut bill derided by both Democratic presidential rival John Kerry and Republican Sen. John McCain as a giveaway to special interests.	0 1
0	Bush faces critical test in second debate (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush's re-election bid, buffeted by bad news on the economy and Iraq, faced a crucial test Friday as he headed into a second debate with resurgent Democratic challenger John Kerry.	0 1
0	Blair undergoing heart treatment  Prime Minister Tony Blair is in hospital being treated for recurrent heart palpitations after a surprise pledge to serve a full third term if he wins an election expected next year.	3
3	US Treasuries swing lower as Bush holds the lead  US Treasury debt prices swung lower once more on Wednesday as investors bet President George W. Bush was likely to win reelection despite a still contested vote in Ohio.	0
0	GOP Wants Bush to Draw Attention Off Iraq (AP)  AP - Nervous Republicans are urging President Bush to unveil a robust second-term agenda at his convention next week to shift voters' focus from the unpopular war in Iraq and other issues that are a distraction to his re-election drive. Some contend the party should ditch the GOP-fueled controversy over rival John Kerry's combat record in Vietnam.	0 1
1	Group offers  $50,000 for proof of Bush service  The founder of the group Texans for Truth said Tuesday that he is offering  $50,000 to anyone who can prove President Bush fulfilled his service requirements, including required duties and drills, in the Alabama Air National Guard in 1972.	0
1	Bin Laden tape puts war on terror in spotlight  Sen. John Kerry and President Bush returned to their arguments over who is the tougher leader for a dangerous age Saturday, sharpened by a new subtext 	0 1
0	Ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat arrives in Paris  VILLACOUBLAY, France Ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat was brought to France on Friday and rushed to a military hospital for treatment of a mysterious illness, which has forced him to leave his West Bank headquarters for the first time in nearly 	2
0	Arafat #39;s Health Leaves Palestinians Pondering Future  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat continues to undergo medical tests in Paris as doctors try to diagnose the mysterious illness that recently befell him.	2
0	Poll Shows Bush, Kerry in Virtual Tie  WASHINGTON - The GOP convention gave President Bush a double-digit lead, but the race has settled into a virtual tie with voters still worried about the economy and Iraq, according to polling by the Pew Research Center.    The first of two national polls by Pew, done Sept...	0 1
3	Markets Join Victory Rally  Stocks staged a modest rally Wednesday as Wall Street embraced President Bush #39;s reelection and cheered the absence of a prolonged legal fight for the White House.	0
0	Bush welcoming word of debt relief and elections  SANTIAGO, Chile President Bush is welcoming word that Iraq will hold elections in January -- and that a big chunk of the country #39;s debt is being forgiven.	0
1	Mike Johanns named US agriculture chief  US President George W. Bush named Nebraska Governor Mike Johanns as the new secretary of agriculture on Thursday, to succeed Ann M. Veneman, who announced her resignation in mid-November.	0
0	Lawyer Advising Vets Quits Bush Campaign  WASHINGTON - One of President Bush's top lawyers resigned from his campaign Wednesday, a day after disclosing that he had given legal advice to a veterans group airing TV ads challenging Democrat John Kerry's Vietnam War service. The guidance included checking ad scripts, the group said...	0
0	Israeli Hard-Liners Denounce Gaza Disengagement Plan  A large number of prominent Israeli hard-liners are describing Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to dismantle Jewish settlements in Gaza and a small portion of the West Bank as a  quot;crime against humanity.	4
1	Ashcroft #39;s dismal legacy: Attorney general put his beliefs above <b>...</b>  Tuesday #39;s resignation of John Ashcroft, one of the most divisive attorneys general in US history, briefly opened a door for President Bush.	0
0	Blair to push Bush on Middle East peace  Tony Blair will reportedly restate his intent to re-vitalize the Middle East peace process when he visits Washington for talks with President Bush this week.	0 3
0	New peace hope in post-Arafat era  ONE OF Yasser Arafat #39;s least-admired roles in the last few years was as the constantly cited excuse for international futility in Middle Eastern peace efforts.	2
1	Judges Rule for Nader in Election Boost for Bush  President Bush received a potential boost on Friday in his bid for re-election when a court ruled that independent candidate Ralph Nader, who experts believe helped 	0
0	Bush campaign on defensive amid new questions on prewar Iraq intelligence (AFP)  AFP - Already scrambling to make up ground lost after last week's debate, US President George W. Bush's campaign was forced further on the defensive by a report that the White House knew before invading Iraq that key intelligence on the country's alleged nuclear weapons program was questionable.	0
0	Poll: Kerry Holds Lead Over Bush in Minn. (AP)  AP - Democratic candidate John Kerry leads President Bush, 50 percent to 41 percent, in a presidential poll of likely voters in Minnesota, according to results released Wednesday.	0 1
0	'American Taliban' Seeks Commuted Sentence  SAN FRANCISCO - John Walker Lindh asked President Bush on Tuesday to commute his 20-year prison sentence for aiding the Taliban.    His lawyer, James Brosnahan, said that Lindh was fighting alongside the Taliban in a civil war against the Northern Alliance, that he is not a terrorist and that he never fought against U.S...	0
1	Kerry spends the day criss-crossing Florida  ORLANDO, Fla. On the first day Floridians could vote, John Kerry criss-crossed the state seeking support and sharply criticizing President Bush.	0 1
1	Bush Signs Intelligence Overhaul Bill  President Bush, center, shakes hands with Thomas Kean, right, and Lee Hamilton, second from right, Chairman and Vice-Chairman of the Sept.	0
0	Powell on ME mission for post-Arafat peace  JERUSALEM (AFP) - Outgoing US Secretary of State Colin Powell arrives here Sunday for a visit to Israel and the Palestinian territories on a new US push for peace after the death of veteran Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat.	2
1	Bush Stands Behind Iraq Decisions on Canada Visit  Description: President Bush begins a two-day mission to Canada, downplaying disagreements between the US and its neighbor over Iraq and trade.	0
0	Powell attempts to revive Mideast peace process  JERUSALEM - US Secretary of State Colin Powell embarked Sunday on a mission to revive the Middle East peace process after Yasser Arafat #39;s death.	2
0	Edwards Emerges As Typical VP Candidate (AP)  AP - Smooth, smiling John Edwards is sounding more like the traditional vice presidential candidate, calling President Bush a con artist and Vice President Dick Cheney a hypocrite, and all but labeling both Republicans liars.	0
0	Bush Tells Mich. Crowd Economy Improving (AP)  AP - President Bush voiced sympathy on Monday for this industrial state's economic distress but told a receptive northern Michigan audience that conditions are improving.	0
0	Judge Orders U.S. to Find Bush Records  WASHINGTON - A federal judge has ordered the Pentagon to find and make public by next week any unreleased files about President Bush's Vietnam-era Air National Guard service to resolve a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit filed by The Associated Press.    U.S...	0
0	Some in Jersey praise Arafat, others say he hindered peace  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, reportedly in a coma and lingering between life and death in a French hospital, was on the hearts and minds of several Palestinians as they left the North 	2
1	Poll: Kerry holding slim lead over Bush in NJ  TRENTON, NJ -- The race for New Jersey #39;s 15 electoral votes has tightened as the issue of terrorism continues to influence voters, according to a poll released Sunday.	0 1
0	Cocaine-use charges send Bush book soaring up bestseller lists (AFP)  AFP - Allegations that US President George W. Bush snorted cocaine at Camp David while his father was in office have fuelled sales of a new, gossip-filled book about the Bush family by controversial celebrity biographer Kitty Kelley.	0
0	Kerry Links Iraq War, U.S. Economic Woes (AP)  AP - Democrat John Kerry sought to link the Iraq war to U.S. economic woes on Wednesday, calling President Bush's move against Baghdad a "catastrophic choice" that so far has drained  #36;200 billion in needed resources at home.	0 1
0	Kerry Ties Hurt Some Democratic Senators (AP)  AP - Senate Democratic leader Tom Daschle hugged President Bush from one end of South Dakota to the other this summer  #151; in his own campaign commercials.	0 1
0	Bush campaigns to seize Democratic stronghold of Minnesota (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush launched a three-stop bus tour in this up-for-grabs state, hoping to become the first Republican White House hopeful to win Minnesota in 32 years.	0
1	Activist accuses GOP of  #39;attacking gays #39;  The head of the nation #39;s largest gay and lesbian Republican group slammed fellow Republicans Friday for  quot;feigning outrage quot; over comments by Sen. John Kerry, and called on President Bush 	0 1
0	Blair Criticized for Moving Troops in Iraq  British lawmakers sharply criticized Prime Minister Tony Blair's government on Monday for planning to dispatch hundreds of British troops to an area just south of Baghdad to supplement U.S. forces.	3
0	Candidates Use Animals in Campaign Ads (AP)  AP - It's "Animal Planet" in the presidential advertising wars. In heavily symbolic television spots, President Bush's campaign uses prowling wolves to suggest that the country under Sen. John Kerry would be vulnerable to terrorists. The Democratic Party claims the Republican incumbent is a head-in-the-sand ostrich while his opponent is as strong as an eagle.	0 1
0	Sharon says troops will stay in Gaza until rocket attacks on <b>...</b>  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon pledged Sunday to escalate a broad Israeli offensive into northern Gaza, saying troops will remain in the area until Palestinian rocket attacks are halted.	4
1	Sharon to Present Gaza Withdrawal Plan to Parliament  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon says he will present his controversial Gaza Strip withdrawal plan to parliament on October 25.	4
1	UK #39;s Blair to Meet Bush This Week for Talks on Israel, Iraq  UK Prime Minister Tony Blair will fly to Washington this week to hold talks with US President George W. Bush about Iraq and how to drive forward the Middle East peace process, Blair #39;s office said.	0 3
0	Paisley meeting Blair in Downing Street  The DUP leader, Ian Paisley, is holding a crucial meeting with the British Prime Minister, Tony Blair, in London today to decide if a deal can be reached on restoring power sharing in the North.	3
0	Kerry Enlisting Clinton Aides in Effort to Refocus Campaign  Former President Bill Clinton offered John Kerry advice on how to reinvigorate his candidacy, and Mr. Kerry enlisted more Clinton advisers for his campaign.	1
0	Gaza Violence Dents Hopes of Middle East Peace  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said on Monday that any peace talks with Palestinian leaders depended on whether they could rein in militants, who killed five Israeli soldiers in Gaza in an attack on Sunday.	4
1	Abbas escapes Gaza shooting unharmed  Mahmoud Abbas, the temporary successor to Yasser Arafat, escaped unharmed Sunday when militants firing assault rifles burst into a mourning tent for the deceased 	2
0	Bush, Kerry to Debate Amid Iraq Questions  ST. LOUIS - A lackluster unemployment report, troubling terrorism developments and fresh questions about President Bush's rationale for invading Iraq frame the second face-to-face encounter Friday night between Bush and John Kerry...	0 1
0	Arafat still alive as interim Palestinian leader is named  A leading cleric who spent an hour by Yassir Arafat #39;s bedside in a French hospital this morning says that the Palestinian leader is still alive.	2
0	Blair faces surgery for heart flutter  LONDONBritish Prime Minister Tony Blair undergoes a procedure to correct heart palpitations today - hours after dramatically announcing that he wants to serve no more than a third term in office.	3
1	America needs a strong Europe  CAMBRIDGE, Massachusetts It is no secret that many European leaders preferred Senator John Kerry to President George W. Bush. Some observers, like Timothy Garton Ash of Oxford University, predicted that if 	0 1
1	Blair Acknowledges Iraq War Divided UK  BRIGHTON, England Sept. 28, 2004 - Prime Minister Tony Blair acknowledged that the war in Iraq has divided Britain but said he had no apologies for helping topple Saddam Hussein in a speech Tuesday to his 	3
0	Clashes Break Out in Lebanon Refugee Camp (AP)  AP - Armed clashes broke out Sunday between Palestinian supporters of Yasser Arafat and Islamic extremists in Lebanon's largest refugee camp, and officials said two people were killed, including a teenage girl on a balcony outside the camp who was hit by a stray bullet.	2
1	Bush, Kerry Again Clash Over Iraq War  Washington, Oct. 9 (NNN): In their second live televised debate ahead of next month #39;s election, President George Walker Bush and his Democratic challenger, John Kerry, once again clashed over Iraq, with Bush 	0 1
1	UN, Blair Issue Warnings Over Violence in Sudan  British Prime Minister Tony Blair warned Sudan on Wednesday violence must end in Darfur and the United Nations said it might not be able to cope if conditions there fail to improve.	3
3	Snow: Cutting Budget Deficit Top Priority (Reuters)  Reuters - U.S. Treasury Secretary John Snow said on Wednesday that cutting a record budget deficit was a top priority for the second-term Bush administration and challenged Europe to play its part in helping trim the U.S. trade gap by boosting its own economic growth.	0
0	Cheney Demands Aggressive War on Terror (AP)  AP - Vice President Dick Cheney said Friday that he has no confidence in Democratic Sen. John Kerry to be a strong commander in chief capable of hunting down terrorists.	1
1	ADAM NAGOURNEY  First, it was going to be the  $80 million in Republican television advertisements unloaded on Sen. John Kerry (D-Mass.) in the spring - quickly matched by a barrage of television attacks dumped on President Bush by Democrats.	0 1
1	What do you want President Bush to do now?  President George W Bush is preparing for his second term in office following his victory against John Kerry in Tuesday #39;s election.	0 1
0	Blair to undergo procedure for heart 'flutter'   LONDON -- British Prime Minister Tony Blair said yesterday that he will undergo a routine medical procedure to correct an irregular heartbeat and be back at work on Monday.	3
0	Was Bush Wired? Ridiculous, Campaign Says (AP)  AP - Campaign aides to President Bush on Saturday laughed off rampant Internet speculation about whether the president was wired to get help from advisers during his first debate with Sen. John Kerry. "It's not true. It's ridiculous," Bush campaign spokesman Scott Stanzel said.	0 1
0	Gunfire Greets Arafat #39;s Coffin Upon Arrival in Ramallah  Volleys of gunfire greeted a military helicopter carrying Yasser Arafat #39;s coffin as it landed Friday at the late Palestinian leader #39;s West Bank compound, which has been overrun by tens of thousands of mourners.	2
3	Wall Street surges as Kerry concedes in tight White House race  NEW YORK : Wall Street shares roared higher as investors reacted to news that President George W. Bush had secured a re-election victory after a tight race.	0 1
1	Bush 2nd-Term Agenda Would Add Big Costs  President Bush speaks during a news conference, Thursday, Oct. 4, 2004, in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building in Washington.	0
1	Rice has surgery for noncancerous growths  WASHINGTON -- Condoleezza Rice, President Bush #39;s choice to be the next secretary of state, underwent surgery Friday to treat noncancerous growths in the uterus, a White House official said.	0
0	Bush Raps Kerry, Slips in Newsweek Poll  COLUMBUS, Ohio - President Bush on Saturday ridiculed what he called the "Kerry doctrine" as a dangerous outsourcing of America's security, seeking to poke a hole in Sen. John Kerry's debate performance with what advisers see as his rival's biggest miscue...	0 1
0	Ailing Arafat Arrives in Paris for Medical Treatment  A French military jet believed to be carrying the Palestinian leader landed today at an airfield outside Paris, witnesses said.	2
1	Bush Ups Pressure on Congress to Pass Intel Reform  President Bush stepped up pressure on Congress on Saturday to approve an overhaul of the nation #39;s intelligence operations, just two days before lawmakers return to try again to approve the reforms.	0
3	What If a Sales Tax Were the Only Tax?  Does replacing personal income and payroll taxes with a national sales tax, an idea President Bush has shown interest in, help the U.S. tax system?	0
0	Palestinian leader to be treated in Paris  The Palestinian leader, Yasser Arafat, is to seek medical treatment in Paris after Israel confirmed it will allow him to return to the West Bank.	2
1	Kerry says Clinton may be campaigning for him in final two weeks  John Kerry says it #39;s possible the former president might campaign for him in the final two weeks before Election Day. Clinton is recovering from heart surgery, and Kerry officials have eagerly been awaiting 	1
0	Kerry TV Ad Pins Veterans' Attack Firmly on Bush  The ad blames President Bush for a campaign by a "front group" of veterans that Senator John Kerry said had smeared his Vietnam record.	0 1
0	Bush, Kerry Bow to McCain's Wishes on Ads (AP)  AP - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry bowed to the wishes of popular maverick John McCain on Thursday, as the president embraced the Republican senator's legal fight against big-money special interest groups airing negative ads and the Democratic nominee scrapped a commercial that featured McCain.	0 1
1	Bush Taps Republican Activist as Veterans Chief  President Bush tapped a former Republican Party chairman to lead the veteran affairs department on Thursday, and the White House confirmed that four other Cabinet secretaries will be staying on.	0
0	GOP, Democrats Seek to Pull Campaign Ads (AP)  AP - When a Republican-funded group of Vietnam veterans sought to run a blistering television ad accusing John Kerry of lying about his decorated war record, Democrats quickly fired off a letter to broadcasters imploring them not to air the "inflammatory, outrageous lie."	1
1	Poll reveals Bush and Kerry all tied up  TRENTON -- Democratic presidential hopeful John Kerry has failed to get much traction with voters in New Jersey. Six days before the election President George W. Bush has closed a four-point gap from a week 	0 1
0	Merci la France: We Will Be Forever Grateful  By honoring President Yasser Arafat, France has honored every Palestinian man, woman and child. For this we will be forever grateful.	2
0	Gunfire Erupts Near Arafat Memorial  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip -- Officials said two security guards were killed and six other people wounded Saturday in the Gaza Strip after gunmen opened fire in a mourning tent set up for Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Israel Battens Down Hatches for Volatile Gaza Vote   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Stringent security measures were  being implemented for a parliamentary vote next week on a Gaza  pullout plan expected to spark Jewish settler protests and  heighten death threats against Israeli leader Ariel Sharon.	4
1	Panama president frees Cubans; US denies role  Bush administration officials denied any role yesterday in the pardon of four Cuban exiles by the outgoing Panamanian government. Three of the exiles -ho were convicted 	0
0	Arafat #39;s Wife Lashes Out at Officials  A senior Palestinian delegation headed to France to see Yasser Arafat, but it was unclear whether they would have access to the ailing leader after the hospital restricted 	2
0	World Briefings  BRITAIN: BLAIR WARNS OF CLIMATE THREAT Prime Minister Tony Blair urged the international community to consider global warming a dire threat and agree on a plan of action to curb the  quot;alarming quot; growth of greenhouse gases.	3
0	Bush Calls for Verifying Iran Nuke Claims  President Bush said Monday that he hopes Iran's claim that it has suspended uranium enrichment and has no nuclear weapons ambitions is true, but "there must be verification."	0
0	Kerry Association Hurting Some Democrats (AP)  AP - Senate Democratic leader Tom Daschle hugged President Bush from one end of South Dakota to the other this summer. In his own campaign commercials.	0 1
1	Bulldozers prepare burial site for Arafat  Bulldozers have begun clearing a section of Yasser Arafat #39;s West Bank compound where officials say the Palestinian leader will be buried after he dies.	2
0	Netanyahu backs down from resignation threat  Finance Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, as expected, waited until the last day of the two-week ultimatum he gave Prime Minister Ariel Sharon to tell 	4
1	Blair Cuts Short Ethiopia Trip, Heads Home  British Prime Minister Tony Blair left Ethiopia for home late on Thursday, a day ahead of schedule, airport sources in Addis Ababa said.	3
0	Both Candidates Use McCain in Campaign Ads (AP)  AP - Republican maverick John McCain campaigns with President Bush. He's good friends with Democrat John Kerry. And, in an unusual twist, he's shown up in campaign advertisements for both.	0
0	Judge Orders U.S. to Find Bush Records  WASHINGTON - A federal judge has ordered the Pentagon to find and make public by next week any unreleased files about President Bush's Vietnam-era Air National Guard service to resolve a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit filed by The Associated Press.    U.S...	0
3	Bush to tout economic trend in NYC  WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- Through thick and thin, President Bush has consistently extolled the virtues of lowering taxes to make the economy stronger.	0
1	Bush Reaffirms US Missile Defense Plans  President Bush remains intent on deploying a multibillion-dollar shield as an  quot;important deterrent quot; against ballistic missile attack, the White House said on Thursday, a 	0
0	Israel votes to refund settlers  The Israeli cabinet approves a bill to compensate settlers leaving Gaza under Ariel Sharon's withdrawal plan.	4
2	Without Cash, Shock just don #39;t click  DETROIT -- John Kerry got more bounce out of the Democratic National Convention than the Detroit Shock got out of last year #39;s Women #39;s National Basketball Association championship.	1
1	Kerry Returns Bush Volley On Health Care  John F. Kerry must be a tad worried about President Bush #39;s attacks on his health care plan: He #39;s uncorked two counterattack ads in 18 hours.	0 1
1	Kerry faces tinier battlefield after Bush #39;s bounce in polls  President Bush #39;s postconvention bounce in state and national polls has left Democratic challenger John F. Kerry with a smaller battlefield upon 	0 1
0	Koizumi hopes US ties deepen  Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi said Thursday he hopes to further develop Japanese-US ties through his close personal relationship with President George W. Bush, who was re-elected in a neck and neck race with Democratic challenger Sen. John Kerry.	0 1
0	Judge Dismisses Charges Vs. Bush Protester (AP)  AP - A judge has dismissed charges against a war protester who was arrested during a visit by President Bush last spring.	0
0	Kerry, Bush Escalate Battle Over Vietnam Ads (Reuters)  Reuters - Democrat John Kerry asked the Federal Election Commission on Friday to force a group accused of collaborating with the Bush campaign to withdraw ads challenging his service in Vietnam as the presidential race took a decidedly bitter turn.	1
0	Bush Secured Victory in Florida by Veering From Beaten Path  While Democrats placed their emphasis on the state's urban centers, the Republicans racked up votes in suburban and rural areas.	0
1	3 Days Late, Bush Is Awarded Iowa  President Bush officially won the vote in Iowa yesterday, giving him 286 electoral votes to Sen. John F. Kerry #39;s 252 in the 2004 presidential election.	0
0	Bush, Kerry skirt thorny Taiwan question in polls run-up (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush and rival John Kerry have conveniently avoided public debate on Taiwan ahead of the November 2 presidential vote but analysts expect differences on the core issue in difficult US-China relations.	0 1
1	Barghouthi Pulls Out of Palestinian Election  Jailed Palestinian uprising leader Marwan Barghouthi has pulled out of a Jan. 9 presidential election to succeed Yasser Arafat, a close aide said on Sunday.	2
1	Stalled Immigration Reform  #39;High Priority #39; for Bush  Revamping US immigration laws to let more Mexicans work legally in the United States is a high priority, Secretary of State Colin Powell said, although a skeptical Congress could still block the plan.	0
1	Can they win without Florida?  Sen. John Kerry would love to carry the state and its 27 electoral votes, but it #39;s not a necessity. For President Bush, losing Florida likely means losing the White House.	0 1
0	Bush Pledges to Aid Colombia's Drug Fight  Under a security web of warplanes, battleships and 15,000 troops, President Bush praised Colombia's battle against drugs and Marxist guerrillas Monday and pledged to keep U.S. aid flowing so "this courageous nation can win its war against narcoterrorists."	0
0	Arafat's relatives fight over records  PARIS -- Yasser Arafat's half brother insisted yesterday that the Palestinian people are entitled to know the cause of their leader's death, but Arafat's widow threatened a legal fight over the medical file in an ugly family tug of war.	2
0	Kerry Decries Bush Plan to Recall Troops  CINCINNATI - John Kerry, telling fellow combat veterans he's their "true brother in arms," said Wednesday that President Bush's plan to withdraw U.S. troops from Europe and Asia would weaken U.S...	0 1
1	Bush, Kerry pick different strategies for campaigning in Michigan  If you think President Bush has been in Michigan a lot this summer, you #39;re right. The Republican president made weekly visits to Michigan in July and has been here every other week in August.	0 1
0	Gunfire at Gaza mourning tent for Yasser Arafat kills 1  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip - Militants burst into a mourning tent for Yasser Arafat on Sunday, firing from their assault rifles for several minutes and forcing security guards to hustle away the Palestinian leader #39;s temporary successor, Mahmoud Abbas.	2
0	Last Chance for N.Ireland Peace Deal, Says Blair   LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's Tony Blair said on Friday  talks next week designed to restore a deal that shares power in  Northern Ireland between the divided Protestant and Catholic  communities were a final chance to salvage the accord.	3
1	Johanns Nominated For US Secretary of Agriculture  Agriculture. President Bush this morning nominated Nebraska Governor Mike Johanns to serve in that post. If the Senate confirms Johanns, he will replace Ann Veneman, who recently announced her resignation.	0
3	Bush Names Kellogg CEO as Commerce Secretary  President Bush on Monday chose Carlos Gutierrez, a native of Cuba and now the chief executive officer of Kellogg Co., to be secretary of Commerce. If confirmed by the Senate, Gutierrez would succeed Commerce Secretary Donald Evans.	0
0	Arafat #39;s wife emerges as major figure in running her husband #39;s <b>...</b>  Yasser Arafat #39;s confinement to a Paris hospital has given his wife Suha something she has never had in 14 years of marriage: Power and influence.	2
1	Bush and Kerry slug it out in cross-country battle for votes  THE president was waving his arms around Air Force One as if he was a Samurai warrior without a sword. His aides explained to puzzled onlookers that this was a good sign - it showed George Bush was feeling good.	0 1
0	Americans Still Concerned About Bush Agenda, Poll Shows  Americans are optimistic about the next four years, but they have reservations about President Bush's agenda.	0
0	Economy, Iraq War Frame Bush-Kerry Debate  ST. LOUIS - President Bush and Sen...	0
0	U.S. Servicemen React to Bush Guard Memos (AP)  AP - Some current and retired members of the National Guard and other military services say they aren't bothered by newly revealed memos that indicate President Bush got preferential treatment in the Air National Guard during the Vietnam War, while others say they are troubling.	0
1	Mike Johanns named US agriculture chief  US President George W. Bush named Nebraska Governor Mike Johanns as the new secretary of agriculture on Thursday, to succeed Ann M. Veneman, who announced her resignation in mid-November.	0
1	All eyes on third debate after Kerry ups  #39;likeability #39; rating  The contest for the White House was locked in a dead heat yesterday, with Republican and Democratic strategists looking to the third and last debate to score the convincing victory that could alter the dynamics of the race.	1
0	Ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat arrives in Paris for medical treatment (Canadian Press)  Canadian Press - VILLACOUBLAY, France (AP) - A French military jet believed to be carrying ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat landed Friday afternoon at an airfield outside Paris, witnesses said.	2
0	Nervous Democrats link Kerry's debate fortunes with their own (AFP)  AFP - Anxious Democrats in Congress were counting on their presidential challenger John Kerry to stage a comeback in his debate against President George W. Bush, as they nervously prepare for a vote in November on their own future.	0 1
1	World eschews Rice  Condoleezza Rice may be the apple of US President George W. Bush #39;s eye, but in Europe her nomination as Secretary of State is being met with disappointment and dismay.	0
0	Return Our Treasures, Sir  British Prime Minister Tony Blair arrived on his African visit yesterday - and straight into the minefield of the Darfur crisis in Sudan.	3
3	German Official Criticizes US Deficit  BERLIN - A German finance official urged the United States to tackle its twin deficits during President Bush #39;s second term to counter concerns weighing on financial markets, a magazine reported Saturday.	0
0	Jews pray successor won #39;t let egoism torpedo peace  Jewish law dictates,  quot;Do not rejoice when your enemies fall. quot; (Proverbs 24:17) There will be no dancing in the streets of Jerusalem celebrating the fall of Yasser Arafat.	2
1	Viacom's Moonves Upbeat Despite CBS News Fallout   LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - CBS News will face difficulty  expanding its audience until questions are resolved about a  now-retracted Sept. 8 report challenging President Bush's  military service, Viacom Inc. Co-President Les Moonves told  investors on Wednesday.	0
0	Co. Sells Beans in Honor of Bush, Kerry (AP)  AP - Judging by the bean vote, President Bush could be on his way to a second term.	0
0	Blair Doubts Iraq Will Cost Him Next Election   BRIGHTON, England (Reuters) - Tony Blair said on Wednesday  he believed Iraq would not be the decisive issue when Britons  come to vote at next year's expected election.	3
1	Soldier, Militant Die in Resurgence of Gaza Fighting  An Israeli soldier and a Palestinian militant were killed in Gaza Tuesday in a resurgence of violence that could threaten efforts to instil calm for a Palestinian election for a successor to Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Report: Arafat suffered from Cirrhosis  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat suffered from cirrhosis - widespread disruption of normal liver structure usually caused by alcohol abuse -lthough he was a true water drinker, the French newspaper Le Monde reported today.	2
1	* Milburn promotion would be snub to chancellor  Tony Blair last night appeared determined to give his close ally Alan Milburn a  quot;senior and serious job in cabinet quot; in a move that would test the prime minister #39;s relationship with Gordon Brown, the chancellor.	3
1	Bush Dismisses Idea That Kerry Lied on Vietnam  President Bush said on Thursday that he did not believe Senator John Kerry lied about his war record, but he declined to condemn the television 	0 1
1	Congress Rushes to Pass Tax Cut Package  Congress on Thursday rushed to pass a  $145.9 billion package of tax relief that would extend three popular middle class tax cuts and hand President Bush his fourth major tax victory since taking office.	0
0	Blair Seeks New Global Climate Pact with Bush -Paper   LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair is  trying to involve the United States in an new international  treaty on global warming, The Times newspaper said on Thursday.	0 3
0	Bush Turns to Adviser for Education Secretary  Margaret Spellings has been a close adviser to President Bush since his days as Texas governor.	0
0	Arafat #39;s decline worsens Palestinian woes  Palestinian President Yasser Arafat #39;s slide into serious illness has raised fear of chaos among his people with their struggle for statehood at a standstill and armed groups taking over the streets.	2
3	Bush, Retailers Drop in Oil Prices Give Markets Boost  Wall Street continued its post-election rally Thursday as oil prices dropped by more than  $2 a barrel and President Bush outlined plans for a second term.	0
0	Sharon firm on Gaza withdrawal  JERUSALEM -- Prime Minister Ariel Sharon yesterday rejected calls from Jewish settlers to hold a countrywide referendum on his plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip, escalating an increasingly bitter dispute with former allies who now accuse him of leading 	4
1	Barghouthi Pulls Out of Palestinian Election  Jailed Palestinian uprising leader Marwan Barghouthi has pulled out of a Jan. 9 presidential election to succeed Yasser Arafat, a close aide said on Sunday.	2
0	Next year's combat budget could total  $75b  WASHINGTON -- President Bush plans to send Congress a request early next year to finance wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and operations against terrorism that could total  $75 billion, congressional aides said yesterday.	0
3	Kerry Win: Bad Medicine For Health Care	1
1	Bush decides on new Cabinet line-up  US President George W. Bush has completed decisions on the future of all his cabinet members, asking four secretaries to remain for his second term on Thursday.	0
1	Kerry: Bush #39;s Iraq  #39;Mismanagement #39; Hikes Gas Prices  Democratic challenger John Kerry on Monday blamed President Bush #39;s  quot;gross mismanagement quot; of the Iraq war for rising gas prices and vowed to free the United States from dependence on Middle East oil in 10 years.	0 1
0	Sharon Predicts 'Breakthrough' in Ties With Palestinians  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said that his government would implement his proposal to dismantle all the Israeli settlements in Gaza and four small ones in the West Bank on schedule.	4
0	Sharon hopes parliament vote will lend legitimacy  After months of bullying and subterfuge to keep his contentious Gaza withdrawal plan alive, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is hoping for solid approval in Israel #39;s parliament to finally give it the legitimacy it needs.	4
0	Environmentalists See Trouble Ahead (AP)  AP - Environmentalists see some of their worst fears playing out as President Bush moves to cement a second-term agenda that includes getting more timber, oil and gas from public lands and relying on the market rather than regulation to curb pollution.	0
1	Protests mark Bush #39;s visit to Canada  Thousands of anti-Bush demonstrators gathered at Confederation Park in downtown Ottawa, calling for an end to the war in Iraq. The gathering attracted protesters opposed to the 	0
1	3 polls show a White House race in flux  BLAIN, Minnesota Three national polls indicate that the race for the White House is in flux after President George W. Bush #39;s post-convention bounce.	0
0	Peace prospects uncertain in a post-Arafat Mideast  On his deathbed in a French military hospital, Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat remains at the center of controversy -- this time, over the future of the volatile Middle East without this larger-than-life leader.	2
0	Fresh concern raised over Arafat #39;s health  The health of Yasser Arafat, the Palestinian leader, deteriorated significantly yesterday prompting doctors in France to conduct further tests.	2
0	Main Points of Gaza Disengagement Plan (AP)  AP - The main points of Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's Gaza withdrawal plan:	4
1	John Kerry Cured Of Prostate Cancer  US Senator John Kerry is cured of prostate cancer, according to his doctors. In an interview published Sunday, John Kerry told the New York Times that his doctors told him he was cured of the cancer.	1
0	GOP Gets House to Nix Draft Bill 402-2  WASHINGTON - House Republicans sought to quash a persistent Internet rumor that President Bush wants to reinstate the draft if he is re-elected, engineering an overwhelming vote Tuesday killing legislation that would do just that.    Republicans accused Democrats of feeding the rumor mill to scare young voters and their parents into voting against Bush...	0
1	Kerry makes pitch to undecided, black voters  Democratic Senator John Kerry made a last-minute pitch for undecided voters with a message of change and reached out to black Americans with a scripture-laden appeal to help him restore economic justice.	1
0	Some Tough Questions  Yasser Arafat, head of the Palestinian Liberation Organization and president of the Palestinian Authority, is dead. The Arab world mourned his passing.	2
0	After Arafat, peace has chance  It is uncertain just how history ultimately will judge Yasser Arafat, the erratic but charismatic Palestinian leader who died this week in Paris at age 75.	2
0	Sharon, Abbas say they are willing to meet  Ahead of an expected meeting between both sides #39; foreign ministers in The Hague, Sharon told Newsweek magazine that he was ready to meet with the post-Yasser Arafat leadership whenever they wanted.	2
0	Bush Marks Opening of Indian Museum (AP)  AP - President Bush on Thursday marked the opening of the new American Indian National Museum, saying it will serve as a powerful reminder of the spirit and vitality of peoples native to the nation.	0
0	Israeli Parliament Backs Sharon Gaza Pullout Plan   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's divided parliament ratified  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's Gaza withdrawal plan on Tuesday,  a pivotal step toward the first evacuation of settlers from  occupied territory Palestinians want for a state.	4
1	Bush Makes Not-So-Good Headlines in Europe  LONDON - The re-election of President Bush dominated British newspapers Thursday, and many cast impartiality aside in reporting the result. "How can 59,054,087 people be so DUMB?" the liberal Daily Mirror asked in a Page One headline. Inside, several pages of coverage were headed "U.S. 	0
0	US to withdraw up to 70,000 troops from Europe and Asia: Bush (AFP)  AFP - The United States will withdraw up to 70,000 troops from Europe and Asia over the next decade, President George W. Bush said, in a move aimed at increasing the capability to fight the "war on terror" and meet other new threats.	0
1	Bin Laden Condemns Bush, Says New Attacks Possible  Osama bin Laden burst into the US election campaign on Saturday, releasing his first video tape in more than a year to deride President Bush and warn of possible new Sept.	0
1	Europe leverage seems limited in Mideast  As the Palestinians #39; main donor and Israel #39;s top commercial partner, Europe could be a major player in pushing to restart the stalled Middle East peace process in the post-Yasser Arafat era.	2
1	Bush Selects EPA Head to Be Secretary of Health  President Bush said Monday that he had decided to nominate Michael O. Leavitt, a former three-term governor of Utah, to be secretary of health and human services, replacing Tommy G. Thompson.	0
1	Blair further defines Iraq apology  LONDON Prime Minister Tony Blair gave his most explicit apology to date Wednesday for the flawed intelligence assessments upon which he took Britain to war in Iraq, but he rejected opposition demands that he say he was sorry for  quot;misrepresenting 	3
0	Bush Pushes for Progress in Sudan Talks (AP)  AP - President Bush talked by telephone Tuesday with leaders in Sudan, pushing for progress in peace talks to end a 21-year civil war in southern Sudan.	0
0	Bush declares 'beginning of the end for extremists' (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush predicted in an interview broadcast that the fight against terrorism, which has been a centerpiece of his presidency, will be won within the next generation if the United States stays the course he has charted.	0
0	Bush, Kerry on Issue of Social Security (AP)  AP - Three times a week, The Associated Press picks an issue and asks President Bush and Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry a question about it. Today's question and responses:	0 1
0	Inauguration Gives GOP Fund-Raising Chance (AP)  AP - The GOP is hoping to capitalize on President Bush's swearing-in ceremony next month, offering donors special inaugural packages that include access to lawmakers, a parade and galas.	0
3	Bush names Gutierrez for Commerce  President Bush yesterday nominated Cuban-born Carlos Gutierrez, who once sold Frosted Flakes cereal from a van in Mexico and rose to head the nation #39;s largest cereal company, for the post of commerce secretary.	0
1	Abbas unharmed in shooting spree  Palestinian militants have burst into a mourning tent for Yasser Arafat, firing shots in protest at the presence of his potential successor, Mahmoud Abbas.	2
0	Arafat in Serious Condition, Foreign Medics Arrive   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Foreign doctors rushed to  Yasser Arafat's side on Thursday to tend to the seriously ill  Palestinian leader, who for decades has symbolized his people's  struggle for statehood.	2
0	Ashcroft Condemns Judges Who Question Bush (AP)  AP - Federal judges are jeopardizing national security by issuing rulings contradictory to President Bush's decisions on America's obligations under international treaties and agreements, Attorney General John Ashcroft said Friday.	0
0	Arafat was not poisoned: France  PARIS: The French government insisted on Wednesday that Yasser Arafat was not poisoned and Le Monde newspaper quoted doctors as saying he suffered from an unusual blood disease and a liver problem.	2
0	McCain Furiously Courted by Kerry, Bush (AP)  AP - Republican Sen. John McCain is emerging as the bipartisan scold whom neither presidential candidate can get enough of this year. Although the maverick Arizona senator hasn't been shy about taking both campaigns to task, Democrat John Kerry sounded out McCain as a possible running mate and President Bush will showcase him on the opening night of the Republican National Convention.	0 1
0	Chirac, Blair Downplay Strains Over Iraq (AP)  AP - French President Jacques Chirac and British Prime Minister Tony Blair sought to downplay strains in their relationship over the war in Iraq and pledged Thursday to make every effort to revitalize the Israeli-Palestinian peace process.	3
1	Bush Names Gonzales to Succeed Ashcroft  President-elect Bush listens to Alberto R. Gonzales, his choice as White House general counsel, during a ceremony at the Governor #39;s Mansion in Austin, Texas, Sunday, Dec. 17, 2000.	0
1	Osama bin Laden wants to bankrupt US  (OfficialWire) -- 11/02/04 -- George W. Bush has got some competition. It #39;s not merely the so-called leader of the free world who wants to spend and borrow against the future 	0
0	Bush Defends Iraq Invasion, US Action on Threats (Update1)  President George W. Bush, confronted by antiwar protesters in Canada, defended his decision to invade Iraq and said the US would always act against threats even if opposed by other nations.	0
0	CBS Says It Was Misled Over Bush Military Memos (Reuters)  Reuters - CBS News on Monday said it had been misled over the authenticity of documents it aired in a story challenging President Bush's military service and it was mounting an internal investigation.	0
1	Bush Upholds US Penalty Tariffs on Asian Shrimp Imports  The Bush administration upheld the imposition of penalty tariffs on shrimp imports from China and Vietnam yesterday, handing a victory to beleaguered US shrimp producers.	0
0	N Korea 'must halt weapon dreams'  President Bush urges North Korea to give up nuclear ambitions at a summit rocked by  protests.	0
0	CBS Defends Report on Bush Guard Memos  WASHINGTON - CBS News mounted an aggressive defense Friday of its report about President Bush's service in the Air National Guard, with anchor Dan Rather saying broadcast memos questioned by forensic experts came from "what we consider to be solid sources."   On Friday's "CBS Evening News," Rather said that "no definitive evidence" has emerged to prove the documents are forgeries. "If any definitive evidence comes up, we will report it," Rather said...	0
0	UK #39;s Blair Tells Bush to Reach Out #39; to European Leaders  US President George W. Bush must reach out #39; #39; to European leaders angry over the Iraq war, who in turn should work with Bush to promote democracy, UK Prime Minister Tony Blair will say.	0 3
0	Slow Pace of Pentagon's Courts Set Off Friction at White House  A year after hundreds of prisoners arrived at Guantnamo Bay, Cuba, with no trials in sight, some high-level Bush administration officials began venting their frustration.	0
1	Democrats, GOP spin numbers in September jobs report  COLUMBUS - John Kerry #39;s campaign in Ohio seized on yesterday #39;s Labor Department report that said the US economy added 96,000 jobs in September, a weaker total than expected in the last employment report before the Nov. 2 election.	1
0	McConnell meets with Israeli leaders during trip to Middle East  US Sen. Mitch McConnell met with top Israeli officials Sunday and took a helicopter tour over the West Bank during a visit to the Middle East that comes amid the political tumult of Yasser Arafat #39;s death.	2
0	France won't release Arafat's medical records  PARIS -- France has no intention of making Yasser Arafat's medical records public and will leave the decision about what to do with them up to his family, the foreign minister said yesterday.	2
1	President, Iraqi prime minister meet, talk  Washington DC, Sept. 23 - After talks in the Oval Office President Bush and Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi both insisted real progress is being made in Iraq thanks to the continued US commitment to seeing democracy take hold.	0
0	Kerry launches new attack on Bush's Iraq policies (AFP)  AFP - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry was set to step up attacks on George W. Bush's handling of the Iraq war, as the president prepared to go to the United Nations to unveil new proposals help rebuild the country.	0 1
0	Sharon Plan Merits Support  The Israeli people, by a two-thirds majority, support Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to close Israeli settlements in Gaza and the northeast corner of the West Bank.	4
0	Peres Sharon Risks Assassination for Gaza Plan   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Opposition leader Shimon Peres said  on Tuesday he feared Israeli extremists might try to  assassinate Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, the target of growing  far-right fury over a planned withdrawal from Gaza next year.	4
3	Bush Set to Open Oil Reserve Spigot (Reuters)  Reuters - With oil prices close to  #36;50 a barrel, the Bush administration is set to allow oil refineries to borrow crude from the government's emergency petroleum stockpile to make up for supplies disrupted by Hurricane Ivan, a congressional source briefed on the pending decision told Reuters on Thursday.	0
0	Bush reaches out to Arroyo  , Ed General. Editor #39;s Note: Published on page A1 of the Nov. 15, 2004 issue of the Philippine Daily Inquirer. A PHONE call from newly reelected US President George W. Bush to President 	0
0	Israelis Kill 5 Palestinians; Sharon Under Pressure   GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli troops killed five Palestinian  militants in gun battles Monday as Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  sought to dampen rising pressure for a referendum on his plan  to withdraw from occupied Gaza.	4
0	Bush Vows Second-Term Push for Palestinian State (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush on Friday set a four-year goal of seeing a Palestinian state established and he and British Prime Minister Tony Blair vowed to mobilize international support to help make it happen now that Yasser Arafat is dead.	0 2 3
0	Military Will March Front and Center at Inaugural Festivities (Los Angeles Times)  Los Angeles Times - WASHINGTON  #8212; As he leaves the Capitol after taking the oath of office Jan. 20, President Bush is expected to exercise a familiar presidential prerogative  #8212; reviewing the troops.	0
1	GRID OMEN SAYS DEMS WIN  November 1, 2004 -- Who would think the outcome of a football game could mean so much to the race for the White House? But that #39;s what John Kerry was saying yesterday after the Washington Redskins took a beating at the hands of the Green Bay Packers.	1
0	Palestinians set date for elections  Palestinian officials scheduled presidential elections for Jan. 9, pushing forward Sunday with steps to a secure a new leader after the death of Yasser Arafat.	2
1	Bush sends Ramadan greetings  President George Bush sent greetings Friday to Muslims in America and around the world at the start of the Ramadan season. The greeting was sent from Jacksonville, Ore.	0
1	Bush, Kerry trade gibes on terror threat  The state that launched George W. Bush on the road to the White House and rejuvenated John F. Kerry #39;s presidential hopes took 	0 1
0	Also from this section  Tony Blair told Northern Ireland #39;s leaders yesterday that they had reached the  quot;moment of decision quot; for breaking the political deadlock which has lasted for almost two years.	3
1	Polls paint different picture of White House race  WASHINGTON - New public opinion surveys paint a very different picture of the presidential race, with a poll Friday showing President Bush with a commanding 13-point lead over challenger John Kerry coming a day after two other surveys showed the race 	0 1
0	Bush Looking Anew for Alaska Oil Drilling (AP)  AP - Republican gains in the Senate could give President Bush his best chance yet to achieve his No. 1 energy priority  #151; opening an oil-rich but environmentally sensitive Alaska wildlife refuge to drilling.	0
0	Sharon to Step Up War on Militants  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon today said he has ordered the army to step up its war on Palestinian militants ahead of a planned withdrawal from the Gaza Strip.	4
0	First Lady Hails Bush Anti-Terror Record  NEW YORK - Republican National Convention co-stars Laura Bush and Arnold Schwarzenegger commended President Bush to the country for four more years Tuesday night, hailing him as a man of strength leavened by compassion. "You can count on him, especially in a crisis," said the first lady...	0
0	Palestinians Say the Future Rests on Vote, Israeli Action   JERUSALEM, Nov. 13 -- Palestinians must act quickly to hold elections for a leader to replace Yasser Arafat if they are to peacefully transform their political system after more than three decades of one-man control, according to Palestinian politicians, academics and analysts.	2
0	Arafat lingers; burial furor heats up  Gravely ill and comatose, Yasser Arafat clung to life in a French hospital Friday as Israeli officials vowed to prevent the Palestinian leader from being buried in Jerusalem, stoking 	2
0	Burial site prepared as Arafat clings on  Bulldozers began clearing a site for Yasser Arafat #39;s burial yesterday inside the Ramallah compound that was effectively his prison for the past two years, as France #39;s prime minister, Jean-Pierre Raffarin, said the Palestinian president was in his  quot;final 	2
0	Bush Comments on Thompson Terror Worries (AP)  AP - President Bush played down on Saturday a stark warning from his resigning health chief that the nation's food supply is largely unprotected from terror attack.	0
1	COMMENT: Sorting through the accusations  Now that virtually all of official conservatism and the Republican legislative juggernaut have opened up on UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan, with President George W. Bush #39;s winking acquiescence 	0
0	Sharon wants to speed up Gaza plan - sources  Jerusalem - Israel could begin withdrawing from occupied Gaza early next year under an accelerated timetable that Prime Minister Ariel Sharon plans to present to lawmakers of his Likud party on Tuesday, political sources said.	4
0	Clinton enters US election battle (AFP)  AFP - Former president Bill Clinton entered the Democratic election campaign for John Kerry saying he had cut short his recuperation from heart surgery because of the close race.	1
1	Bush, Kerry Take Jabs at Pre-Debate Rallies  President Bush headed Monday toward his first face-off with Sen. John F. Kerry by mocking his challenger as a vacillator who could spend the whole 	0
0	Majority in Britain see Kerry as safer bet than Bush: poll  LONDON : A majority in Britain believe the world will be safer if Democrat challenger John Kerry wins this week #39;s US presidential election, suggests an opinion poll to be published on Sunday.	0 1
0	Dialogue of the deaf  It was a stormy day, with torrential rain lashing down, but an audience splashed their way to a north London theatre to hear four leading commentators discuss Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s latest plan for his country and the Palestinians.	4
1	Once Again, London Britches Falling Down  Britain #39;s homeland security czar, one of the most powerful members of Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s government, is embroiled in a political sex scandal with his former mistress that threatens to torpedo his career.	3
0	Sharon Opens Stormy Parliament Debate on Gaza Plan   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  on Monday submitted his Gaza withdrawal plan for a crucial  parliamentary vote, while tanks and troops killed 16  Palestinians in a raid against militants in the coastal strip.	4
1	'I'd trust a woman president more'  Still, given a choice between George Bush and John Kerry, Carlos Santana prefers Kerry.	1
3	Update 1: Asian, European Markets Advance; Oil Up  Stock markets rose across Europe and Asia, oil prices edged up and the US dollar was modestly higher Wednesday as US President Bush crept closer to re-election in a tight race for the White House.	0
0	Bush Re-election May Have Helped Gain Release Of Israeli From <b>...</b>  President Bush #39;s re-election was one of the factors contributing to the decision of Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak to free an Israeli Arab convicted of spying from 	0
0	Bush urges N. Ireland leaders to accept Anglo-Irish proposal  WASHINGTON (AFP) - US President George W. Bush has urged Northern Ireland #39;s leaders to accept an Anglo-Irish proposal aimed at ending political deadlock between Protestants and Roman Catholics, the White House said.	0
1	Ken Bigley is alive says brother  The brother of Ken Bigley has said he has new information the British hostage in Iraq is alive and appealed to Tony Blair to keep him that way.	3
1	Arafat says Palestinian state more likely with Netanyahu as PM  In interview with Financial Times, PA chief says, With Sharon its much harder. Claims contacts with Sharon still held through his son MK Omri Sharon.	2
1	President calls for creating intelligence chief  President Bush yesterday embraced the creation of a strong national intelligence director with  #39; #39;full budgetary authority quot; over America #39;s spy 	0
3	US textile firms want curbs on Chinese imports  WASHINGTON - On the eve of a presidential debate on domestic issues with employment a crucial concern, American textile companies and workers have asked President George W. Bush to help save their jobs by limiting Chinese imports, which may surge once a 	0
0	Bush, Kerry hit the campaign trail after hard-fought debate (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush and Democratic rival John Kerry hit the campaign trail running, courting voters in battleground states after their hard-fought second debate left the race for the White House in a dead heat.	0 1
1	Gaza pullout is worthy gamble  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is taking a huge political risk in ordering the pullout of settlers from the Gaza Strip. It is a gamble worth taking.	4
1	Copyright 2004 Houston Chronicle Washington Bureau  WASHINGTON - President Bush on Monday turned to an outsider to bolster his economic team, nominating Kellogg Co. chief executive and Cuban-born Carlos Gutierrez as the next commerce secretary.	0
0	Bush Reaches Out to Hispanics at Event (AP)  AP - Celebrating Hispanic Heritage Month, President Bush on Wednesday reached out to an important election-year constituency by talking up the benefits to minorities of his education and homeownership agenda.	0
1	Last chance to agree power deal, Blair tells Ulster parties  An impatient Tony Blair yesterday warned that Northern Ireland #39;s political parties had their last chance to reach a compromise as he began three days of intensive talks to revive the peace process and rescue the Good Friday agreement.	3
1	Top adviser tapped for education post  President Bush yesterday nominated his domestic policy adviser, Margaret L. Spellings, to become the nation #39;s new secretary of education, tapping 	0
0	Bush calls for broader Iraq debt relief  SANTIAGO, Nov 21 (AFP) - US President George W. Bush on Sunday welcomed newly scheduled Iraq elections and a deal to shave billions of dollars off the war-torn country #39;s debt, calling on all creditors to follow suit.	0
0	Arafat baulks at implementation of reforms  Committee of Palestinian MPs cast doubt on Arafat #39;s willingness to implement reform, crack down on corruption. By Majeda El-Batsh - RAMALLAH, West Bank.	2
0	Powell Wins Israeli Pledge on Palestinian Election  Reviving a long-dormant US peacemaking role, Secretary of State Colin Powell won an Israeli pledge on Monday to allow Palestinians enough freedom of movement to hold an election for Yasser Arafat #39;s successor.	2
0	Palestinians face a tough choice  CANBERRA The Palestinian presidential poll to replace Yasser Arafat, scheduled for Jan. 9, has been thrown wide open by the entry of the jailed Palestinian activist Marwan Barghouti into the race and by Hamas #39;s boycott.	2
1	Bush? Kerry? Why Pollsters Cannot Agree  WASHINGTON, Oct. 18-What is going to happen on Election Day? It depends on which pollster you ask. President Bush leads Senator John Kerry by a margin of eight points among likely voters, according 	0 1
0	Israeli Parliament approves first reading of evacuation plan  Jerusalem, Nov 4. (PTI) ;In a big push to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s disengagement plan, the Israeli Paliament has given its approval to the first reading of the Evacuation and Compensation Bill calling for the evacuation of the Gaza Strip and four 	4
1	Rice to Have Minor Surgery on Friday (Reuters)  Reuters - Secretary of State-designate Condoleezza Rice will have a minor surgical procedure on Friday while President Bush is away on a trip to Chile, her spokesman said.	0
0	Sharon backs Blair #39;s London summit plan  The Israeli prime minister, Ariel Sharon, has thrown his weight behind Tony Blair #39;s plans for a London-based Middle East conference early next year, sending him a letter of support.	3 4
0	CBS Says Was Misled About Bush Documents  NEW YORK - CBS apologized Monday and said it was misled about the authenticity of documents used to support a "60 Minutes" story that questioned President Bush's Vietnam War-era National Guard service, after several experts denounced them as fakes.   "We should not have used them," CBS News President Andrew Heyward said...	0
0	Bush, Kerry Clash on Iraq War in Debate (AP)  AP - Sen. John Kerry accused President Bush Thursday night of committing a "colossal error in judgment" by invading Iraq. "The world is better off without Saddam Hussein," the president shot back in campaign debate, adding his rival once said so himself.	0 1
0	Japan PM Prefers Bush, Could Cope with Kerry   TOKYO (Reuters) - If Junichiro Koizumi could vote in the  November U.S. presidential election, the Japanese prime  minister would almost certainly cast his ballot for his  diplomatic soul mate, President Bush.	0
3	Yuan peg to ease  #39;in stability #39;  CHINESE President Hu Jintao told his US counterpart George W. Bush that Beijing planned to loosen the yuan #39;s decade-old peg to the dollar, but only under stable economic conditions, an official said.	0
0	Powell sees Israeli withdrawal plan as opportunity for peace talks  US Secretary of State Colin Powell has said that the Gaza disengagement plan being pushed forward by Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has provided an opportunity for reactivating peace talks.	4
0	Kerry Links Iraq War Cost, Domestic Woes  WASHINGTON - Democrat John Kerry links the cost of the Iraq war to problems at home and vows in a new television ad to both "defend America and fight for the middle class."  "200 billion dollars. That's what we are spending in Iraq because George Bush chose to go it alone," Kerry says in the ad, to start airing Monday in 13 competitive states where he is on the air...	1
3	Global Stocks Rally, Oil Up as Bush Wins  US stocks climbed while bonds fell and the dollar lost ground against the euro on Wednesday as Republican President Bush won re-election in a tight race.	0
1	Bush taps EPA chief  WASHINGTON - President Bush nominated Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Michael Leavitt on Monday to be his next secretary of health and human services.	0
1	Big Apple may sour on US Republicans  It must have seemed like just the ticket at the time. But it turns out that choosing New York City as US President George W. Bush #39;s national stage for re-election at the Republican convention might not have been the best plan.	0
1	ELECTION 2004  BUSH-KERRY DEBATE: Intensity rises in duo #39;s 2nd <b>...</b>  ST. LOUIS -- In a lively and testy debate Friday, Sen. John Kerry derided President George W. Bush as the first leader to preside over job losses in 72 years and said he had transformed huge budget surpluses 	0 1
1	Tunisian medics examine Arafat, aides cite flu  Six Tunisian doctors examined Palestinian Chairman Yasser Arafat yesterday, but aides dismissed reports his health had deteriorated and said he had flu.	2
1	Sinclair Says Won't Show Entire Anti-Kerry Film   NEW YORK (Reuters) - Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc., the  nation's largest owner of TV stations, said on Tuesday it would  only air part of a documentary critical of Sen. John Kerry's  Vietnam war record, as critics demanded it cancel the broadcast  altogether or face legal action.	1
1	First daughter Jenna Bush plans to teach at DC school  President Bush #39;s daughter Jenna plans to live in the District of Columbia and teach at a public school serving low-income children.	0
0	Israel Kills 14 in Gaza Before Key Withdrawal Vote   GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli troops killed 14 Palestinians in a  Gaza refugee camp Monday as parliament prepared, under tight  security, to debate Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's plan to  withdraw from the occupied territory.	4
0	Kerry mocks rough and ready Bush, hours after debate (AFP)  AFP - Democratic hopeful John Kerry depicted President George W. Bush as angry, wrongheaded and unfit to lead, hours after the two rivals slugged out their second televised debate.	0 1
0	Arafat #39;s medical records may be released  A spokesperson for the French Defence Ministry has said the medical records of the late Yasser Arafat can be released to certain parties, such as his family.	2
0	Condoleezza Rice to become the next US secretary of state, senior <b>...</b>  US President George W. Bush plans to nominate National Security Advisor Condoleezza Rice as secretary of state in place of Colin Powell after his resignation, two senior administration officials said on Monday.	0
0	Blair's Commission for Africa demands swift international action (AFP)  AFP - Prime Minister Tony Blair's personal organisation to spearhead development activities in Africa issued a call for massive international cooperation to assist the continent.	3
3	Whether Bush or Kerry, Kyoto must do without the US  PARIS, Oct 22 (AFP) - The Kyoto Protocol for tackling global warming is at last poised to take effect -- but it will have to struggle along without the country which is the biggest source of the problem: the United States.	1
1	Bush, Kerry Trade Charges on Iraq  President Bush and Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry sparred over Iraq Monday as they campaigned in states where the race for the White House is extremely close.	0 1
1	Tearing up the road map  In 2002, President Bush laid down a  quot;road map for peace quot; between Israel and the Palestinians. That road map, to which Israel agreed, called flatly for Israelis to immediately freeze all settlement activity on the occupied West Bank.	0
0	Sharon, Likud MKs discuss pullout referendum  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on Monday met with 10 Likud members of Knesset (parliament)who have signed a letter supporting a pullout referendum, local newspaper Ha #39;aretz reported.	4
1	American Pranksters the Yes Men Seek New Recruits   LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - They are two American pranksters  serious about being simultaneously funny and subversive and  they sometimes pose as double-talking Bush loyalists or  off-the-wall officials -- the sort who offer to recycle  hamburger to stop hunger.	0
0	Israel #39;s Peres Urges Likud Hardliners to Back Coalition  Labor Party chief Shimon Peres appealed to hard-liners in Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Likud on Friday to drop their opposition to forging a unity coalition seen as 	4
1	New Senate Judiciary Chair Warns Bush  Expected incoming chair of the Senate Judiciary Committee Arlen Specter (R-PA) cautioned President Bush not to make any far-right nominations to the US Supreme Court, especially those who would overturn Roe v Wade.	0
0	British Prime Minister in Sudan  British Prime Minister Tony Blair is in Sudan #39;s capital, Khartoum, for talks with the country #39;s leaders expected to focus on the crisis in the western Darfur region.	3
1	US now on record saying Kofi Annan should remain UN chief  UNITED NATIONS The United States has gone on record saying UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan should remain on the job, a week after President Bush pointedly chose not to voice such support.	0
0	Straw visits Arafat tomb  Foreign Secretary Jack Straw has laid a wreath at Yasser Arafat #39;s West Bank grave and says talks with new Palestinian leaders have given him optimism about a revival of Middle East peacemaking.	2
1	Sharon says nothing will stop his push forward with Gaza pullout <b>...</b>  (Jerusalem-AP) Oct. 18, 2004 - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is standing behind his Gaza pullout plan. Sharon says despite unrelenting criticism from settlers, nothing will stop his plans to get out of the Gaza Strip and parts of the West Bank.	4
1	Bush, Kerry Wrangle Over Bin Laden Video  President Bush speaks to supporters at a campaign rally at Tinker Field, Saturday, Oct. 30, 2004 in Orlando, Fla. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais).	0
0	Poll Says Bush Still Has Edge Over Kerry (AP)  AP - More voters consider President Bush a strong leader who can do a better job combatting terrorism even though they widely agree that Democratic Sen. John Kerry won the first debate focused solely on foreign policy.	0 1
1	Bush, Kerry Prepare for Crucial Debate  President Bush and Sen. John F. Kerry went through their final preparations today for a potentially crucial debate in St. Louis, Mo.	0
0	Blair Returns to Downing Street after Heart Op  Prime Minster Tony Blair insisted he was absolutely fine tonight after hospital treatment for a recurring heart problem. A smiling Mr Blair returned 	3
1	Powell Wins Israeli Pledge on Palestinian Election  Reviving a long-dormant US peacemaking role, Secretary of State Colin Powell won an Israeli pledge on Monday to allow Palestinians enough freedom of movement to hold an election for Yasser Arafat #39;s successor.	2
0	Blair may visit Israel to revive peace process  The Israeli foreign minister, Silvan Shalom, announced prematurely yesterday that Tony Blair was planning a state visit to Israel in the run-up to Christmas.	3
1	Sharon hopes parliament vote will lend legitimacy  After months of bullying and subterfuge to keep his contentious Gaza withdrawal plan alive, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is hoping for solid approval in Israel #39;s parliament to finally give it the legitimacy it needs.	4
1	Moves Cement Tilt Toward the Hard-Line Stance  By accepting Secretary of State Colin L. Powell #39;s resignation, President Bush appears to have taken a decisive turn in his approach to foreign policy.	0
0	Bush Leads Kerry by One Point - Reuters Poll (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush held a one-point lead over Democratic rival John Kerry nationwide but Kerry gained a slight advantage in the showdown state of Ohio, according to Reuters/Zogby polls released on Wednesday.	0 1
0	Israel's Sharon Agrees to Changes to W. Bank Barrier   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon agreed to  changes in the route of Israel's West Bank barrier on Wednesday  but insisted on keeping key Jewish settlement blocks inside,  political sources said.	4
1	Iraqi leader becomes campaign #39;s newest lightning rod  President George W. Bush, who has relentlessly criticized John Kerry as unfit to lead the country, found a new issue with which to renew the criticism Friday: Kerry #39;s comments 	0 1
0	World Recalls Arafat the Icon, Hopes for Peace (Reuters)  Reuters - Thousands poured onto Palestinian streets to mourn Yasser Arafat on Thursday while world leaders praised him as an icon of his people's struggle whose death could usher in a new Middle East peace drive.	2
1	Bush and Blair present united front on new chance for Mideast <b>...</b>  WASHINGTON (CP) - President George W. Bush and his staunch Iraq ally, Britain #39;s Tony Blair, presented a united front Friday on enlisting Europe #39;s help for a new push to establish a peaceful Palestinian state.	0 3
0	Cleric Rushes to See Arafat; Burial Plans Proceed   PARIS (Reuters) - A top Muslim cleric rushed to Yasser  Arafat's hospital bedside on Wednesday, insisting the veteran  Palestinian leader was still alive even as aides arranged for  his burial and prepared for a transfer of power.	2
1	Memos debate eclipses content  WASHINGTON - Questions about President Bush #39;s service in the Texas National Guard have been shunted to the background by a debate over the authenticity of newly disclosed documents that purport to show problems with his performance as a pilot.	0
0	Bush calls for stop to outside ads, lauds Kerry's Vietnam war record (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush called for a stop to campaign ads by independent groups, including those targetting John Kerry's war record, and praised his Democratic rival's service as a Swift Boat captain in Vietnam.	0 1
1	As First Debate Nears, Rivals Seek to Bring Iraq Into Focus  Three days before their televised debate on foreign policy, President Bush ridiculed Senator John Kerry today, asserting that the Democratic challenger #39;s shifting positions 	0 1
0	Bush Making Gains in Battleground States  WASHINGTON - President Bush has been solidifying his gains in states that once were dead heats, forcing both parties' campaigns to alter strategies as the electoral battleground shrinks. Democrat John Kerry is struggling to stay afloat in some hotly contested states, including Missouri, Wisconsin and Ohio, where polls show Bush pulling ahead...	0 1
0	Netanyahu backs Sharon #39;s plan for coalition with Labor  Israeli Finance Minister Benjamin Netanyahu gave his support Tuesday to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on his plan to invite the Labor Party into a unity government, Ha #39;aretz reported, citing an aide of Sharon.	4
0	Arafat offers to help seek UK hostage #39;s release: Irish politician  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat has promised to offer help to win the release of British hostage Kenneth Bigley held by militants in Iraq, the BBC quoted a senior Irish politician as reporting on Tuesday.	2
0	Arabs Wary of Next U.S. President (AP)  AP - Rolling his eyes toward heaven, Bakry Omar said there was no chance war-weary Arabs would get a better deal from John Kerry than from President Bush.	0 1
0	ABC News World Leaders Mourn Arafat at Funeral  An Egyptian military honour guard escort the coffin carrying late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat during the funeral procession in Cairo, Egypt, Friday Nov. 12, 2004.	2
1	Red states won - now the red ink  President Bush appeared quite cheery at his press conference last week. But that glow will be tested in the months ahead as he faces the task of putting America #39;s fiscal house in order after four years of massive tax cuts and rampant overspending.	0
1	Kerry Charges Bush Would Slash Benefits  Audio: The truth is coming out. George Bush has finally admitted that he intends to privatize Social Security in a second term.  quot;Im going to come out strong after my swearing in, quot; Bush said,  quot;with .	0 1
0	Kerry Stirs Gasoline Debate Amid Record Oil Prices (Reuters)  Reuters - Crude oil prices near  #36;50 a barrel spurred an attempt by John Kerry's campaign on Friday to re-inject gasoline price concerns into the election-year debate.	1
0	Bush-Sharon Road To Peace Is Just Full Of Palestinian Blood and <b>...</b>  President Bush and Prime Minister Sharon once again proved that they view the world population as uneducated, uninformed and insensitive to the sufferings of the Palestinian people since 1948.	0
1	Arafat #39;s nephew al-Kidwa refuses to rule out poisoning  Yasser Arafat #39;s nephew refused to rule out poisoning as the cause of the Palestinian leader #39;s death, even though tests have shown no trace of any known poison.	2
0	Scandal claims a tearful Blunkett  THE revenge of an ex-lover has forced the resignation of British Home Secretary David Blunkett, dealing a blow to Tony Blair less than six months before an expected general election.	3
1	Sharon determined to go ahead with pullout  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon opened the debate on his disengagement plan in the Knesset (parliament) on Monday by telling lawmakers that his plan would  quot;strengthen 	4
0	Arab Leaders As Divided On Arafat Dead as Alive  The body of Yasser Arafat arrived in the Egyptian capital Thursday night for a memorial service to be attended by a group of men he managed to inspire and antagonize over decades of tireless public diplomacy: his fellow Arab leaders.	2
0	Israeli Strike Kills 3 W.Bank Militants   JENIN, West Bank (Reuters) - An Israeli aircraft fired a  missile at a West Bank car Monday killing a leader of a  militant group linked to Palestinian President Yasser Arafat's  Fatah faction and two comrades, witnesses said.	2
1	The former police leader withdraws due to a housekeeper #39;s <b>...</b>  The White House renewed its search for a homeland security chief Saturday as the candidate President Bush thought ideal apologized for an immigration problem 	0
0	North Korea: Tyrant is Bush, not Kim  North Korea says it sees no reason to join a working-level meeting with the United States to prepare for further six-party talks on the communist state #39;s nuclear weapons development.	0
1	Bush snubs Annan during Washington visit  WASHINGTON - UN Secretary General Kofi Annan was pressed Thursday to do more in Iraq, while at the same time he was being snubbed by the US president.	0
0	Israeli demonstrators pledge to defy Gaza withdrawal  JERUSALEM Some Israeli settlers are vowing to fight Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on withdrawal from Gaza to the bitter end. Hundreds of them protested outside as Israeli lawmakers were approving a plan that 	4
0	Bush commercial angers Iraq #39;s soccer Olympians  THESSALONIKI, GreeceSaying their  quot;occupied quot; country should not be held up as a symbol of freedom, the coach and several players of Iraq #39;s celebrated soccer team are furious over a campaign commercial for US President George W. Bush.	0
0	Sharon Vows to Expand Gaza Raid, Toll Hits 55   GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon vowed  on Sunday to expand an offensive in Gaza that has killed 55  Palestinians until militants stop firing rockets into Israel.	4
0	Plea By Hostage Aid Worker  (CBS/AP) The kidnapped director of CARE International in Iraq appeared on a videotape broadcast Friday, weeping and pleading with British Prime Minister Tony Blair to withdraw troops from Iraq  quot;and not bring them to Baghdad quot; because  quot;this might be my last 	3
0	Bush, Kerry Disagree on Handling of Iraq (AP)  AP - President Bush pressed hard Thursday to undermine Democrat John Kerry as a prospective commander in chief, accusing the Massachusetts senator of waffling on Iraq and sending dangerously misleading signals to friend and foe alike.	0
1	Bush Supporter Leaves Campaign Over Role in Ad  A Vietnam veteran who worked with President Bush #39;s campaign has left over his appearance in a commercial by a group challenging Democratic candidate John Kerry #39;s 	0 1
3	Fact and Comment (Forbes.com)  Forbes.com - The stock market in 2004 has been, at best, treading water. Yet presidential election years are supposed to see equities rise. This one will be no exception. Stocks often go up in rapid bursts. As people grasp that President Bush will indeed be reelected, the market will experience a sharp rally. Expect the S amp;P 500 to end the year well above 1250, up at least 12 from year-end 2003.	0
0	Israel's Labour Seals Deal to Join Sharon's Coalition (Reuters)  Reuters - Israel's opposition Labour party is likely to join Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's coalition next week, a move that could promote his Gaza pullout plan and avoid early elections, Sharon's spokesman said on Friday.	4
3	Senate panel opposes overtime rules   A Senate committee voted yesterday to scuttle new rules that critics say would deny overtime pay to millions of workers, as Democrats won the latest round in their election-year bout with President Bush over the issue.	0
1	Blair #39;s Exit Strategy Sparks Succession Fever  British Prime Minister Tony Blair was back at work Saturday after successful heart surgery but his vow to hold on to power for five more years has sparked fevered speculation about who might succeed him and when.	3
1	Powell Will Ask Israel, Palestinians to Support January Poll  US Secretary of State Colin Powell said he will ask Israeli and Palestinian leaders to help the election process for the Jan. 9 Palestinian poll to choose a successor to Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Sharon to meet with settlement group as referendum idea gains <b>...</b>  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is to meet formally with a group of settlement leaders from Judea and Samaria Sunday for the first time in a year and half.	4
1	Bush, Kerry battle over science  President George W. Bush and his rival for the White House, John Kerry, are put under the microscope this week for their record on science, health and the environment.	0 1
0	Bush Signs Orders for Intelligence Reform  WASHINGTON - Amid a heated election-year debate on intelligence reform, President Bush signed executive orders Friday strengthening the powers of the CIA director and establishing a new national counterterrorism center.    The moves will "improve our ability to find, track and stop terrorists," White House press secretary Scott McClellan said...	0
0	Kerry, Bush battle for crucial military vote (AFP)  AFP - Republican President George W. Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry are battling feverishly for the support of soldiers and veterans, but Bush seems to have gained the upper hand as Kerry's military past comes under attack.	0 1
0	Sharon scrambles to find majority for budget, says prepared for <b>...</b>  JERUSALEM (AFP) - Israel #39;s beleaguered Prime Minister Ariel Sharon was scrambling to find a parliamentary majority for the 2005 state budget after warning that he is prepared to call fresh elections.	4
2	Schilling, he #39;s Bush league!  BOSTON -- Looking to share some of the magic that propelled the Boston Red Sox to their first World Series title in 86 years, US President George W. Bush enlisted a fan favourite to deliver his pitch while Democratic Sen.	0
0	Britain to examine bin Laden video tape: Downing Street (AFP)  AFP - Britain will examine a video message from Al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden threatening the United States with fresh attacks, Prime Minister Tony Blair's office said.	3
0	Focus: How to save our Tony from sartorial death by Burberry  We probably have the infernal Carole Caplin to thank for Tony Blair #39;s latest fashion faux pas in Italy last week. As the guest of Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi at his private villa 	3
1	Treasury Secretary Snow Will Stay in Job -W.House  Ending weeks of speculation, President Bush on Wednesday asked Treasury Secretary John Snow to stay in his job and Snow agreed to do so, the White House said.	0
0	Arafat #39;s willing executioners  Sometimes, when we think we #39;re changing 4 quarters for a dollar, we actually get short-changed. This is the case with the death of Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Helicopters Land to Evacuate Arafat to France (Reuters)  Reuters - Helicopters landed in Yasser Arafat's West Bank compound on Friday to fly out the ailing Palestinian leader for medical treatment in France, witnesses said.	2
0	Kerry Film Not Meant to Combat Attack Ads-Director (Reuters)  Reuters - Director George Butler says he hasn't seen the ads that attack U.S. presidential hopeful John Kerry's record in Vietnam, noting that his documentary "Going Upriver: The Long War of John Kerry," was well under way before the commercials were first aired.	1
0	Sharon strikes coalition deal with Labor  On a day Israeli forces attacked targets in Gaza, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon reached agreement with the Labor Party on a national unity government -- strengthening his plan to disengage from the Palestinians.	4
0	Sharon to Present Gaza Pullout Plan Oct. 25  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon told his fractious parliament on Monday that he will bring his Gaza pullout plan to the house for debate on Oct. 25 and will ask approval for compensation for evacuated settlers two weeks later.	4
0	Senate Approves Goss As Head of CIA (AP)  AP - The Republican-led Senate approved President Bush's choice to head the CIA, Rep. Porter Goss, over protests from some Democrats who said he has too many Republican ties for a job that requires independence.	0
1	Bush gets boost from Allawi visit  WASHINGTONUS President George W. Bush used a timely and symbolic visit by Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi yesterday to reaffirm his determination to stay the course in Iraq and turn chaos into stability in time for elections early next year.	0
0	Ex-Guardsman: I Contacted Kerry Campaign (AP)  AP - A retired Texas National Guard official mentioned as a possible source for disputed documents about President Bush's service in the Guard said he passed along information to a former senator working with John Kerry's campaign.	0 1
1	Kerry shows intelligence, humility  The presidential debate clearly demonstrated why John Kerry is what America needs. Time after time Kerry provided specifics and helpful information in response to the various questions while all George Bush 	1
1	Vietnam vet saved by Kerry says Sinclair film a campaign trick  Jim Rassmann, saved by John Kerry after being blown off Kerry #39;s boat during a 1969 Vietnam firefight, said Friday a Sinclair Broadcast documentary critical of Kerry #39;s anti-war activities amounts to campaign trickery.	1
1	Kerik: Bush Picks Former NYPD Commissioner To Head Homeland <b>...</b>  President George W. Bush picked former New York police commissioner Bernard Kerik to head the Department of Homeland Security, a senior administration official said Thursday.	0
1	The Many Faces Of Arafat  (CBS) On Friday, when thousands of Palestinians accompanied the coffin of Yasser Arafat to his final burial site in Ramallah on the West Bank, it was a tribute to his enormous popularity among his own people.	2
0	Arafats liver fails  Yasser Arafat lay critically ill with liver failure today and his condition was not improving, a Palestinian official said, as Israel finalised plans to bury the Palestinian president in the Gaza Strip.	2
1	Bush Recasts Rationale For War After Report  In announcing that the United States was poised to invade Iraq 19 months ago, President Bush told the nation:  quot;Intelligence gathered by this and other governments leaves no doubt that the 	0
1	Jeb Bush #39;s Influence in Fla. Inspires Awe, Rage  President Bush, borrowing a bit of biblically styled phrasing, calls Florida #39;s governor  quot;Brother Jeb. quot; The brothers -- Jeb, the younger one, and George W. -- have been 	0
0	Bush to Attend Kennedy Center Event (AP)  AP - President Bush attended a church service Sunday and then headed out on his mountain bike to ride in crisp, cool weather, getting in some exercise before attending a star-studded event at the Kennedy Center.	0
0	Bearhug Politics: Careful Steps to a New Bush-McCain Alliance  George W. Bush and John McCain's bearhug and smooch on the campaign trail last week was one of the odder embraces in politics in a long while.	0
1	Bush ups ante on Iran, N Korea  SANTIAGO, NOVEMBER 21: US President George W. Bush increased the administrations pressure on Iran on Saturday, saying that there were indications that the country was speeding forward in the production of a key ingredient for nuclear weapons fuel, a 	0
0	Middle East ; Gaza violence dents hopes of Mideast peace  Middle East News, JERUSALEM, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon says that any peace talks with Palestinian leaders depend on whether they can rein in militants, who killed five Israeli soldiers in Gaza in an attack on Sunday.	4
0	Democratic Volunteers to Canvass Florida (AP)  AP - Democratic "condo commandos" will handle the high rises along Florida's Gold Coast, where presidential candidate John Kerry hopes to find election-year gold among white, middle-class retirees.	1
1	Bush, Kerry camps try to make math add up to victory  National polls that show George Bush and John Kerry running neck-and-neck in the race for the White House have been leading evening newscasts for weeks.	1
3	Bush pledges to  quot;take on quot; deficit in hopes of supporting dollar  WHITE HOUSE President Bush is pledging to  quot;take on quot; the nation #39;s huge deficits -- in hopes of shoring up the sagging US dollar.	0
0	PM recovers after heart treatment  The prime minister is recovering in Downing Street after hospital treatment to correct an irregular heartbeat. Tony Blair was discharged on Friday from London #39;s Hammersmith hospital, where he underwent the procedure.	3
0	Federal Deficit Surges to Record  $413B  WASHINGTON - Democrats are blaming President Bush for the record 2004 federal deficit of  $413 billion, but Republicans say the figure shows that the economic and budget pictures are brightening.    The Treasury Department announced the figure Thursday, two weeks after the government's 2004 budget year ended and just 19 days from an Election Day in which Bush's economic and fiscal performance are pivotal issues...	0
0	Bush, Kerry in campaigning frenzy with 10 days to go (AFP)  AFP - The US presidential rivals stepped up the already frenzied pace of their campaign marathon, just 10 days before the US election.	1
1	Presidential race heads toward 2000 redux  WASHINGTON - The US presidential race headed toward the chaos of 2000 with President George W. Bush grabbing a firm lead, Democrat John Kerry refusing to concede and the possibility of no winner for days or weeks.	0
1	Bush ahead in Florida: CNN poll  US President George W. Bush has outpolled Democratic challenger John Kerry by five points among likely Florida voters according to a CNN/USA Today/Gallup poll released Monday, while other polls indicated a tighter race.	0 1
0	Soviets Might Be Around if Kerry Had Led - Cheney (Reuters)  Reuters - The Soviet Union might still exist and Saddam Hussein might dominate the Gulf if Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry had been president in recent years, Vice President Dick Cheney said on Saturday.	1
3	Middle-Class Tax Cuts Extension Approved  WASHINGTON Sept. 23, 2004 - Legislation to extend several popular middle class tax cuts cleared a House-Senate conference and could be on President Bush #39;s desk within days, handing him a major legislative 	0
0	Dems Challenge Bush in New Campaign Ad (AP)  AP - The Democratic Party questions President Bush's credibility on Iraq and the economy in a new campaign ad that shows the Republican on an aircraft carrier declaring an end to major combat under a "Mission Accomplished" banner.	0
0	Greek Opposition Cries Foul Over Florida Consulate (Reuters)  Reuters - Greece's socialist opposition accused the conservative government on Thursday of rushing through a decision to open a new consulate in the swing state of Florida to help President Bush win re-election.	0
1	Secretary to military officer says she never typed the memos  A former secretary at Ellington Air Force Base is challenging the legitimacy of documents used to discredit President Bush #39;s service in the Texas Air National Guard, saying 	0
1	Judge Rules Guantanamo Military Commissions Are Unconstitutional  A federal judge ruled Monday that President Bush had both overstepped his constitutional bounds and improperly brushed aside the Geneva Conventions in establishing military commissions to 	0
0	Arafat intelligence  #39;clueless #39;  Jerusalem - Israel #39;s  quot;clueless quot; head of military intelligence faced media ridicule on Monday after telling cabinet ministers that Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat could either make a full recovery or die.	2
0	Bush, Kerry Sharpen Attacks Over Iraq  ALLENTOWN, Pa. - President Bush and Democratic Sen...	0
1	Who Gets to Talk About Mary Cheney?  As John Kerry paused and uttered the word lesbian in last week #39;s presidential debate, the dials started to turn. Frank Luntz, a former Republican pollster who now has corporate clients, was 	1
1	Editorial : Arafat and Palestine  PALESTINIAN leader Yasser Arafat exited the world stage the same way he entered it more than three decades ago: as a deeply divisive symbol of the Palestinian cause.	2
1	White House says US investigating missing explosives in Iraq  US President George W. Bush has directed to investigate the missing of powerful explosives from one of Iraq #39;s most sensitive former military installations and the US-led 	0
0	Don't Mock Bush, Work with Him, Blair Tells Europe   LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's Tony Blair urged Europe and  the United States on Monday to bury differences over Iraq and  focus their energies on global challenges such as lasting peace  between Israelis and Palestinians.	3
0	Arafat improving, no cancer say officials  PARIS, Nov 1 (AFP) - Palestinian officials on Monday voiced optimism about the health of their ailing leader Yasser Arafat, saying he was in stable condition and had shown  quot;clear improvement quot;.	2
0	Arafat's Wife Lashes Out at Officials (AP)  AP - Yasser Arafat's wife lashed out at his top lieutenants due to arrive Monday in Paris, accusing them of seeking to "bury" him "alive" in a hysterical call to Al-Jazeera television from her husband's bedside.	2
0	Bush, on campaign trail, has deserted the White House (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush, in the throes of a hotly contested electoral battle, has virtually deserted the White House for the campaign trail as he fights for his job in the home stretch to the November 2 election.	0
1	Bush, Kerry Slam Failures of Leadership  President Bush and Democratic Sen. John Kerry accused each other on Wednesday of fundamental failures of leadership and vision in Iraq and 	0 1
0	Sen. Kerry Nearly Matches Bush's Fund-Raising (Reuters)  Reuters - Democratic presidential contender Sen. John Kerry nearly caught up to President Bush's record-breaking fund-raising efforts by taking in  #36;233.5 million, his campaign said on Friday, just behind the incumbent's  #36;242 million.	0 1
0	Bush, Kerry Duel Over Health Care Plans (AP)  AP - Sen. John Kerry said Wednesday night that President Bush bears responsibility for a misguided war in Iraq, lost jobs at home and mounting millions without health care. The Republican incumbent tagged his rival in campaign debate as a lifelong liberal bent on raising taxes and government spending.	0 1
1	Senate nears vote on Goss to head CIA  The Republican-led Senate was poised to approve President Bush #39;s choice to head the CIA, Rep. Porter Goss, over protests from some Democrats who say he has too many Republican ties for a job that requires independence.	0
1	Jailed radical to run for president  CHARISMATIC radical Palestinian leader Marwan Barghouti yesterday announced from an Israeli prison cell that he would run to succeed the late Yasser Arafat as president.	2
1	Free world #39; not among Bush fans  The US president is known as the  quot;leader of the free world. quot; Were his election up to that free world, George W. Bush would be a goner.	0
1	Bush Taunts Kerry, Tests Debate Lines  President Bush and first lady Laura Bush leave  quot;Richardson #39;s Cuisine of New Mexico quot; restaurant in Phoenix with Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz.	0
0	Bush Frees Secret Service Agent from Chile Guards  <p></p><p> SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - President Bush on Saturdayreached into a throng of squabbling bodyguards and pulled aSecret Service agent away from Chilean security officers afterthey stopped the U.S. agent from accompanying the president ata dinner.</p>	0
0	Bush Pushes Legislation to Limit 'Frivolous Lawsuits'  Class-action litigation, lawsuits seeking damages for exposure to asbestos and medical malpractice suits are the targets.	0
1	Katif Coast Leaders Invited to Meet With PM Sharon  (IsraelNN.com) The leaders of the Gush Katif communities have been invited to meet with Prime Minister Ariel Sharon tomorrow. As of now, the Katif leadership is debating whether or not to respond positively 	4
0	Bush Recants, Says Terror War Will Be Won  NASHVILLE, Tenn. - President Bush said repeatedly on Tuesday that the United States will win its war against terrorism, trying to contain political damage from the doubt he expressed a day earlier...	0
0	Bush Revamps Speech, Keeps Theme Same (AP)  AP - President Bush is charging Democrat John Kerry with having a limited vision of the war on terror that won't keep America safe, in a campaign speech revamped to call attention to the central argument of his re-election bid.	0
3	Blogs Send Stocks Into Reverse  US stocks reversed course suddenly on Tuesday and drifted lower as chatter on the Internet speculated that early exit polls had Sen. John Kerry leading the presidential election in key swing states.	1
1	Bush, Kerry spar again on war  President George W. Bush and Sen. John Kerry traded heated criticism yesterday in their final full day of campaigning before Thursday #39;s debate, with Bush accusing Kerry 	0 1
1	Slouching towards Bethlehem   #39;.the central lie of this campaign is the way Bush morphed Osama bin Laden and Saddam Hussein, the religious fanatic and the secular dictator.	0
1	Report: Arafat suffered from Cirrhosis  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat suffered from cirrhosis - widespread disruption of normal liver structure usually caused by alcohol abuse -lthough he was a true water drinker, the French newspaper Le Monde reported today.	2
1	George W #39;s burger bar inspires win  An artist who visited President Bush #39;s home-town burger bar for a film on Texas and created a wallchart linking acid-house music and brass bands, has been named the 25,000 ( $67,200) winner of the 2004 Turner Prize for contemporary art.	0
1	9/11 Families Group Rebukes Bush for Impasse on Overhaul  The principal advocacy group for families of victims of the Sept. 11 attacks blamed President Bush and a group of House Republicans on Wednesday for the failure of Congress 	0
1	"Fahrenheit" Rises Up on DVD (E! Online)  E! Online - Michael Moore has an October surprise planned for President Bush.	0
3	Kerry says expand Fannie, Freddie housing focus  US Democratic presidential candidate Sen. John Kerry said he would expand the low-income housing focus of mortgage finance companies Fannie Mae and Freddie 	1
0	Arafat to leave compound for treatment in Paris  Ailing Palestinian President Yasser Arafat prepared to fly to a Paris hospital yesterday for treatment of a serious blood disorder, leaving a compound where he has 	2
0	Bush, Kerry Campaign in West Before Debate  SANTA FE, N.M. - Bracing for their final debate, John Kerry accused President Bush of favoring "friends in the oil industry" over consumers strapped with rising fuel bills on Monday while Bush said his challenger so misunderstood the war on terror that he thought it could be reduced to "a nuisance" akin to prostitution or illegal gambling...	0 1
0	Danforth: Want to spend time with my wife  US Ambassador to the United Nations John Danforth wants to return to private life when President George W. Bush begins his second term.	0
1	Tens of thousands protest GOP convention  Tens of thousands of demonstrators carrying signs and chanting  quot;No More Bush quot; marched Sunday past Madison Square Garden, the site of this week #39;s Republican National Convention.	0
0	Hamas announces halting attacks on Israelis  A senior Hamas leader announced on Monday that the group has decided to halt its attacks on the Israelis ahead of the Palestinian elections, scheduled for January 9 to choose a leader after the late Yasser Arafat died earlier this month.	2
1	What Kerry Needs to Say  You have to admire one thing about Dick Cheney: Hes unabashedly direct. When the Vice President told Iowa voters last week, if we make the wrong choice in this election then the danger 	1
0	Anti-Kerry Veterans Send Mail to 6 States (AP)  AP - Vietnam veterans who oppose John Kerry's presidential campaign sent out 2.4 million pieces of mail in six battleground states over the past two weeks, restating their complaints against the Democratic candidate.	1
1	Paper Challenges Bush #39;s Guard Record  Description: President Bush made signed commitments to the National Guard on which he may not have followed through, according to a report by The Boston Globe based on documents from the late 1960s and early 1970s.	0
0	Bush, Kerry Ready New Ads for Fall Blitz (AP)  AP - President Bush vows to "spread ownership and opportunity," "make our economy more job friendly" and help lower health care costs in a fresh wave of campaign ads meant to lay out a sweeping second-term agenda as he emerges from the Republican convention.	0
0	Poll Shows Tie; Concerns Cited on Both Rivals  Voters hold a critical view of President Bush's record, but they have reservations about Senator John Kerry, according to the latest New York Times/CBS News Poll.	0 1
0	Bush Surges Eight Points Ahead of Kerry - Poll (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush climbed to an eight-point lead over Democratic challenger John Kerry in a USAToday/CNN/Gallup poll released on Sunday, the same advantage he held before the three presidential debates.	0 1
0	Bush Backs Authority for Intel Director  WASHINGTON - President Bush told members of Congress on Wednesday he supports giving a new national intelligence director strong budgetary authority over much of the nation's intelligence community, a key provision in the Sept. 11 commission's recommendations...	0
3	High court will rule on cable network access  WASHINGTON - The Supreme Court, accepting appeals from the cable-television industry and the administration of President George W. Bush, has agreed to decide whether cable operators must open their high-speed data networks to Earthlink Inc.	0
0	Poll Shows Bush, Kerry in Virtual Tie (AP)  AP - The GOP convention gave President Bush a double-digit lead, but the race has settled into a virtual tie with voters still worried about the economy and Iraq, according to polling by the Pew Research Center.	0 1
0	Video Airs British Hostage Asking for Troops Withdrawal  British aid worker Margaret Hassan, kidnapped in Iraq, appeared in a video aired by Arab TV station al-Jazeera asking British Prime Minister Tony Blair to withdraw troops.	3
0	Hostage in wire cage renews his plea to Blair  A British hostage in Iraq has again appealed to British Prime Minister Tony Blair to help free him. The videotape aired on Wednesday left his family relieved 	3
0	Rumsfeld Mum About Future in Bush Cabinet  In the middle of a major shakeup of President Bush's Cabinet, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Monday he has not yet discussed his future with the president.	0
0	Review Finds More Bush Military Records  WASHINGTON - Weeks after Texas National Guard officials signed an oath swearing they had turned over all of President Bush's military records, independent examiners found more than two dozen pages of previously unreleased documents about Bush.    The two retired Army lawyers went through Texas files under an agreement between the Texas Guard and The Associated Press, which sued to gain access to the files...	0
1	YOUR news source for Wednesday, August 25, 2004  When rival political camps start attacking each other #39;s credibility, you know an election is looming. That #39;s where things are now in the presidential race between Republican President George Bush and his challenger, Democratic Sen. John Kerry.	1
1	Arafat in critical condition: aides  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat has been in a coma for several hours and now in critical condition, Arafat #39;s senior aides said on Thursday.	2
0	Israel may encourage moderate Palestinians  The United States has reported encouraged Israel to help strengthen the position of moderate Palestinians in the wake of Yasser Arafat #39;s death.	2
1	Rather to Leave 'CBS Evening News' Post (AP)  AP - Dan Rather's remaining months spent on-air as leader of CBS News may be to ensure that his 42-year career there isn't defined by the network's report on President Bush's National Guard service.	0
0	Knesset Resumes Gaza Pullout Debate Ahead Of Vote  Debate has resumed in the Israeli parliament, the Knesset, ahead of a vote this evening on Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to withdraw Jewish settlers and troops from the Gaza Strip and parts of the West Bank.	4
0	Bush, Kerry Differ on Approach to North Korea  President Bush and his rival, Senator John Kerry, may have clashed over how to stop North Korea #39;s nuclear plans but their policies are not as far apart as their first debate suggested, analysts said on Friday.	0
1	Kerik Slated For Homeland Security Post  The President calls on a veteran police officer to protect America. Bush said,  quot;Bernie Kerik is one of the most accomplished and effective leaders of law enforcement in America.	0
0	Bush Asks Another  #36;691M in Hurricane Aid (AP)  AP - President Bush asked Congress Tuesday for an additional  #36;691 million to aid victims of hurricanes and other natural disasters as the election-year price tag for recent emergencies surged toward  #36;13 billion.	0
0	CORRECTED: Sharon Approves 1,000 Settlement Homes in W.Bank   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  has approved building tenders for 1,000 homes in Jewish  settlements in the West Bank frozen earlier to avoid upsetting  the United States, political sources said on Tuesday.	4
1	Bush, Kerry Prepare for Friday Debate  The next big moment in the US presidential campaign comes Friday in St. Louis, Missouri, when President George Bush and Senator John Kerry hold their second of three debates.	1
3	Low job creation in September gives Kerry new ammunition  WASHINGTON _ In a report with political significance, the Labor Department said Friday that companies added 96,000 jobs to their payrolls last month, far short of the 150,000 increase that had been widely expected.	1
0	Sharon rejects Gaza referendum demand  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon rejected a demand Sunday by Jewish settlers that he hold a national referendum on his plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip.	4
3	EU to lift trade sanctions against US amid lingering doubts (AFP)  AFP - The EU commission acted to ease trade tensions with the United States, saying it would lift sanctions after US President George W. Bush approved a repeal of illegal corporate tax breaks.	0
1	CNN: Bush holds slight lead in Electoral College  President Bush heads into the Republican National Convention next week with a small lead over Democratic challenger John Kerry in the all-important Electoral College, according to a new CNN analysis of state polling, advertising buys and 	0 1
0	US now on record saying Kofi Annan should remain UN chief  UNITED NATIONS The United States has gone on record saying UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan should remain on the job, a week after President Bush pointedly chose not to voice such support.	0
1	Sharon Optimistic About Peace Prospects in Post-Arafat Era  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon sounded a note of optimism about the prospects for Middle East peace, crediting the new leadership of the Palestinian Authority for the brightened outlook.	4
0	Key Events in Yasser Arafat #39;s Life  August 4, 1929: Born in Cairo, Egypt, fifth child of Palestinian merchant Abdel Raouf al-Qudwa al-Husseini. 1933: Mother Zahwa dies.	2
1	Most Arab Governments are Putting Their Stock in George Bush for a <b>...</b>  Most Arab governments have decided to put their stock in George W. Bush for another term, concluding prematurely that the American presidential elections have been decided in favor of the Republican candidate.	0
1	Aide: Gaza Plan Aims to Block Statehood  JERUSALEM Oct. 6, 2004 - A top adviser to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said in a published interview Wednesday that Israel #39;s planned withdrawal from the Gaza Strip is meant to delay the establishment of a 	4
0	Debates Give Kerry Last Chance to Make Case (Reuters)  Reuters - When President Bush and Sen. John Kerry open a series of debates on Thursday, voters will get their first chance to directly compare the White House candidates -- and Kerry will get perhaps his last chance to convince Americans he is up to the job.	0 1
1	Blair speaks to hostage family as deadline looms  British Prime Minister Tony Blair spoke to the family of Iraq hostage Kenneth Bigley this afternoon, Downing Street said. Mr Blair spoke to the family at 2pm, after they issued a statement appealing for the 	3
1	Bush strategist Karl Rove takes victory lap after election win  WASHINGTON, Nov 7 (AFP) - Karl Rove, chief strategist behind President George W. Bush #39;s successful bid to recapture the White House, took a victory lap around the US talk shows Sunday, expounding on the strategy of the campaign he had stage-managed from 	0
0	Edwards Criticizes Bush's Record on Jobs (AP)  AP - Democratic vice presidential candidate John Edwards said Tuesday that President Bush is disconnected from the reality that many Americans struggle to pay for health care and find work.	0
0	Kerry Stumps for Black Voters at Churches  MIAMI - With just three Sundays left before Election Day, Sen. John Kerry is asking for all the help he can get from black voters and the Almighty...	1
0	Bush, Kerry Disagree on Handling of Iraq (AP)  AP - President Bush pressed hard Thursday to undermine Democrat John Kerry as a prospective commander in chief, accusing the Massachusetts senator of waffling on Iraq and sending dangerously misleading signals to friend and foe alike.	0
3	US Dollar Falls Against the Euro  The US dollar fell against the euro Wednesday amid persistent concerns over the US trade and budget deficits, despite a pledge from President Bush to work with Congress to reduce the huge twin deficits.	0
1	Newly released guard records contain letter from President Bush #39;s <b>...</b>  A packet of Texas Air National Guard records newly released Friday showed that the commanding officer of President Bush #39;s basic training unit took a special interest in him as 	0
0	Sharon appears to have majority for parliament vote on Gaza <b>...</b>  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has locked up enough support to win a scheduled parliamentary vote on his Gaza withdrawal plan, but is deeply concerned about growing fissures within the ruling Likud Party, aides said Thursday.	4
0	Leaders Threatened by Terrorist Groups Large and Small  The vulnerability of world leaders to terrorist attack was starkly exposed again today by the discovery of a bomb near Tony Blair #39;s holiday villa on Sardinia. 	3
0	AP: Kerry Fund-Raisers, S. Korean Spy Met (AP)  AP - A South Korean embassy official who met with John Kerry fund-raisers to talk about creating a political group for Korean-Americans was in fact a spy for his country, raising concerns among U.S. officials that he or Seoul may have tried to influence the fall presidential election.	1
0	Bush Gets Endorsement of NYC Firefighters (AP)  AP - Within minutes of arriving in his GOP convention city, President Bush was embracing New York firefighters  #151; human symbols of the Sept. 11 attacks that defined his first term and are a main focus of his re-election campaign.	0
1	Bush ally used Ground Zero rescue crew flat as a love nest  The murk surrounding Bernard Kerik, whose nomination to be homeland security chief by President George Bush fell apart a week ago, thickened yesterday amid reports he used an apartment 	0
2	Droughns may get more totes  Mike Shanahan, who runs the Broncos #39; personnel business in his own secret service way, spent time with President Bush this week during a campaign stop in the area.	0
1	Palestinians #39; New Leadership Must Fight Terrorism, Powell Says  The new Palestinian leadership that takes over after the death of Yasser Arafat must renounce terrorism and work to unite the Palestinian people, US Secretary of State Colin Powell said.	2
1	McCain Says Kerry #39;s Anti-War Protests Open for Debate  Republican US Senator John McCain said Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry #39;s anti-war activities after he returned from Vietnam are an appropriate subject for political debate.	1
0	Blair and Ahern meet amid hope for Leeds Castle talks  Tony Blair met his Irish counterpart, Bertie Ahern, yesterday to co-ordinate a joint strategy aimed at achieving a breakthrough at next weekend #39;s major Anglo-Irish summit, due to be held in Kent.	3
0	Ailing Arafat arrives in Paris  PARIS:An ailing Yasser Arafat has arrived at a Paris military hospital for treatment of a blood disorder after leaving his West Bank compound for the first time in nearly three years.	2
0	Bush re-elected  TDN- If the people of NATO countries had voted in the presidential elections of the only superpower in the world, John Kerry would have probably been elected as US president.	1
1	Bush vows to use  #39;political capital #39;  A confident, lighthearted President Bush vowed yesterday to move quickly and vigorously to enact the ambitious agenda he set out during the campaign, saying  quot;the people made it clear what they wanted.	0
1	Bush questions Kerry #39;s commitment to Iraq war  LAS VEGAS - President George W. Bush on Tuesday acknowledged the hardships the war in Iraq has caused Guard members and their families, and assailed Sen. John Kerry for arguing that the United States is spending 	0 1
1	Arafat #39;s Nephew To Receive Health File  Yasser Arafat #39;s nephew and the PA envoy to the United Nations, Nasser al-Kidwa, headed to Paris on Friday to obtain the medical file detailing the causes of Yasser Arafat #39;s death.	2
0	Democrats Question Kerry's Campaign Funds (AP)  AP - Democratic Party leaders said Wednesday they want to know why Sen. John Kerry ended his presidential campaign with more than  #36;15 million in the bank, money that could have helped Democratic candidates across the country.	1
1	Nations voice concern for Arafat  Leaders around the world expressed concern for Yasser Arafat #39;s health as he left the Palestinian territories for Paris for urgent medical tests.	2
0	Blair #39;s five-a-side  #39;friendly #39; tackle leaves Berlusconi hobbling <b>...</b>  Silvio Berlusconi, Italy #39;s prime minister, has discovered the high price of clashing with Tony Blair: he has been forced to seek hospital treatment for a leg injury sustained when 	3
0	Bush Surveys Hurricane Damage in Florida  PENSACOLA, Fla. - President Bush told shell-shocked survivors of Hurricane Ivan on Sunday that "we're praying for you" as he made his third campaign-season trip to Florida and his first to Alabama to assess storm damage...	0
3	Bush's Big Economic Pick Is Next Fed Chief (AP)  AP - While President Bush is busy putting together his Cabinet for a second term, the financial world's attention is on a job vacancy 14 months away: Who will succeed Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan?	0
0	Bush Taunts Kerry, Tests Debate Lines  COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. - President Bush taunted Democratic rival John Kerry and tested debate lines before friendly audiences in Colorado and Arizona on Tuesday while Kerry crammed in private for Wednesday night's final faceoff of the campaign...	0 1
0	Bush Sees 'Opening' for Mideast Peace in Arafat's Death  The death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat gives the Bush administration a rare diplomatic opening in the stalled Middle East peace process, though the extent and reach of the U.S. involvement is still to be determined, administration officials said.	0 2
0	Sharon wants new coalition  Jerusalem - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon vowed to forge a coalition with the opposition Labour Party on Tuesday, to save his ruined government and stave off snap elections that could stymie his Gaza withdrawal plan.	4
0	House passes intel changes; Senate OK likely (USATODAY.com)  USATODAY.com - In a decisive victory for President Bush and a bittersweet triumph for the families of Sept. 11 victims, the House of Representatives on Tuesday approved a sweeping overhaul of the nation's intelligence agencies.	0
0	Arafat Buried in Chaotic Scenes in West Bank (Reuters)  Reuters - Yasser Arafat was buried on Friday in chaotic scenes of grief and gunfire at the compound where he spent his final years encircled by the Israeli army and powerless to realize his dream of a Palestinian state.	2
1	Bush says overhauling Social Security top priority  US President George W. Bush said on Thursday that overhauling the US Social Security system would be a top priority in his second term and  quot;now is the time toconfront Social Security.	0
1	US economic policy after Bush #39;s reelection  US President George W. Bush pledged to seek to earn the trust of those who did not back him during the election campaign, after claiming a reelection victory on Wednesday.	0
0	Cheney Admonishes Kerry Over Explosives (AP)  AP - Vice President Dick Cheney, faced with growing criticism from John Kerry over the disappearance of hundreds of tons of explosives in Iraq, said Wednesday that the Democrat doesn't even know if the weapons were in the storage facility when invading U.S. troops passed through.	1
1	Sharon pleased with drop in terror attacks  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is pleased with recent results in the fight against terror, but says the fight will continue uncompromisingly.	4
0	Norwegians Place Anti-Bush Ad in Washington Post (Reuters)  Reuters - Norwegians including artists and politicians made a rare foray into U.S. politics Tuesday with an advertisement in a U.S. newspaper saying that President Bush's war on terror was backfiring.	0
0	Kerry to Visit Iraq During Mideast Trip (AP)  AP - Former Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry will travel to Iraq next month as the war-torn country prepares for elections.	1
1	Talk of war, health care  Wading into a potential political minefield, President George W. Bush yesterday pledged to improve conditions for National Guard personnel serving in Iraq and Afghanistan and said 	0
0	Sharon: Negotiations with PA possible  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on Tuesday addressed the new status of the disengagement plan following the death of Palestinian Authority Chairman Yasser Arafat and the impending inception of new leadership in the Palestinian Authority.	2 4
1	Iraq a  #39;diversion #39; from fighting Al Qaeda, Kerry says  PHILADELPHIA -- The invasion of Iraq  quot;was a profound diversion quot; from the war against America #39;s true terrorist threat, Al Qaeda, and President Bush #39;s actions before, during, and since the attack have made America more vulnerable to terrorism, Democratic 	0 1
0	Arafat #39;s hospital file taken by widow  YASSIR ARAFATS widow visited yesterday the French hospital where he died and retrieved his widely sought medical records, just as his nephew was about to collect them.	2
0	UK Verdict May Jeopardize Blair's Terror Policies   LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair's  security strategy, a central plank in his re-election bid,  looked in trouble on Friday after a landmark legal ruling  against a vital part of his anti-terror policy.	3
0	Candidates Play on Fears of Attacks, War (AP)  AP - Playing on the fear factor, Vice President Dick Cheney suggested in a campaign speech there might be another terrorist attack on the United States if John Kerry were in the White House. President Bush's opponents' are raising their own worst fears, including the potential for more wars during a second Bush term.	0 1
1	Analysis: The scene, post-Arafat  Arafat disabled is in some ways a bigger problem than Arafat dead. If he dies, Palestinians must accept it quickly and try to engineer a succession.	2
0	Official: No evidence Arafat was poisoned  Ramallah, West Bank -- A top Palestinian official said Saturday there is no evidence that Israel poisoned Yasser Arafat, but he called for an investigation into the cause of death of the Palestinian leader.	2
0	Arafat arrives in Paris for medical treatment  Arafat bid farewell to his people in Palestine. 75-year-old Palestinian leader Arafat left Amman #39;s military airport aboard a French plane at around 8:00 am (0600 GMT) Friday on his way to Paris for medical treatment.	2
0	2004 Deficit Hits Record  $413 Billion  WASHINGTON - The federal deficit surged to a record  $413 billion in 2004, the Treasury Department announced Thursday, injecting the figure into a presidential campaign in which the two parties have clashed over President Bush's management of the economy and the budget.    The number was a significant improvement from the shortfalls that analysts projected earlier this year, including a  $521 billion estimate the Bush administration made in February...	0
0	Arafat Said to Have Liver Failure; PM to Visit   PARIS (Reuters) - President Yasser Arafat, critically ill  in a Paris hospital, has suffered liver failure, a Palestinian  official said on Sunday as three top Palestinian leaders  prepared to fly to France to be at his bedside.	2
0	Bush Touts U.S.-Backed Anti-Drug Efforts (AP)  AP - President Bush aims to highlight the benefits of American drug-fighting aid in Colombia and boost a conservative Latin American leader with a brief, security-laden stop in the Andean nation.	0
0	Questions Raised About Bush Guard Service  WASHINGTON - New documents unearthed in the midst of the presidential campaign fill in some blanks but raise other questions about the sometimes mysterious and spotty story of President Bush's military service during Vietnam when he won a coveted spot in the Texas Air National Guard and avoided the war.    Reviving issues that have shadowed his political career, the documents show Bush ignored a direct order from a superior officer and lost his status as a Texas Air National Guard pilot more than three decades ago because he failed to meet military performance standards and undergo a required physical examination...	0
1	Bush Wants N. Korea to Resume Disarmament Talks  Facing nuclear challenges on two fronts, President Bush warned Saturday that Iran #39;s suspected weapons program is  quot;a very serious matter, quot; and he stood with leaders of Asia 	0
0	Navy Says Kerry's Service Awards OK'd (AP)  AP - The Navy's chief investigator concluded Friday that procedures were followed properly in the approval of Sen. John Kerry's Silver Star, Bronze Star and Purple Heart medals, according to an internal Navy memo.	1
1	Cornered Bush attacks John Kerry  With polls showing a convincing victory for John F Kerry in the first presidential debate, President George W Bush launched a fresh attack on his democratic rival saying  quot;Kerry Doctrine quot; would give foreign governments veto power over the United States 	1
0	Kerry Accuses Bush of Boasting on Iraq  WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. - Democrat John Kerry said Monday that President Bush sent troops into war without necessary equipment and accused the commander in chief of "arrogant boasting that he's done everything right in Iraq."  "Mr...	0 1
0	Bush, Kerry Spar on Science, Health Care (AP)  AP - Sen. John Kerry on Thursday accused President Bush of slowing scientific advancement after earning a special endorsement from the widow of actor Christopher Reeve, while Bush criticized his rival on health care and medical liability reform in Pennsylvania.	0 1
1	Mending fences in Canada  In Ottawa, it was all smiles Tuesday as President Bush shook hands with Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin and kicked off a two-day state visit.	0
1	Bush, Kerry diverge on strategy  With one debate remaining, President Bush plans to continue attacking his rival on terrorism and taxes while Sen. John F. Kerry focuses on domestic issues appealing to swing voters.	0 1
1	Bush Enhances CIA Role as Interim Reform  President Bush, embroiled in a fierce campaign battle over national security, on Friday expanded the power of the CIA director to include some of the broad authority that the Sept.	0
0	Kerry Enlisting Clinton Aides in Effort to Refocus Campaign  Former President Bill Clinton offered John Kerry advice, as Mr. Kerry enlisted more Clinton advisers for the campaign.	1
0	Stage set for Bush election bid  President Bush is due to lay out his vision for the next four years in a speech to the Republican convention.	0
1	Kerry Returns to Capitol, for the Most Part Silent  John Kerry returned to the Senate on Tuesday for the first time since the election and spent much of the day there the same way he has spent much of the last 20 years - on his own.	1
0	S.Korea praises Arafat as peace leader  South Korea sent condolences on the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat Thursday, praising him as a leader dedicated to peace in the Middle East.	2
1	Ohio Remains a Toss-Up in Presidential Race  (Eaton, OH) - A recent WISH-TV Indiana poll showed President Bush winning Indiana over John Kerry 55-35 percent. It #39;s a different story next door in Ohio.	0 1
1	Analysis: Egypt steps into the regional ring  Something big is happening in Cairo. It isn #39;t just the release of Azzam Azzam from wrongful imprisonment as an alleged spy, or nice words from President Hosni Mubarak about Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, or the return of the Egyptian ambassador.	4
0	Election Economy at a Glance (AP)  AP - Important elements of the economic plans of President Bush and Democrat John Kerry. All figures are totals for the 10 years ending in 2014 unless otherwise indicated.	0 1
0	Arafat to Be Flown to Cairo on Friday - Aide (Reuters)  Reuters - Dead Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat's body will be flown to Cairo for a ceremony Friday and then to the West Bank city of Ramallah for burial the same day, a former aide said Thursday.	2
0	Bush Expected to Seek Hurricane Ivan Aid (AP)  AP - President Bush is expected to seek emergency aid by next week to help the East recover from Hurricane Ivan, but it remains unclear how big the package will be.	0
0	Bush accuses Kerry of "scare tactics" (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush told voters in the key state of Florida that Democratic rival John Kerry was  quot;not prepared and equipped quot; to lead the war on terrorism.	0 1
0	Yearender: Mideast peace roadmap reaches dead-end in 2004  Looking back at the major events that took place in the Middle East in 2004, the death of veteran Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is undoubtedly a world-shaker.	2
0	Bomb found near Berlusconi villa  Italian police today said they had defused a bomb near the Italian prime minister Silvio Berlusconi #39;s Sardinian holiday villa, only hours after a visit by the prime minister, Tony Blair. 	3
3	Why Bush is on the carpet with Hoover  We are likely to hear a lot about former United States president Herbert Hoover in the coming months as the US election approaches in November.	0
1	Critical memos on Bush #39;s Guard service faked?  A day after CBS News presented documents questioning President Bush #39;s National Guard service, the veracity of those papers is coming into question.	0
1	North Korea: Tyrant is Bush, not Kim  North Korea says it sees no reason to join a working-level meeting with the United States to prepare for further six-party talks on the communist state #39;s nuclear weapons development.	0
0	VIEW: Arafats rejection of Camp David Ahmad Faruqui  President Bush has a historic chance for coming up with a new peace plan based on the principles enshrined in the Oslo Accords. It is time also for Palestinians to unite behind a new leadership and stop the 	0
0	Hamas Accuses Israel of Poisoning Arafat   quot;Two Israeli intelligence agents were arrested in Jordan after trying to poison the Hamas politburo leader.. quot;. BEIRUT - Hamas leader Khaled Mashal accused Israel of poisoning Palestinian President Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Bush Suggests Terror War Cannot Be Won (AP)  AP - President Bush ignited a Democratic inferno of criticism on Monday by suggesting the war on terrorism could not be won, forcing his aides to scramble to defend his remarks just as he had hoped to bask in convention accolades.	0
0	Blair ally wanted for questioning over coup  LONDON: Police in South Africa want to question Peter Mandelson, the new European Union trade commissioner and one of British Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s closest friends, over any knowledge he may have of a coup attempt in Equatorial Guinea.	3
1	Rather to Leave 'CBS Evening News' Post (AP)  AP - Dan Rather's remaining months spent on-air as leader of CBS News may be to ensure that his 42-year career there isn't defined by the network's report on President Bush's National Guard service.	0
0	Israel Says No to Arafat Jerusalem Burial (AP)  AP - Israel is determined to keep Yasser Arafat out of Jerusalem even in death, with one Cabinet minister saying Friday that the holy city is reserved for the burial of Jewish kings, "not Arab terrorists."	2
0	Bush, Kerry Campaign in West Before Debate  SANTA FE, N.M. - Bracing for their final debate, John Kerry accused President Bush of favoring "friends in the oil industry" over consumers strapped with rising fuel bills on Monday while Bush said his challenger so misunderstood the war on terror that he thought it could be reduced to "a nuisance" akin to prostitution or illegal gambling...	0 1
0	Lawyer Advising Vets Quits Bush Campaign  WASHINGTON - One of President Bush's top lawyers resigned from his campaign Wednesday, a day after disclosing that he had given legal advice to a veterans group airing TV ads challenging Democrat John Kerry's Vietnam War service. The guidance included checking ad scripts, the group said...	0
0	Sharon gives Blair #39;s Middle East summit an unexpected boost  Israel is prepared to back a Middle East conference convened by Tony Blair early next year despite having expressed fears that the British plans were over-ambitious and designed 	3
0	Jordan sends choppers for Arafat  JORDAN sent two helicopters to the West Bank this evening to transport ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat to the kingdom en route for medical treatment in France, government spokeswoman Asma Khader said.	2
0	UK #39;s Blair Says Weapons Report Shows Iraq Breached UN Rules  UK Prime Minister Tony Blair said a US report on Iraqi arms programs shows Saddam Hussein was working to acquire banned weapons in breach of United Nations resolutions, justifying the 2003 war to depose him.	3
0	Arafat, father of the Palestinian cause  President Arafat is History. And I do not mean that he belongs to the past because he has died. Quite the contrary: his tireless efforts over so many years, since 1949, when he founded 	2
1	Bush Awards Presidential Medals of Freedom  President Bush has awarded America #39;s highest civilian honor to three men who were instrumental in the US-led invasion of Iraq.	0
1	Bush, Kerry fan out to swing states  A day after tangling over stem cell research and health care, President Bush and Sen. John Kerry will fan out again Friday to states that could tip the election.	0 1
0	Bush Faces Heavy Pre-RNC Travel Schedule (AP)  AP - President Bush charges into the final runup to the Republican National Convention with a heavy campaign schedule in key states he needs to carry in November.	0
0	Bush Said to Seek More Fla. Hurricane Aid (AP)  AP - President Bush is expected to ask Congress as early as Monday for at least another  #36;3 billion to help cover the cost of Florida's pummeling by hurricanes, congressional aides said Friday.	0
1	Kerry hits Bush on lost Ohio jobs  Senator John F. Kerry, putting his own twist on a favorite attack line of the Bush campaign, yesterday accused the president 	0 1
0	Bush Confronts New Challenge on Issue of Iran  While assembling a new national security team, President Bush is confronting what could become the biggest challenge of his second term: how to contain Iran #39;s 	0
0	Texas Editor Defends Endorsing Kerry (AP)  AP - The editor of the Crawford, Texas, weekly that bills itself as President Bush's hometown newspaper says he has no regrets about endorsing Bush's Democratic opponent John Kerry, even after a dozen business pulled their advertising from the publication.	0 1
1	Arafat #39;s wife wields power, much to his aides #39; chagrin  When Suha Tawil married Yasser Arafat nearly 15 years ago, the pairing was considered so scandalous that Arafat #39;s top aides kept the wedding a secret for more than 	2
1	Senate Panel Questions Bush #39;s CIA Pick  The top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee questioned on Tuesday whether President Bush #39;s choice to head the CIA was too partisan to be able to restore credibility to US intelligence services.	0
0	Polls Show Presidential Race Still Very Tight (Reuters)  Reuters - Poll results released on Monday were divided on who leads the U.S. presidential race, as two gave a slight edge to Massachusetts Sen. John Kerry and one showed a slim margin of voters favoring President Bush.	0 1
2	Redskins Loss - Bad News for Bush, Great for Kerry  The Washington Redskins lost their final home football game before the US presidential election on Sunday -- and that #39;s great news for Democratic Sen. John Kerry and bad news for President Bush.	0 1
1	Powell tries to jumpstart Israeli-Palestinian talks  Secretary of State Colin Powell won a cautious pledge from Israel on Monday to ease its military grip over Palestinian areas in order to make possible an election to replace the late Yasser Arafat.	2
0	China Accuses Bush of Attempting to Dominate the World  On the eve of the US Presidential election Deputy Prime Minister of China Qian Qichen accused US President George W. Bush of attempting to dominate the world.	0
0	Arafat #39;s West Bank headquarters being cleaned up to prepare for <b>...</b>  Bulldozers and earthmovers pushed aside rubble and hauled away piles of wrecked cars Wednesday to prepare Yasser Arafat #39;s battered West Bank compound for his burial.	2
0	Blair: Iraq Report Shows Sanction Problems (AP)  AP - British Prime Minister Tony Blair said Wednesday that a U.S. arms inspector's report on Iraq shows that United Nations sanctions against Saddam Hussein's regime were "not working," insisting that it backed the U.S.-British decision to go to war.	3
1	Kids Voting: Bush wins in Resurrection Catholic School poll  I volunteered to take this poll at my school because I was interested in whom kids my age would vote for. The first question I asked, If you were eligible to vote, which candidate would 	0
0	Israel's Parliament Likely to Approve Gaza Pullout   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's divided parliament is widely  expected to ratify Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's Gaza  withdrawal plan on Tuesday, a crucial step toward the first  evacuation of settlers from lands Palestinians want for a  state.	4
1	CBS Faces New Charges Over Discredited Bush Report  CBS News faced new charges of journalistic impropriety on Tuesday, a day after the network said it regretted using questionable documents in a report challenging President Bush #39;s military service.	0
0	Time for tea, while a nation decides  AFTER one of the most important speeches of his life, British Prime Minister Tony Blair was still fighting to reunite his New Labour Party yesterday as the war in Iraq continued to haunt his leadership.	3
1	Witnesses: PLO chief unhurt in Gaza shooting  Palestine Liberation Organization chairman Mahmoud Abbas escaped injury on Sunday after masked gunmen opened fire near him inside a tent where people were mourning Yasser Arafat, witnesses said.	2
0	Tunisian Doctors Examine Arafat, Aides Blame Flu   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - A Tunisian medical team  examined Yasser Arafat in the West Bank on Saturday, but aides  dismissed Israeli media reports that the Palestinian  president's health had deteriorated and said he had flu.	2
0	Business Cash for Bush Campaign, Lawyers for Kerry (Reuters)  Reuters - With direct private fund-raising for the presidential campaigns ended, President Bush has maintained the traditional Republican edge among business leaders, according to government data.	0
1	Bush Campaign Unleashes a New Assault on Kerry #39;s Health Care <b>...</b>  President Bush unleashed a new assault on Senator John Kerry #39;s health care proposals on Tuesday, signaling one of his main lines of attack when the two candidates 	0 1
1	Investors take comfort in Bush victory  Long before the concession speech and the victory address Wednesday, Wall Street celebrated President Bush #39;s re-election and the Republican Party #39;s continued control of Congress with a rally.	0
1	Clinton touts Kerrry as candidate of hope  Former Democratic President Bill Clinton praised Sen. John Kerry as a fighter with a better plan for the United States.  quot;In the closing days of this election ... the other side is trying to scare the undecided 	1
0	Massive protests expected against Bush in New York (AFP)  AFP - Tens of thousands of protesters are expected to descend on New York during next week's Republican convention to vent their anger at President George W. Bush over Iraq and a host of other issues.	0
1	The  $50,000 Question  Texans for Truth, a Democratic  quot;527 quot; organization that has attacked the president #39;s service record, is offering a reward to anyone who can prove that Bush performed his duties in the Air National Guard between May 1972 and May 1973.	0
0	Soviets Might Be Around if Kerry Had Led - Cheney (Reuters)  Reuters - The Soviet Union might still exist and Saddam Hussein might dominate the Persian Gulf if Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry had been president in recent years, Vice President Dick Cheney said on Saturday.	1
0	Grief sweeps West Bank and Gaza, as Palestinians mourn Arafat  RAMALLAH, West Bank Palestinians at home and abroad have been weeping and shouting in the streets over the death of Yasser Arafat.	2
1	Sharon gets big win he wanted in vote on unilateral withdrawal  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon won a historic victory yesterday when parliament voted to approve his plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip and parts of the West Bank - the first time that legislators have authorized the removal of Jewish settlements from 	4
0	Egypt frees Israeli in prisoner swap  JERUSALEM -- Egypt yesterday freed an Israeli convicted of spying, in exchange for the release of six Egyptian detainees in a prisoner swap that signaled warmer ties between the countries. The exchange added to the surge in regional diplomacy since Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat died last month.	2
1	Kerry accuses President Bush of hiding reserve mobilisation plan  WASHINGTON : Senator John Kerry accused President George W Bush on Friday of hiding plans to call up large numbers of reservists for active duty in Iraq until after the November elections.	0 1
0	Colombia efforts in drug war praised  Under a security web of warplanes, ships and 15,000 troops, President Bush praised Colombia #39;s battle against drugs and Marxist guerrillas Monday and pledged to keep US 	0
1	Text of Danforth letter to Bush  Text of US Ambassador John Danforth #39;s resignation letter to President Bush, as released by the US mission to the United Nations.	0
1	Rumsfeld To Remain At Pentagon  President Bush will keep Donald H. Rumsfeld as defense secretary for a second term, administration aides said yesterday, hours after Health and Human Services Secretary Tommy G. Thompson resigned 	0
0	Shooting at Arafat Mourning Site Kills One  Palestinians members of the youth organization, Palestinian Mini Parliament, affiliated to late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s Fatah movement, dressed as Arafat and holding posters with his image at the Rafah refugee camp, southern of Gaza Strip 	2
0	Bush Administration Divide Re-Emerges Over N. Korea   WASHINGTON (Reuters) - As President Bush prepares for a  second term, hard-liners are pressing once again for a more  coercive approach if six-party talks make no progress on  resolving the North Korea nuclear issue.	0
1	UK to Send Troops Into US-Controlled Area of Iraq (Update1)  UK Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s government, risking criticism from lawmakers in the ruling Labour Party, said it will redeploy 850 troops now in southern Iraq to a region controlled by US forces.	3
0	Sharon death threats investigated  Israeli authorities have launched an investigation into death threats against Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and other officials supporting his disengagement plan from Gaza and parts of the West Bank, Jerusalem police said Tuesday.	4
1	Middle East Prepares for Life without Arafat  JERUSALEM -here has been increased security here in Jerusalem and throughout Israel, but so far, it has been quiet. The entire Middle East is getting ready for a new era, a Middle East without Yasser Arafat.	2
1	Bush plays his deficit shell game  In his final debate with Sen. John Kerry on Wednesday night, President Bush reiterated his pledge to cut the nation #39;s record budget deficit in half by the end of one more term in office.	0 1
0	Kerry Makes 'Non-Political' Florida Visit (AP)  AP - Presidential candidate John Kerry may have won a few votes during his tour of neighborhoods devastated by Hurricane Charley, but he said  #151; as any politician must  #151; that strengthening support in a battleground state was not the reason for his visit.	1
1	Authenticity of Bush Memos Scrutinized  WASHINGTON Sept. 10, 2004 - Questions are being raised about the authenticity of newly unearthed memos which asserted that George W. Bush ignored a direct order from a superior officer in the Texas Air National 	0
0	Arafat Has Liver Failure, Palestinian Official Says   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian President  Yasser Arafat has liver failure and his condition is not  improving, a Palestinian official said on Sunday.	2
1	FILM REVIEW: Sky Captain And The World Of Tomorrow  With nods to Metropolis, Star Wars, Dick Tracy, The Iron Giant and even Looney Tunes, Kerry Conrans debut, Sky Captain And The World of Tomorrow, arrives in theatres after being in the works for almost as long as some of the aforementioned movies have 	1
3	President Bush signs new corporate tax-cut bill  US President George W. President Bush signed on Friday a new corporate tax bill which will shower 136 billion dollars on US businesses, farmers and other groups in coming years.	0
1	Harrowing footage shows Hassan pleading for her life  Margaret Hassan, the kidnapped British aid worker, appeared in a new and harrowing video yesterday, weeping and asking Tony Blair to save her life by halting the deployment of British 	3
1	Blair is  #39;absolutely fine #39; after medical procedure  LONDON Prime Minister Tony Blair underwent a successful medical procedure on his heart Friday, correcting an irregular beat that was diagnosed and first treated in October 2003.	3
0	KIDNAPPED AID WORKER PUTS BLAIR IN A SPOT  KIDNAPPED aid worker Margaret Hassan, in a video aired on Friday, begged British Prime Minister Tony Blair to save her life by scrapping a planned redeployment of troops and pulling them out of Iraq.	3
0	Greenspan: Economy Regaining Some Traction  WASHINGTON - Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said Wednesday the economy has "regained some traction" after a late spring slowdown that was triggered by a sharp spike in oil prices.    Greenspan's moderately upbeat forecast came as the nation entered the final two months of an election battle in which President Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry have widely different views on how the economy is performing at present...	0 1
0	Israel Holds Out Prospect of Gaza Coordination (Reuters)  Reuters - Israel held out the prospect on Monday of coordinating a planned unilateral Gaza pullout with the Palestinians if a new leadership succeeding Yasser Arafat cracked down on militants.	2
1	Newborn Twins Named Yasser and Arafat  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip - When Safra Hassan went into labor Thursday, she told her husband she wanted to name their child Yasser after Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, who died hours earlier. 	2
0	Palestinians gather outside HQ for Arafat #39;s health news  Arafat #39;s senior adviser Nabil Abu Rudeina said that Arafat was not in critical condition, but he needs a few days of rest. (Xinhua photo).	2
1	Sharon Vows Parliament Vote on Gaza Plan on Oct. 25  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon vowed on Monday to put his Gaza withdrawal plan to a parliamentary vote on Oct. 25, despite persistent violence in the coastal strip 	4
0	US Signals Flexibility on Israeli Settlement Growth   CRAWFORD, Texas (Reuters) - The Bush administration  signaled on Saturday that it may accept limited growth within  existing Israeli settlements in the West Bank in a shift that  could help embattled Prime Minister Ariel Sharon.	4
0	Israeli Settler Pay Approved, Sharon Faces Threats   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's security cabinet approved  cash advances Tuesday to entice Gaza settlers to evacuate their  homes, while police investigated death threats against Prime  Minister Ariel Sharon sparked by his pullout plan.	4
1	Sharon angers settlers by refusing to negotiate  As some Palestinians returned to their Gaza homes to survey the damage after a deadly incursion, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon tried to win support for his withdrawal plan from angry Jewish settlers.	4
1	Sharon wins backing for coalition plan  Tel Aviv: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s proposal to pull out of the Gaza strip received a major boost on Friday when he won approval from his Likud party to form a broader coalition with opposition parties.	4
0	Blair at Bigley memorial service  Tony Blair is expected to attend a memorial service for murdered British hostage Ken Bigley. The Prime Minister and Foreign Secretary Jack Straw will join members of Mr Bigley #39;s family, including his mother 	3
0	Domestic Issues Are New Focus of Campaigns  Senator John Kerry's aides are moving to shift the battle with President Bush to what they said was stronger ground - domestic policy - as the two men head into a second debate	0 1
1	Michael Moore Urges Democrats to Embrace Hollywood   BEVERLY HILLS, Calif. (Reuters) - "Fahrenheit 9/11"  director Michael Moore on Monday rejected the idea that  Hollywood had hurt John Kerry's chances of winning the White  House, insisting that he and other entertainers helped spare  Democrats an even bigger defeat.	1
1	Bush Urges UN to Show Unity on Iraq  Description: At the United Nations, President Bush defends his decision to go to war in Iraq and calls on the international community to help in reconstruction.	0
0	Bush Adminstration Cries Uncle! Backtracks and Supports Kofi Annan  On yesterdays Big Story (12/9/04), John Gibson and Heritage Foundation Fellow, Nile Gardiner, engaged in what has become daily fare on FOX News: Raking Kofi Annan over the coals.	0
0	Ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat arrives in Paris for <b>...</b>  A French military jet carrying an ailing Yasser Arafat landed Friday at an airfield outside Paris, bringing the Palestinian leader for treatment of a mysterious illness.	2
0	Bush Calls on Israel to Impose Settlement Freeze   UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - President Bush on Tuesday called  on Israel to impose a freeze on Jewish settlements in the West  Bank and Gaza, taking a harder line on settlement growth than  Washington has recently.	0
0	Race Under Way for Parties' Top Slots (AP)  AP - Jockeying for the top job at the Democratic Party is under way after Election Day losses, with former presidential hopeful Howard Dean indicating an interest in the post while other names are circulating. Republicans may reward a GOP operative who helped engineer President Bush's re-election.	0
3	Greenspan blows a  #39;Jackson Hole #39; in candidates #39; election promises  As President George Bush and John Kerry outbid each other in rosy promises, Alan Greenspan yesterday brought the election debate on the economy down to earth: Sooner or later 	1
0	Eventual burial site fuels emotional, political debate  TEL AVIV -- As Yasser Arafat's condition deteriorated in a hospital outside Paris yesterday, an explosive political crisis was brewing in Israel and the occupied territories over where the man who personifies the Palestinian national movement eventually would be buried.	2
0	Bush to give CIA chief new powers  President Bush will give the CIA director new powers as he sets up a counter-terrorism centre, the White House says.	0
1	Bush Nominates EPA #39;s Leavitt as US Health Secretary (Update1)  President George W. Bush nominated Michael Leavitt, administrator of the US Environmental Protection Agency, to head the US Department of Health and Human Services in the president #39;s second term.	0
1	Republicans urge Bush to turn attention from Iraq, Vietnam with <b>...</b>  Nervous Republicans are urging President Bush to unveil a robust second-term agenda at his convention next week to shift voters #39; focus from the unpopular war in Iraq and other issues that are a distraction to his re-election drive.	0
0	Bush Chooses Rice to Replace Powell (AP)  AP - President Bush has chosen national security adviser Condoleezza Rice to replace Colin Powell as secretary of state in his second term, a senior administration official said Monday.	0
1	Bush puppet of gun lobby: Kerry  US Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry, seeking to cut George W. Bush #39;s edge on security issues, has branded him a puppet of the powerful US gun lobby who allowed a decade-old ban on assault weapons to lapse.	0 1
1	Springsteen rocks at Kerry rally  Bruce Springsteen is to perform at John Kerry's presidential rallies in the days leading up to the election.	1
0	Democrat Wants High Court Nominee List (AP)  AP - President Bush should consult with Democrats on Supreme Court nominees to ensure a smooth path to Senate confirmation, incoming Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada said Sunday.	0
1	Yasser Arafat #39;s health suddenly worsens  Yasser Arafat #39;s health appears to have suddenly deteriorated, and a team of doctors has rushed to the Palestinian president #39;s bedside.	2
0	Nuclear issues occupy Asia-Pacific leaders  SANTIAGO, Chile - President Bush warned Saturday that Iran #39;s reported move to accelerate its alleged nuclear weapons program  quot;is a very serious matter quot; and called on the Iranians  quot;to give up any nuclear ambitions they may have.	0
0	Arafat's Wife Accuses Deputies of Wanting Him Dead   PARIS (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat's wife accused senior  Palestinian officials on Monday of plotting to "bury him alive"  and forced them to put off a planned trip to France to visit  her critically ill husband.	2
1	Rally is biggest of Bush campaign  In the largest political rally of his campaign, President Bush was greeted by nearly 50,000 cheering supporters Monday afternoon at the Voice of America Park in West Chester Township.	0
0	Arab world pessimistic on Bush second term  Arab governments and people waited Wednesday for the final results of the US presidential elections with mixed feelings, expressing little hope that whichever 	0
1	Moore to Release '9/11' DVD on Oct. 5 (AP)  AP - President Bush will face a home-video barrage four weeks before the election: "Fahrenheit 9/11," Michael Moore's assault on Bush's handling of the Sept. 11 attacks, debuts on DVD and videotape Oct. 5.	0
1	Bush Taps Leavitt for Health and Human Services Post  Description: President Bush announces Michael Leavitt as his choice for secretary of Health and Human Services, replacing Tommy Thompson.	0
0	Blair makes quick visit to Sudan  KHARTOUM - British Prime Minister Tony Blair left Sudan Wednesday after securing promises from Khartoum to heed a list of demands to alleviate what he said was the  quot;terrible quot; situation in the war-torn region of Darfur.	3
0	Israeli PM loses key budget vote  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's government could fall after his budget is vetoed by parliament.	4
1	Arafat #39;s health unchanged: French health officials  PARIS (AFP) - Yasser Arafat #39;s condition has not changed one way or other since a health bulletin was issued Friday, the health department of the French armed forces told AFP.	2
0	Can Arafat #39;s death lead to peace?  Is there hope in the Middle East in the aftermath of Yasser Arafat #39;s death, or will the optimistic noises now being made fizzle out into the usual confrontation?	2
1	Blogs put real-time spin on debate coverage  Besides the usual fare of major media commentary, bloggers across the political spectrum will be busy posting their views during Thursday night #39;s debate between President Bush and challenger John Kerry.	0 1
1	George Bush, This is Your Life  George W. Bush #39;s past is finally catching up with him. Out of the morass of delays, partial truths, preemptive attacks, and doubletalk come weighty allegations from an indefatigable news service, an important 	0
1	Committee to succeed Arafat denied  The head of the Political Department in the Palestine Liberation Organization said Friday no committee was formed to succeed ailing Yasser Arafat.	2
1	Don #39;t mention the (Vietnam) war  Resuming combat after the Republican convention, John Kerry seemed like the Japanese warrior who emerged from the jungle decades after 1945, convinced that the war was not yet over.	1
0	Where's Arafat's Money?	2
1	Those Discredited Memos  The  quot;documents quot; put forward by CBS News about George W. Bush #39;s service have all the earmarks of forgeries. By WILLIAM SAFIRE.	0
1	Bush ally used Ground Zero rescue crew flat as a love nest  The murk surrounding Bernard Kerik, whose nomination to be homeland security chief by President George Bush fell apart a week ago, thickened yesterday amid reports he used an apartment 	0
0	Arafat to Fly to France for Medical Treatment   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Ailing leader Yasser  Arafat, the icon of the struggle for a Palestinian state, has  agreed to be flown to France on Friday for medical treatment,  Palestinian officials said.	2
0	Sharon to Present Gaza Timetable to Mutinous Party   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  intends to present a timetable for withdrawal from Gaza to  lawmakers from his Likud party Tuesday despite a mutiny in the  right-wing bloc over the plan.	4
0	Tories mock PM for broadband pledge  Tony Blair has pledged to end the  quot;digital divide quot; by 2008 - if the Labour Party wins the next election. Speaking at his party #39;s conference in Brighton, the Prime Minister delivered ten things a  quot;future Labour 	3
0	Bush Spending Little Time at White House (AP)  AP - If you're looking for President Bush, don't bother searching the White House. Bush has not spent a full day in Washington since Aug. 2  #151; roaming the country rather than staying in the Oval Office as he seeks a second term.	0
0	Israel #39;s Sharon Loses Likud Vote on Coalition Talks With Labor  Aug. 19 (Bloomberg) -- Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon lost a Likud Party vote to continue talks aimed at bringing the Labor Party into his government. 	4
1	Video Airs British Hostage Asking for Troops Withdrawal  British aid worker Margaret Hassan, kidnapped in Iraq, appeared in a video aired by Arab TV station al-Jazeera asking British Prime Minister Tony Blair to withdraw troops.	3
0	Bush Pledges Safer World, Resumes Stumping (AP)  AP - President Bush pledged "a safer world and a more hopeful America" as he accepted his party's nomination for a second term in office and plunged into the final two months of his re-election campaign. He promptly drew fire Friday from challenger John Kerry that he was "unfit to lead this country."	0 1
0	Bush, Kerry Camps Claim Momentum in Race (Reuters)  Reuters - The campaigns of Republican President Bush and Democrat John Kerry both claimed momentum on Friday amid a mix of polls offering a less-than-clear picture of the U.S. presidential race.	0 1
1	UK #39;s Brown Says Blair Doing the Right Thing to Save Bigley  UK Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown said the nation should rally behind Prime Minister Tony Blair and the way the government is handling talks with a terrorist group in Iraq that #39;s holding Kenneth Bigley hostage.	3
0	Exacting Detail Behind Presidential Debate (AP)  AP - There is a lot of fine print in the document spelling out rules for the debates between President Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry.	0 1
1	Comedian Al Franken Makes Pitch for Kerry (AP)  AP - Comedian and liberal radio talk-show host Al Franken launched into his trademark biting satire as he staged a pre-emptive campaign stop on John Kerry's behalf a day before Vice President Dick Cheney is to appear in the same southeastern Iowa town.	1
2	Bush rescues No. 1 USC with big-play touchdowns  LANDOVER, Md. -- Reggie Bush came out of the backfield to give USC a new big-play receiver. The tailback caught three long touchdown passes to help the top-ranked Trojans beat Virginia Tech 24-13 in a sloppy 	0
0	New Europe offers condolences on Arafat  Leaders from central and eastern Europe offered condolences to the Palestinian people Thursday following the death of Yasser Arafat.	2
3	Bad News on Jobs May Be Good News for Kerry  The nation #39;s unemployment rate was a respectably low 5.4 percent in September -- but the number of new jobs created -- 96,000 --- was well below analysts #39; expectations of 150,000 	1
0	Bush puts pressure on Annan over oil scandal  PRESIDENT BUSH increased the pressure on Kofi Annan over the Iraq Oil-for-Food scandal yesterday, pointedly declining to endorse the UN Secretary-General.	0
0	Israel Holds Out Prospect of Gaza Coordination  Israel held out the prospect on Monday of coordinating a planned unilateral Gaza pullout with the Palestinians if a new leadership succeeding Yasser Arafat cracked down on militants.	2
1	Would John Kerry defang the DMCA?  com October 25, 2004, 8:16 AM PT. Cyber threats, chiefly viruses like NetSky and Sasser, make security an ongoing concern as it holds steady over software infrastructure as the third top priority.	1
1	Bush: Kerry weak on terrorism  Wilkes-Barre - US President George W. Bush wooed voters in this key battleground state on Friday and unleashed a pack of wolves in a menacing new commercial branding Democrat John Kerry as weak on terrorism.	0 1
0	With Arafat ill, Palestinians boost security  Palestinian officials have agreed to a plan to increase patrols in the West Bank while Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat remains in intensive care in a Paris hospital.	2
1	Israeli Troops to Withdraw from North Gaza-Report  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on Thursday gave the go ahead to Israeli forces to withdraw from a teeming refugee camp and other heavily populated areas in northern Gaza, media reports said.	4
1	Edwards Hits Bush on Overtime Pay Rules  RACINE, Wis. Aug. 23, 2004 - John Edwards chose the almost evenly divided state of Wisconsin to tout the Democratic presidential ticket #39;s economic plans and criticize the Bush administration #39;s new rules for overtime pay.	0
1	Bush Raises Questions About CBS Documents (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush questioned the authenticity of documents aired by CBS News that said he received special treatment during his Vietnam-era service in the National Guard, according to a Bush interview published on Saturday.	0
0	Blair presses Sudan over Darfur  KHARTOUM: Britains Prime Minister Tony Blair pressed Sudanese President Omar Hassan Al Bashir on Wednesday to end violence in Darfur on the highest-level visit from a Western government official since the crisis erupted.	3
1	FOX wrong on Robertson #39;s comment regarding Bush and Iraq <b>...</b>  FOX News Live anchor David Asman erroneously  quot;corrected quot; Newsweek investigative correspondent Michael Isikoff #39;s accurate reference to Christian Coalition of America founder Reverend Pat Robertson #39;s October 19 comment that President George W. Bush told 	0
0	Israel kills key Hamas bomb maker in air strike  Israel has killed the top bomb maker of the Hamas Islamic militant group in a Gaza Strip air strike, days before a key parliamentary vote on Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to quit the occupied territory.	4
3	Markets Celebrate Bush Victory  Wall Street threw a victory rally for President Bush today, driving up the entire market -- especially the stocks that investors believe will benefit from even more dominant Republican control of the federal government.	0
0	Israel's Sharon Survives Two No-Confidence Votes (Reuters)  Reuters - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon survived two no-confidence votes in Israel's parliament on Monday, clinging to power as he seeks to push through a disputed plan for withdrawal from some occupied territory.	4
0	The Arafat void: Hope in death?  The day after Yasser Arafat died, USA Today carried a big, bold headline that caught my eye. It said: Arafat dies, leaves void.	2
1	Republicans ready for convention attention  As Republicans head to New York to rally the party, The Inside Edge looks at what the convention might mean for President Bush #39;s chances in the fall.	0
0	After the  #39;Road Map #39;  What Ariel Sharon has been indicating for months is now stated Israeli policy: The US-drawn  quot;road map quot; to a Palestinian state is locked in the glove compartment - along with other failed peace plans.	4
0	Initial tests find no signs that Yasser Arafat has leukemia  CLAMART, France Doctors in France are awaiting test results to try to determine exactly what is ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Lawyer Advising Vets Quits Bush Campaign  WASHINGTON - One of President Bush's top lawyers resigned from his campaign Wednesday, a day after disclosing that he had given legal advice to a veterans group airing TV ads challenging Democrat John Kerry's Vietnam War service. The guidance included checking ad scripts, the group said...	0
1	Hoon to make statement on Iraq troops  The government is considering a US request to move troops into more potentially dangerous areas of Iraq, a politically charged move which has re-ignited anger over Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s support for the war.	3
1	Bush and the high court  In addition to President Bush #39;s resounding electoral triumph, his expansive coattails also will likely have a long-reverberating political impact upon the Senate.	0
1	Bush Seen Vulnerable to Kerry Among Independent Voters  President Bush, who holds a sizable lead in some polls, still appears to be vulnerable to Democrat John Kerry among independent voters whose shifting loyalties 	0 1
0	Observers see hope in accord for West Bank burial  RAMALLAH, West Bank -- The agreement yesterday between Palestinians and Israelis that Yasser Arafat will be buried amid his ruined headquarters may represent the first faint ray of hope for a fresh start toward peace in the post-Arafat era, Middle East officials and observers say.	2
1	Iran is working on nuclear missile, warns Powell  Iran loomed as the second Bush administration #39;s most urgent foreign policy challenge yesterday, as Colin Powell, the outgoing Secretary of State, warned that the country was 	0
0	Peres: Israeli Extremists May Try to Kill Sharon  Opposition leader Shimon Peres said Tuesday he feared Israeli extremists might try to assassinate Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, the target of growing far-right fury over a planned withdrawal from Gaza next year.	4
0	Singapore: Arafat #39;s death chance for peace  Singapore hopes President Yasser Arafat #39;s death will be  quot;an opportunity for a lasting, just and peaceful solution to the Arab-Israeli issue, quot; a spokesman said.	2
0	Kerry Decries Bush Plan to Recall Troops  CINCINNATI - John Kerry, telling fellow combat veterans he's their "true brother in arms," said Wednesday that President Bush's plan to withdraw U.S. troops from Europe and Asia would weaken U.S...	0 1
0	Soldier, Militant Die in Resurgence of Gaza Fighting  An Israeli soldier and a Palestinian militant were killed in Gaza Tuesday in a resurgence of violence that could threaten efforts to instil calm for a Palestinian election for a successor to Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Sharon Begins Courting Opposition Parties  A top Palestinian security leader who is a related to Yasser Arafat escaped unharmed on Tuesday when a booby-trapped car exploded near his convoy in Gaza City.	2
0	Palestinians Pledge Vote to Replace Arafat   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat's successors  promised a swift election to replace him on Saturday as  Palestinians flocked to his tomb to pay last respects to the  former guerrilla who symbolized their hopes of a state.	2
1	Blair Reshuffles Cabinet, Appoints Ally to Coordinate Elections  British Prime Minister Tony Blair has completed a reshuffle of his cabinet, appointing his staunch supporter and former health minister to coordinate the Labor Party #39;s re-election efforts.	3
0	Kerry Trails Bush by 8 Points in New Poll and Faces Obstacles  John Kerry faces obstacles in his bid to unseat President Bush, with voters saying he has not laid out a case for why he wants to be president.	0 1
1	Jet Crashes En Route to Get Former President Bush  A private jet on its way to pick up former President Bush at a Houston airport crashed in bad weather on Monday, killing the three crew members on board, officials said.	0
1	Iran: Uranium enrichment suspended  Iran #39;s foreign minister said Monday that his country has stopped enriching uranium temporarily as part of a deal with European countries, but President Bush said he wants to see proof.	0
1	Arafat Buried Amid Chaotic Ramallah Scene  Yasser Arafat was buried Friday in the place where he spent his last years as a virtual prisoner, seen off in a huge and chaotic outpouring of grief for the man who 	2
1	Postulating a Dark Side to a Bush Operative's Work  This politically damning profile chronicles the rise to power of Karl Rove, the brilliant, nerdy chief aide to President Bush.	0
0	Sharon Wins Vote to Rescue Gaza Pullout  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon speaks to reporters after casting his ballot at the Likud party meeting in Tel Aviv, Israel, Thursday Dec.9, 2004.	4
0	Bush Pressing Case for 'Ownership Society'  WASHINGTON - Amid signs that the economy is cooling, President Bush is showcasing initiatives for a second term under the banner of an "ownership society" in hopes of bolstering his economic stewardship credentials.    His platform includes initiatives to help people buy homes, start businesses, hone job skills and set up tax-free retirement and health care accounts - plus a still unspecified tax-code overhaul...	0
1	Kerry: Bush Is Running Campaign of Fear  DES MOINES, Iowa Sept. 9, 2004 - President Bush is playing politics with the war on terror in a  quot;shameful and irresponsible quot; effort to scare voters into re-electing him, Democratic challenger John Kerry said Thursday.	0 1
0	Israel Invites Bids in Construction Plan  JERUSALEM - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has approved bids for construction of 1,000 homes in Jewish West Bank settlements after freezing them earlier this month, amid growing friction with the United States over continued settlement expansion.    The planned construction violates the internationally backed "road map" plan, accepted by Israel, which calls for a construction freeze...	4
0	Hardliners Appeal to Israeli Soldiers  JERUSALEM Sept. 9, 2004 - A group of prominent Israeli hardliners urged soldiers Thursday to disobey orders to dismantle Jewish settlements, widening the bitter divisions over Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s 	4
0	Kerry Urges Bush to End Vietnam Attacks  EAST HAMPTON, N.Y. - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry on Saturday night urged President Bush to "stand up and stop" what he called personal attacks on him over his combat record in Vietnam...	0 1
1	Bush Disappointed Intelligence Reform Failed  President Bush expressed disappointment on Sunday that an agreement on intelligence reform collapsed in the face of Republican opposition and vowed to renew pressure on Congress to reach a deal this year.	0
1	Palestinians Stress Unity in Arafat #39;s Absence  Description: Palestinian officials meet at Yasser Arafat #39;s headquarters in Ramallah for the first time since the Palestinian president was flown to France for medical treatment.	2
0	2004 Presidential Endorsements (AP)  AP - Newspaper endorsements in the 2004 presidential campaign between President Bush, a Republican, and Sen. John Kerry, a Democrat.	0 1
0	Lieberman Shows No Interest in Cabinet (AP)  AP - Democratic Sen. Joe Lieberman said Sunday he is not interested in becoming President Bush's national intelligence director or homeland security chief, shooting down speculation he might be under consideration for those jobs.	0
1	Pres. Bush to sign intel reform bill on Fri.  (Washington, DC-NBC) Dec. 17, 2004 - President Bush on Friday signs into law the largest overhaul of US intelligence gathering in a half century.	0
1	Battleground Watch  These are the results of a Reuters/Zogby poll tracking the race between President Bush and Sen. John Kerry in key states. The polls are conducted daily.	0 1
1	Four Die in Iraq Suicide Attack on UK Troops  A suicide car bomber killed three British soldiers and a translator at a checkpoint in Iraq on Thursday, raising the prospect of a political backlash for Tony Blair who dispatched them to a dangerous area near Baghdad.	3
1	WEB-EXCLUSIVE COMMENTARY  Campaigns and candidates like to think they can escape the laws of physics. So both the Bush and Kerry campaigns claim with equal certainty they have gained momentum out of last weeks TV debates.	1
0	Debates Promise Clash of Styles  WASHINGTON - This fall's presidential debates will pit George W. Bush's folksy manner and big-picture brand of policymaking against John Kerry's more cerebral outlook and nuanced world view...	0 1
0	Bitter Malpractice Fight Going to Voters  Rivaling Bush vs. Kerry for bitterness, doctors and trial lawyers are squaring off this fall in an unprecedented four-state struggle over limiting malpractice awards...	1
1	Duped CBS regrets disputed Bush memos  In an enormous blow to its credibility, CBS News has said it had been deliberately misled over the authenticity of documents it aired in a story challenging US President George W. Bush #39;s military service.	0
1	Bush names Kerik homeland security chief  President Bush Friday formally named former New York Police Commissioner Bernard B. Kerik as his pick for secretary of Homeland Security.	0
0	Blair to Have 'Routine' Heart Treatment  LONDON - British Prime Minister Tony Blair said he will undergo a medical procedure Friday to correct an irregular heartbeat, calling it a routine treatment that won't prevent him from seeking another term in office.    The 51-year-old prime minister said the procedure will involve local anesthetic and will not affect his job...	3
0	Bush, Kerry feud over Vietnam, economy, Iraq, Darfur (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush and Democratic White House hopeful John Kerry sparred on the economy, the Iraq war and the humanitarian crisis in Darfur, and continued their war of words over Bush's national guard stint to avoid the Vietnam War.	0 1
0	Kerry and Bush square off on Iraq  Iraq takes centre-stage in the US election campaign as John Kerry and George W Bush trade insults.	0 1
0	US troop shift: A tale of two cities  Bush's plan this week to restructure US forces in Europe is stirring up a mix of worry, nostalgia, and hope.	0
1	CBS News Fights to Restore Credibility (AP)  AP - CBS News is trying to restore its credibility after a week of questions about its report on President Bush's National Guard service  #151; yet it may never conclusively know whether it was duped by fake documents.	0
0	Israel's Sharon Raises Prospect of Early Elections   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  may call early elections if an ultra-Orthodox Jewish party  fails to join a coalition for his Gaza pullout plan this week,  he said in an interview published Monday.	4
0	W: Kerry an in-fidel  Presient Bush swept through battleground state Florida yesterday as his campaign launched an attack ad linking John Kerry to Fidel Castro.	0 1
1	Ex-envoys: Mideast peace breakthrough possible  JERUSALEM -- Former US envoys say that the passing of Yasser Arafat would open up new opportunities for Mideast peace, especially if new, pragmatic Palestinian leaders emerge.	2
1	*President* Dick Cheney or President John Kerry in One Option: Cut <b>...</b>  As John Kerry is fond of saying of Iraq,  quot;Defeat is not an option. quot; He #39;s right: it #39;s not an option, it #39;s a certainty.	1
1	Bush and Kerry tussle over Iraq and economy in second critical <b>...</b>  WASHINGTON -- A feisty President George W. Bush came out swinging in a critical second debate Friday, aggressively branding John Kerry both naive and dangerous in the war on terror as Kerry countered that his opponent was running a campaign of  quot;mass 	0 1
1	McCain says attack ads reopen Vietnam wounds  WASHINGTON - Ads attacking Sen. John Kerry #39;s Vietnam war record have reopened 30-year-old wounds at a time when the country needs to unite behind the war in Iraq, Sen. John McCain said Wednesday.	1
1	Bush names Spellings education chief  President George W. Bush named Texan Margaret Spellings as his nominee to replace former school superintendent Rod Paige as Secretary of Education.	0
0	Abbas makes historic Palestinian visit to Syria  Damascus: PLO chairman Mahmud Abbas Monday held historic talks with Syria #39;s president on the first official Palestinian visit since 1996 -- part of a post-Yasser Arafat push to forge stronger ties with Arab countries.	2
1	Bush gives Treasury keys back to Snow  PRESIDENT BUSH has produced the biggest surprise of his Cabinet reshuffle by asking John Snow to stay on as Treasury Secretary. It had been widely reported that Mr Snow, a former rail executive who took over 	0
0	UK #39;s Blair Says Weapons Report Shows Iraq Breached UN Rules  UK Prime Minister Tony Blair said a US report on Iraqi arms programs shows Saddam Hussein was working to acquire banned weapons in breach of United Nations resolutions, justifying the 2003 war to depose him.	3
0	Sharon stands firm on withdrawing settlers  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon vowed yesterday not to yield to pressure by Jewish settlers to give up his plan to withdraw soldiers and settlers from the Gaza Strip and a portion of the West Bank.	4
0	Sharon Appeals to His Party for Expansion  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon appealed to his Likud Party to support a crucial proposal Thursday that would let him broaden his coalition to ensure the survival of his 	4
1	Bush may tap Reynolds  Indian Hill financier Mercer Reynolds is the leading contender to become US Commerce Secretary after the White House announcement Tuesday that both US Attorney General John Ashcroft and Commerce Secretary Don Evans planned to step down.	0
0	Military Documents Contradict Kerry Critic  WASHINGTON - A Vietnam veteran who claims Sen. John Kerry lied about being under fire during a Mekong Delta engagement that won Kerry a Bronze Star was under constant fire himself during the same skirmish, according to the man's own medal citation, a newspaper reported...	1
1	PM opens office to arrange settler compensation  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon opened an office Sunday to arrange compensation for Gaza Strip residents who will be evacuated under the disengagement plan.	4
1	Bush takes Schiavo case to high court  TALLAHASSEE  In a last-ditch legal effort, attorneys for Gov. Jeb Bush asked the US Supreme Court on Wednesday to uphold a Florida law designed to keep a brain-damaged woman alive.	0
0	Sharon Says Gaza Settlers to Leave Homes  JERUSALEM - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Thursday all 8,200 Jewish settlers will be pulled out of the Gaza Strip starting next summer, and he ordered a troop withdrawal from a refugee camp - signaling that a bloody two-week offensive in northern Gaza could be easing.    Sharon said next year's settlement evacuation would be completed within 12 weeks despite opposition from settlers and their backers...	4
0	Anti-Bush Protestors Heckle Broadway Theatergoers (Reuters)  Reuters - Dozens of demonstrators heckled and jeered Broadway theatergoers on Sunday, seeking confrontations with Republican delegates who arrived in New York City to back President Bush's reelection bid.	0
0	U.S. Signals Flexibility on Israeli Settlement Growth   CRAWFORD, Texas (Reuters) - The Bush administration  signaled on Saturday that it may accept limited growth within  existing Israeli settlements in the West Bank in a shift that  could help embattled Prime Minister Ariel Sharon.	4
1	Arafat to leave compound for treatment in Paris  Ailing Palestinian President Yasser Arafat prepared to fly to a Paris hospital yesterday for treatment of a serious blood disorder, leaving a compound where he has 	2
1	Arafat #39;s Absence Raises Issue of How to Cope  The Israeli cabinet and the Palestinian officials held separate gatherings on Sunday, but dealt with the same question: how to respond to the absence of Yasir Arafat, who 	2
1	Factions attempt unity as Arafat #39;s condition wavers  Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia met in Gaza City yesterday with leaders of the main Pales-tinian armed factions and security officials in a bid to prevent any outbreak of violence if Palestinian President Yasser Arafat dies.	2
1	Bush #39;s flight history remains a question mark  Despite the continuing controversies over John Kerry and President Bush #39;s Vietnam-era military service -- inflamed further because of the Dan Rather report on  #39; #39;60 Minutes #39; #39; on Bush #39;s time in the National Guard -- one unanswered question is why George W 	0 1
1	The Man in the Middle  There are Republicans convinced that John Kerry #39;s idea of a war on terror is remonstrating sternly in French, and Democrats who see George Bush as the best recruiter Osama ever had.	1
1	Bush and Kerry Put on a Lively Show (AP)  AP - Friday's rematch between President Bush and John Kerry proved to be a livelier affair, and a more revealing show, than their first debate.	0 1
1	Writethru: Blair to go hospital for heart procedure  British Prime Minister Tony Blair said Thursday night he will go into hospital Friday and stay overnight for a procedure to correct irregular heartbeats.	3
0	Bush defends Iraq war at UN (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush defended the war in Iraq in a speech to the United Nations, saying the US-led coalition had enforced  quot;the just demands of the world quot; by ousting Saddam Hussein.	0
3	US blue-chips soar after Wall Street cheers Bush victory  EQUITIES surged worldwide yesterday as investors expressed relief that Senator John Kerry had conceded the US election to president George Bush.	0
0	Settlers march against Gaza plan  Several thousand Jewish settlers rally against Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's Gaza withdrawal plan.	4
0	World Leaders React to Bush Victory  Russian President Vladimir Putin led world leaders #39; tributes to George W. Bush #39;s victory in the US presidential race, saying it meant Americans had not allowed themselves to be cowed by terrorists.	0
1	Bush and Kerry Differ on State of Economy  CLEVELAND Sept. 4, 2004 - Good news, or bad? President Bush and Democrat John Kerry have differing takes about the vitality of the nation #39;s job market a question that #39;s heating up this year #39;s race for the White House.	0 1
1	Candidates #39; last-minute strategies  Sparring cross-country about who can better protect America, Democrat John Kerry urged supporters yesterday to reject President George W. Bush #39;s scare tactics and  quot;vote your 	0
1	Bush welcoming word of debt relief and elections  SANTIAGO, Chile President Bush is welcoming word that Iraq will hold elections in January -- and that a big chunk of the country #39;s debt is being forgiven.	0
0	Blair and Bush meeting: Your views  Prime Minister, Tony Blair is flying to Washington this week for talks with President George W Bush. The Middle East peace process is likely to be high on the agenda following Mr Bush #39;s victory in the US presidential election.	0 3
0	Israelis, Palestinians at Odds Over U.S. Election (Reuters)  Reuters - If Israeli settler Rachel Saperstein could decide the outcome of the U.S. election, President Bush would beat Democratic challenger John Kerry by a landslide.	0 1
3	Bush Touts Unemployment Rate Drop  President Bush says recent statistics showing a slight drop in the US unemployment rate show America #39;s economy is strong and growing stronger.	0
1	Bush must answer for Iraq  The New York Times reported last week that a new report on Iraq #39;s illicit weapons program is expected to conclude that Saddam Hussein had a clear intent to produce nuclear, chemical and biological weapons if the United Nations sanctions were lifted.	0
1	Israel eases travel restrictions  THE Israeli army has lifted some of the travel restrictions imposed on residents of West Bank towns for the funeral of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Bush Taunts Kerry, Tests Debate Lines  COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. - President Bush taunted Democratic rival John Kerry and tested debate lines before friendly audiences in Colorado and Arizona on Tuesday while Kerry crammed in private for Wednesday night's final faceoff of the campaign...	0 1
0	Local thoughts on Arafat  UMW professor says people should not expect quick, dramatic change in dynamics following death of longtime leader. As Palestinians mourn the death of their leader, Yasser Arafat, attention is shifting to who 	2
0	UK plays down Mideast talks  LONDON: Talk about a Middle East peace conference in London early next year is  quot;premature, quot; a spokesman for British Prime Minister Tony Blair said last night.	3
0	Putin pleased with Bush victory  Russia's Vladimir Putin sends a message of support  to George W Bush after his re-election as US President.	0
0	Kerry Decries Bush Plan to Recall Troops  CINCINNATI - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry on Wednesday criticized President Bush's proposal to recall up to 70,000 foreign troops as a hastily announced plan that raises more doubts about U.S. intentions than it answers...	0 1
1	Battle Lines on Foreign Policy Drawn  Iraq dominated the first debate between President Bush and Democratic challenger John F. Kerry here on Thursday night, and rarely have the differences between the 	0
0	Kerry, Springsteen draw big turnout (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush and Democrat challenger John Kerry looked to personalities from sports and the entertainment world in their quest for voter support in what increasingly appears a photo-finish presidential election next Tuesday.	0 1
0	The Prime Minister must leave his bunker  The fate of Kenneth Bigley is a vivid reminder that the Prime Minister #39;s policy in Iraq is a terrible failure. No one quarrels with Tony Blair #39;s refusal to concede to the hostage-takers #39; demands.	3
1	Elizabeth Edwards Diagnosed with Breast Cancer  Only hours after her husband, Senator John Edwards and Senator John Kerry conceded defeat, Edwards wife Elizabeth was diagnosed with breast cancer.	1
0	Israeli Cabinet Passes Gaza Bill Before Key Vote  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s cabinet passed a bill on the nuts and bolts of pulling out of occupied Gaza Sunday, a day before he seeks approval from Israel #39;s parliament for his withdrawal plan.	4
0	Conflicting reports on Arafat #39;s condition  Christian Estripeau, a Spokesman for the French hospital where PA Chairman Yasser Arafat is being treated said Saturday afternoon that there  quot;has been no change - for better or for worse - in his condition.	2
1	Bush site restricted to foreigners  Web-surfers outside the US have been blocked from visiting the official George W. Bush campaign website. UK-based internet monitoring firm Netcraft first noticed the blockage Monday morning.	0
3	Snow to Remain as U.S. Treasury Secretary   WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Bush on Wednesday asked  Treasury Secretary John Snow to stay in his job and Snow  agreed, ending a frenzy of speculation that the former railroad  executive and loyal Bush foot soldier was about to be replaced.	0
0	AP Poll: Kerry Holds Small Lead Over Bush  WASHINGTON - Sen. John Kerry has taken a slim lead over President Bush, according to an Associated Press poll that shows the president's support tumbling on personal qualities, the war in Iraq and the commander in chief's bedrock campaign issue - national security...	0 1
0	Polls Suggest a Double-Digit Bush Lead  AKRON, Ohio - President Bush and John Kerry battled over the economy and jobs in a small corner of the campaign's most fiercely contested state Saturday as polls showed a post-convention surge for the Republican in the White House.    Late Saturday, Teresa Heinz Kerry, the wife of the Democratic presidential candidate, was taken to a hospital in Mason City, Iowa, after complaining of an upset stomach, a spokeswoman said...	0 1
1	Record amount of corn to be used for ethanol production  As President Bush nominated Samuel Bodman as the nation #39;s next energy secretary Friday, the US Department of Agriculture reported more of the nation #39;s corn crop will be used for ethanol production this year.	0
0	Arafat will be buried in Ramallah  RAMALLAH: Palestinian leaders last night decided they would seek to have President Yasser Arafat buried at his West Bank headquarters.	2
1	President revs up his supporters  Jetting into Ohio for the second day in a row, President Bush made his campaign #39;s closing argument, which is pretty much the same one he has used since the start except now it has a lot more bite to it.	0
0	Bush Sees a Safer America, While Kerry Sees a 'Colossal Error'  President Bush said he had acted aggressively to protect the U.S., and John Kerry said Mr. Bush had made a "colossal error" of judgment in Iraq.	0 1
1	Bush, Rice share close relationship  Condoleezza Rice has been both protege and mentor to President Bush in his first four years in the White House. So he is bound to feel comfortable with the former Stanford University provost running the State Department.	0
1	What Do Women Want?  Kristen Breitweiser, like her husband ron, voted for George W. Bush in 2000. Far from being any kind of activist, she didn #39;t know her Congressman #39;s name before Sept.	0
1	Arafat #39;s decline opportunity for Mideast  Yasser Arafat #39;s failing health gives President Bush a chance to promote a dialogue with the Palestinians that was largely abandoned two years ago because 	0 2
0	Arafat in Gaza  For all but the most elderly Palestinians in the West Bank and Gaza, portraits of Yasser Arafat, in outdoor posters, framed in public buildings, smaller pictures in the most humble homes of 	2
1	Bush Surges Eight Points Ahead of Kerry - Poll  President Bush climbed to an eight-point lead over Democratic challenger John Kerry in a USAToday/CNN/Gallup poll released on Sunday, the same advantage he held before the three presidential debates.	0 1
1	 #39;Comeback Kid #39; Clinton Advises Kerry  RACINE, W.Va. Sept. 6, 2004 - Democrat John Kerry, with fresh campaign advice from the Comeback Kid, hammered President Bush anew Monday on the economy and Iraq, determined to snap the GOP momentum.	0 1
0	Congress Sends Bush Tax Cut Bill, Victory  WASHINGTON - Legislation extending three popular middle-class tax cuts for the rest of the decade sailed through Congress by lopsided votes in both the House and Senate, giving President Bush a major legislative victory on his signature economic issue, tax relief.    Many Democrats complained during debate Thursday that the majority Republicans who control Congress should have offset the lost revenue to keep the nation's soaring deficits from getting worse...	0
0	Bush Intelligence Plan Echoes 9/11 Panel's  WASHINGTON - President Bush is urging Congress to create a strong national intelligence director to control the nonmilitary portions of the nation's intelligence community, a position similar to what was envisioned by the Sept. 11 commission...	0
1	Bush names Nebraska governor as new secretary of Agriculture  President Bush on Thursday chose Nebraska Gov. Mike Johanns as secretary of agriculture to oversee the nation #39;s farm and food programs, an administration official said.	0
0	Israeli police chiefs tour Temple Mount ahead of Ramadan  Police commanders toured the Al Aqsa Mosque compound Thursday, ahead of a final decision by Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on whether to restrict access of Muslim worshippers.	4
3	Bush touts new jobless figures  Bounding out of the Republican National Convention with a daylong trip through four swing states, President Bush told a Pennsylvania audience Friday that  quot;our economy is strong and getting stronger.	0
0	National Rifle Association Endorses Bush (AP)  AP - The National Rifle Association endorsed President Bush for re-election on Wednesday, promising millions of dollars for ads, phone banks and other get-out-the-vote efforts.	0
1	CIA plans to purge its agency  The White House has ordered the new CIA director, Porter Goss, to purge the agency of officers believed to have been disloyal to President George W. Bush or of leaking damaging 	0
0	Arafat #39;s wife wields power, much to his aides #39; chagrin  When Suha Tawil married Yasser Arafat nearly 15 years ago, the pairing was considered so scandalous that Arafat #39;s top aides kept the wedding a secret for more than 	2
0	Kerry Says Bush Must Answer for Iraq Explosives (Reuters)  Reuters - Democratic challenger John Kerry said on Wednesday Americans deserved answers from President Bush, not more political attacks, over tons of missing explosives in Iraq.	0 1
0	ADAMS #39; BUG GIFT FOR BLAIR  SINN Fein boss Gerry Adams plans to start tomorrow #39;s Ulster peace talks by handing Tony Blair a bug found at the party #39;s offices.	3
1	Presidency in #39;08? Jeb Bush says no  Yesterday -- USAToday/CNN/ Gallup poll of registered and likely voters: Bush 52 percent, Kerry 44 percent. The poll has a margin of error of plus or minus 4 percentage points.	1
1	Palestinians denounce, open fire near PLO chief  A group of Palestinians unleashed bursts of gunfire yesterday as Mahmoud Abbas, a possible successor to Yasser Arafat as president, arrived at a mourning service for Arafat in Gaza City.	2
0	Hungary to pull troops from Iraq within 5 months  Hungary will withdraw its 300 troops from Iraq by the end of March, the country #39;s new prime minister said Wednesday. The announcement is a blow to President Bush #39;s efforts to hold 	0
0	Northern Ireland talks grind on through night (AFP)  AFP - Talks to restore home rule to Northern Ireland ground on as British Prime Minister Tony Blair and Ireland's Bertie Ahern pushed rival Catholic and Protestant parties toward a lasting peace deal.	3
0	Sharpton Got  #36;86,715 to Aid Kerry Campaign (AP)  AP - All of John Kerry's one-time rivals in the Democratic presidential primary eventually lined up to support him as the nominee, but only one got paid for it  #151; Al Sharpton.	1
2	Unrelenting rivalry moves into lion's den  The last time they saw each other, John Kerry was sitting in the Red Sox owner's box on the eve of the Democratic National Convention and the front page of every newspaper in Boston and New York featured a photo of Jason Varitek stuffing his All Star CM 3000 model mitt into the face of Yankee cover boy Alex Rodriguez.	1
0	Unions Protest New Overtime Regulations  WASHINGTON - Several hundred union members marched outside the Labor Department to protest new overtime pay regulations taking effect Monday, with two senators pledging to roll them back when Congress returns from recess.    Protesters, many wearing union T-shirts, carried signs such as "President Bush: Hands off my overtime pay," and chanted, "Come on all you billionaires, give us wages that are fair."  "The fight is not over yet," said Republican Sen...	0
0	Musharraf Arrives in London for Talks with Blair  Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf has arrived in London for talks with Prime Minister Tony Blair on terrorism, trade and the situation in Afghanistan.	3
0	British, Irish PMs to meet N. Ireland parties over peace process  British Prime Minister Tony Blair and his Irish counterpart Bertie Ahern are to hold talks with Northern Ireland #39;s political parties in London Wednesday in an attempt to relaunch 	3
0	Tunisian Doctors Examine Arafat, Aides Blame Flu   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Six Tunisian doctors  arrived in the West Bank on Saturday to examine Yasser Arafat,  but aides dismissed Israeli media reports that the Palestinian  president's health had deteriorated and said he had flu.	2
0	Bush says N. Korea #39;s neighbors uniting against nuclear weapons  (Santiago, Chile-AP) Nov. 20, 2004 - President Bush says North Korea #39;s neighbors are united in sending a blunt message to the man who rules it,  quot;Get rid of your nuclear weapons programs.	0
0	Bush, in Canada, Declares He #39;ll  #39;Reach Out #39; to Friends  President Bush said Wednesday that a  quot;new term in office is an important opportunity to reach out to our friends, quot; but he remained uncompromising about 	0
0	Israel Begins Pulling Out of Northern Gaza  JEBALIYA REFUGEE CAMP, Gaza Strip - Israel began moving tanks and ground forces away from this refugee camp Friday, scaling back its bloodiest offensive in northern Gaza in more than four years of fighting.    Prime Minister Ariel Sharon ordered the pullback at the urging of Israeli military commanders, who argued the two-week offensive had played itself out, and after calls from the United States to wrap up the operation...	4
0	Gaza Gunmen Kidnap, Then Free Palestinian Official   GAZA (Reuters) - Palestinian gunmen kidnapped a top  security official they accused of corruption and held him for  several hours in the Gaza Strip on Thursday in a fresh  challenge to President Yasser Arafat amid a wave of unrest.	2
0	Kerry Courts Blacks, Hispanics With Ads (AP)  AP - John Kerry and his allies are intensifying their efforts to reach out to blacks and Hispanics with waves of new advertisements meant to energize two groups that historically side with the Democratic Party.	1
1	Clinton joins battle against Bush  Former President Bill Clinton and Senator John Kerry have ganged up on President George W. retreat quot; and told voters in Colorado that  quot;in every 	1
0	Biden, Lugar criticize Bush on Iraq  BOSTON (CBS.MW) - In what appeared to be a bipartisan attack Sunday, Sens. Joseph Biden and Richard Lugar accused the Bush administration of incompetence in its handling of security in Iraq.	0
1	Powell attempts to revive Mideast peace process  JERUSALEM - US Secretary of State Colin Powell embarked Sunday on a mission to revive the Middle East peace process after Yasser Arafat #39;s death.	2
0	Give back our sacred heritage, Mr Blair  Addis Ababa - Ethiopian campaigners pressed British Prime Minister Tony Blair to return sacred Ethiopian objects and ancient artefacts that were looted by British troops more than a century ago.	3
1	Bush swiftly backs Kerry record: Prez: Move on #39; from medal flap  President Bush related, bio, seeking an end to the bitter infighting over John Kerry #39;s medals before the start of his convention today, called Kerry #39;s war record more heroic #39; #39; than his own.	0 1
1	NASA Chief Is Taking Off  Named to head NASA by President Bush in December 2001, Sean O #39;Keefe acknowledged he had no experience in astronautics. His management style aimed at practical economy.	0
1	In the New Bush Cabinet, Loyalty Trumps Celebrity  President Bush appears to have picked his new cabinet with the view that he has plenty of friends and doesn #39;t need to make new ones.	0
2	Oregon State latest to try to slow Bush, USC  CORVALLIS, Ore. - Oregon State cornerback Aric Williams remembers just how dangerous Reggie Bush can be. Last season, Bush grabbed a simple screen pass from quarterback Matt Leinhart and took it for a touchdown in USCs 52-28 victory over the Beavers.	0
1	British PM rejects claim he misrepresented intelligence  LONDON (AFP) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair on Wednesday rejected charges from the Conservative opposition that he  quot;misrepresented quot; intelligence used to make the case for invading Iraq.	3
0	N.Korea Hurls Abuse at Bush, Calls Him Human Trash   SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea hurled invective at President  Bush for a second day Tuesday, calling him a political idiot  and human trash, and said six-party talks on Pyongyang's  nuclear ambitions appeared doomed.	0
1	Homeland Security  President Bush (news - web sites) cups his ear as reporters shout out questions on status of former New York Police Commissioner Bernard Kerik, while departing the White House on his way to the National Naval Medical Center in nearby Bethesda, Md.	0
0	Bush, Kerry Shift Themes to Economy (AP)  AP - President Bush and John Kerry, shifting away from the sharp debate over war and terrorism, return to bread-and-butter economic issues in campaign stops in two closely divided states.	0 1
0	Host Says Rather Criticism Got Him Fired  SEATTLE - A radio talk-show host said Saturday he has been fired for criticizing CBS newsman Dan Rather's handling of challenges to the authenticity of memos about President Bush's National Guard service.   "On the talk show that I host, or hosted, I said I felt Rather should either retire or be forced out over this," said Brian Maloney, whose weekly "The Brian Maloney Show" aired for three years on KIRO-AM Radio, a CBS affiliate here...	0
0	Blair Seeks New Global Climate Pact with Bush -Paper   LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair is  trying to involve the United States in an new international  treaty on global warming, The Times newspaper said on Thursday.	0 3
3	Democrats, GOP spin numbers in September jobs report  COLUMBUS - John Kerry #39;s campaign in Ohio seized on yesterday #39;s Labor Department report that said the US economy added 96,000 jobs in September, a weaker total than expected in the last employment report before the Nov. 2 election.	1
1	Democrats eye pickups in Legislature  CARSON CITY -- Despite the record  $833 million tax increase and the possibility Nevada will go for President Bush, Democrats could pick up seats in both the state Senate and Assembly in Tuesday #39;s election.	0
0	Palestinians to See Arafat Despite Wife's Fury   PARIS (Reuters) - Palestinian leaders headed for Paris on  Monday to see critically ill President Yasser Arafat at a  French military hospital despite a scathing attack by his wife  who accused them of plotting to "bury him alive."	2
0	Polls Suggest a Double-Digit Bush Lead  AKRON, Ohio - President Bush and John Kerry battled over the economy and jobs in a small corner of the campaign's most fiercely contested state Saturday as polls showed a post-convention surge for the Republican in the White House.    Late Saturday, Teresa Heinz Kerry, the wife of the Democratic presidential candidate, was taken to a hospital in Mason City, Iowa, after complaining of an upset stomach, a spokeswoman said...	0 1
1	New poll shows Bush widening lead over Kerry  A Gallup Poll released Friday showed that President George W. Bush was widening his lead over Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry among likely voters, a result widely 	0 1
1	Bush Declares Victory, Kerry Offers Concession  Description: President Bush captures reelection in the 2004 presidential race, winning a majority of electoral votes and a margin of more than three and a half million popular votes.	0
0	LA Times Poll Shows Bush Leading Kerry (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush has pulled ahead of Democratic challenger John Kerry for the first time this year in a Los Angeles Times poll, the newspaper reported on Wednesday in its online edition.	0 1
1	Bush defends Iraq war  President George W Bush delivered an unapologetic defence of his decision to invade Iraq, telling the United Nations yesterday that it  quot;helped to deliver the Iraqi people from an outlaw dictator quot;.	0
0	Sharon vows to press on with Gaza raids as death toll nears 60  JERUSALEM - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon vowed Sunday to press ahead with a massive military incursion in the Gaza Strip that has killed almost 60 people in five days.	4
0	Bush won, but Democrats question Ohio vote (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush beat Senator John Kerry in the US state of Ohio in a November 2 vote, according to official results.	0 1
0	Gandhi's Grandson Talks Peace With Arafat (AP)  AP - A grandson of Mohandas Gandhi took the legendary Indian leader's doctrine of nonviolent resistance to the heart of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict on Thursday, pitching the pacifist creed to Yasser Arafat in his sandbagged, bullet-scarred West Bank headquarters.	2
1	Bush Would Be Perfect Kids' Villain - Author Pullman   LONDON (Reuters) - For children's fantasy writer Philip  Pullman, George W. Bush would make a perfect villain in his  epic sagas of good and evil.	0
0	Palestinian legislators accept Arafat promise to fix government  Yasser Arafat fended off another challenge to his authority yesterday when Palestinian legislators backed away from sweeping reform demands, instead approving a watered-down set of recommendations.	2
1	John Kerry reflects on Christopher Reeve  In a statement, the Democrat says the paralyzed actor  quot;was an inspiration to all of us. quot;. Kerry mentioned Reeve in Friday #39;s debate with President Bush while talking about the issue of stem cell research.	0 1
0	Ailing Arafat Feeling Much Better: Aides  Paris, Nov. 1 (NNN): Ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is feeling better, his aides say, as he undergoes medical examinations in a French army hospital near Paris.	2
3	Bush Pledges Strong-Dollar Policy  President Bush meets with Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi in the Oval Office of the White House, Wednesday, Dec. 15, 2004, in Washington.	0
1	Breakfast Cereal Executive Named Commerce Secretary  President Bush has chosen a Cuban-born business executive to be his new Secretary of Commerce. VOA #39;s Paula Wolfson reports, Carlos Gutierrez made his name in corporate America as head of the 	0
0	Gore: Bush Deceived Public on Iraq (AP)  AP - Al Gore on Monday accused President Bush of intentionally deceiving the public about the reasons for invading Iraq and said he is so ideologically driven that he refuses to admit  #151; or even learn from  #151; his mistakes.	0
0	Palestinian leader calls to end armed uprising, but won #39;t condemn <b>...</b>  Mahmoud Abbas, the Palestinian leader campaigning to succeed Yasser Arafat in elections next month, said in an interview Tuesday that the 4-year-old armed 	2
0	Bush Must OK Clinton Document Release Plan (AP)  AP - Former President Clinton will have to ask President Bush for permission to release thousands of domestic-policy records from his two terms in the White House, officials at Clinton's presidential library said Friday.	0
0	US Forces Set for Imminent Assault on Falluja  Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi (L) shakes hands with British Prime Minister Tony Blair (R) after talks in Brussels November 5, 2004 ahead of the second day of a EU summit.	3
1	President keeps Card as staff chief to mold new Cabinet into shape  Beginning to put his team in place for his second term, President Bush decided to keep Andy Card as White House chief of staff, retaining an unflappable veteran of the Reagan and first Bush presidencies.	0
0	Bush to Visit Hurricane-Stricken States  PENSACOLA, Fla. - President Bush scheduled a Sunday visit to hurricane-stricken Florida and Alabama - the third such visit for Florida - as many victims of Hurricane Ivan faced another day of digging through the debris of wrecked homes for their belongings and waiting hours in lines for food and water...	0
0	Bush Signs Intelligence Overhaul Bill (AP)  AP - President Bush on Friday signed the largest overhaul of U.S. intelligence-gathering in a half century, aiming to transform a system designed for Cold War threats so it can deal effectively with the post-Sept. 11 scourge of terrorism.	0
1	Networks Storm New York for Bush's Bash (Reuters)  Reuters - When the Republican	0
1	Kerry Vows to Ease Seniors #39; Health Costs  TOLEDO, Ohio Sept. 14, 2004 - John Kerry trumpeted his health care program Tuesday as a recipe to bring down soaring medical costs, rejecting Republican contentions that a Democratic plan would mean a government takeover.	1
1	Arafat #39;s Wife Clashes with Palestinian Leaders  Description: Yasser Arafat #39;s wife and leaders of the Palestinian Authority are in a tug of war over information regarding Arafat #39;s condition and treatment.	2
0	Bush, Kerry Exchange Bitter Words on Iraq  WASHINGTON - President Bush and Democratic rival John Kerry traded biting accusations over the war in Iraq on Monday as early Florida voting produced scattered complaints that stirred memories of the state's chaotic 2000 recount.    On a day of strikingly personal campaign rhetoric, Bush said his Democratic challenger stands for "protest and defeatism" in Iraq...	0 1
0	Bush Leads in Race to 270 Electoral Votes (AP)  AP - In a seesaw campaign, President Bush has opened a lead over John Kerry in their drive to White House victory by making gains in the Midwest and solidifying his Southern base.	0 1
1	Bush Returns to Hurricane-Ravaged Florida  President Bush is offering moral support and financial aid to states hard hit by the latest hurricane to strike the United States.	0
0	A Focused Senator, But Indecisive Candidate  John Kerry has lurched from course to course during his presidential campaign, periodically switching drivers and roadmaps -- and messages -- as he reacts to more and more information and advice.	1
1	Robertson comment troubles some voters  Did religious broadcaster Pat Robertson really hear President Bush say there would be no casualties in a war with Iraq, or did he misunderstand the commander-in-chief?	0
0	Israeli TV Says Arafat Health Has Worsened (Reuters)  Reuters - Israeli television said on Wednesday that Palestinian President Yasser Arafat's health had deteriorated.	2
0	Miller to Honor Swift Boat Vets' Group (AP)  AP - For one night only, it'll be spitballs and Swift Boats together on the same stage  #151; a who's who of Sen. John Kerry bashing. The American Conservative Union on Thursday announced it has tapped Sen. Zell Miller, D-Ga., to present the "Courage Under Fire" award to the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth at the Conservative Political Action Conference's Feb. 16 banquet.	1
0	Bush administration seeks clarification of Israeli officials #39; <b>...</b>  A senior US official on Thursday gave the first indication that the Bush administration is concerned by recent remarks by an Israeli government official that Israel plans to 	0
0	Bush Hosts Pakistani President for Talks (AP)  AP - President Bush has a lot to talk about with his main Muslim ally in the war on terror, and at the top of the list is the U.S.-Pakistan alliance itself.	0
0	Bush Asks Rumsfeld to Remain at Pentagon (AP)  AP - Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld, whose future has been in doubt amid spreading violence and U.S. deaths in Iraq, was asked by President Bush on Friday to remain at the Pentagon in the administration's second term, a senior official said.	0
1	UK Considers Request to Shift Some Forces in Iraq (Update1)  Britain is considering a request to shift some of its forces in Iraq to allow an attack on rebels in Fallujah, Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s spokesman said, denying the move was related to the US presidential election.	3
1	Thompson resigns as US health secretary  Tommy Thompson, US secretary of health and human services, resigned yesterday, marking the latest departure in a broad reshuffling of President George W. Bush #39;s cabinet as he prepares for a second term.	0
0	House OKs Bill on 9/11 Recommendations  WASHINGTON - House Republican leaders on Friday easily pushed through sweeping new law enforcement powers as part of a Sept. 11 anti-terrorism package, but the House now must negotiate a truce with the Senate on those measures to get President Bush's signature before the elections...	0
0	Kerry Criticizes Bush and Cheney on Halliburton's Iraq Contracts  John Kerry today accused the Bush administration of turning a blind eye to waste by Halliburton, and proposed reforming the contracting system.	1
0	Arafat's Condition Is Deteriorating, Reports Indicate  Conflicting reports that the Palestinian leader was fighting for his life touched off a flurry of political activity in Jerusalem and Ramallah.	2
0	The missing Middle East: Bush, Kerry sidestep Israeli-Palestinian conflict (AFP)  AFP - Locked in a bitter battle for the US presidency, incumbent President George W. Bush and challenger John Kerry have all but ignored one of the most pressing foreign policy issues of the day: the ongoing conflict between Israel and the Palestinians.	0 1
0	Bush to Visit Canada on Nov. 30 (AP)  AP - President Bush will make his first official visit to Canada on Nov. 30, meeting Prime Minister Paul Martin for talks ranging from security for the world's longest undefended border to commerce between these major trading partners, officials said Tuesday.	0
0	UK to Send Troops Into US-Controlled Area of Iraq (Update1)  UK Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s government, risking criticism from lawmakers in the ruling Labour Party, said it will redeploy 850 troops now in southern Iraq to a region controlled by US forces.	3
0	Official sources deny report on Arafat #39;s will on successor  Official Palestinian sources Friday denied an Israeli report that ailing Yasser Arafat left a will saying that Farouq al Qadoomi, chief of the Political Bureau in the Palestine 	2
1	JON STEWART GETS SERIOUS If You Interview Kissinger, Are You Still <b>...</b>  In a recent dust-up with Tucker Carlson on CNN #39;s  quot;Crossfire, quot; Mr. Stewart defended a soft interview he conducted with John Kerry.	1
1	Chaos continues in Gaza City  Gunfire erupts near a potential Palestinian leader, though most doubt it was an assassination attempt. JERUSALEM - Gunmen in the Gaza Strip unleashed bursts of automatic-weapons fire Sunday near Yasser Arafat #39;s 	2
1	Bush, Kerry Spar Over Leadership in Iowa  President Bush speaks during a campaign stop at J  amp; D Manufacturing Wednesday, Oct. 20, 2004, in Eau Claire, Wis. (AP Photo/Morry Gash).	0
0	Netanyahu Calls for Gaza Plan Referendum (AP)  AP - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's attempt to speed up a withdrawal from the Gaza Strip was undercut Monday by his main political rival, who called for a national referendum that could delay or even scuttle the pullout.	4
1	Number of poor in US still rising, report says  Washington -- About 1.3 million Americans slid into poverty in 2003, the US Census Bureau said yesterday in a report that fuelled Democratic criticism of President George W. Bush.	0
0	Bush, Kerry Set for 'Town Hall' Debate  ST. LOUIS - Democratic candidate John Kerry will likely try to shed any appearance of aloofness and President Bush will probably avoid the grimacing that marked their previous face-to-face encounter when they answer questions from undecided voters Friday night...	0 1
0	Russia Leads World Praise for Bush Reelection  Russian President Vladimir Putin was the first world leader to express tributes to George W. Bush #39;s victory in the US presidential race, saying it meant Americans had not allowed themselves to be cowed by terrorists.	0
1	Bush and Kerry spar over health, social security  President Bush pivoted sharply to domestic issues yesterday, parrying Sen. John Kerry #39;s charges that he had bungled the flu-vaccine 	0 1
1	Sharon Offers a Date for Settler Withdrawal From Gaza  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said today that he wanted to begin withdrawing Israeli settlers from the Gaza Strip next May or June and complete the pullout within three months.	4
1	Kerry vows US will win war on terror  Speaking to the American Legion national convention Wednesday, Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry said that despite an earlier statement by President Bush, the United States can and will win the war against terrorism 	0 1
0	Economy, Iraq War Frame Bush-Kerry Debate  ST. LOUIS - A lackluster unemployment report and fresh questions about President Bush's rationale for invading Iraq frame the second face-to-face encounter Friday night between Bush and Sen...	0
1	Barghouthi to Run for Palestinian President  Jailed popular leader Marwan Barghouthi decided on Wednesday to run in a Palestinian presidential election and Hamas militants vowed to boycott it, throwing the campaign into turmoil after Yasser Arafat #39;s death.	2
0	Kerry Wins Fans Abroad with Global Warming Plan (Reuters)  Reuters - Democratic presidential hopeful John Kerry has won plaudits abroad for his promises to fight global warming but could find his hands tied at home if he wins next week's U.S. elections.	1
1	Bush: We will carry Pennsylvania  President Bush, making his 43rd presidential visit to Pennsylvania on Thursday, voiced confidence that he would carry the hard-fought battleground state on Election Day.	0
1	Birmingham Freelancer Sues Kitty Kelley (AP)  AP - A freelance writer is suing biographer Kitty Kelley, claiming the author plagiarized his work in her new book about President Bush and his family.	0
1	First-Hand Account Backs Up Kerry on Vietnam War Controversy  A US newspaper editor who served with Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry in Vietnam has defended the candidate #39;s war record.	1
1	Kerry Mounts Fierce Attack on Bush #39;s Economic Policies  Senator John Kerry lashed out at President Bush #39;s economic record on Wednesday, saying that Mr. Bush had created more excuses than jobs and that in the closing months 	0 1
0	Retreat driven by spinelessness, not reason  Aaron Lerner October 8, 2004. Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is hardly the first Israeli prime minister who makes major policy moves because of orthopedic problems (the absence of a backbone).	4
0	Bush Urges Northern Ireland Peace Efforts (AP)  AP - Intervening for the second time in three days, President Bush on Sunday telephoned Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams in an effort to advance negotiations toward a power-sharing agreement between Northern Ireland's Catholics and Protestants.	0
0	Kerry Supporters Left to Deal With Blues (AP)  AP - It's a long way from the Manhattan office of psychoanalyst Sherman Pheiffer to the Cambridge, Mass., practice of psychologist Jaine Darwin. But both are in blue states that voted heavily for John Kerry, and on the day he conceded, they heard plenty of distress about the election.	1
0	AdWatch: Kerry Accuses Bush on Iraq Money (AP)  AP - Details of new television ad from Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry, that began airing Wednesday.	0 1
0	Sharon Says He Will Not Follow Road Map  JERUSALEM - Israel will not follow the U.S.-backed "road map" peace plan and could remain in much of the West Bank for a long time after it withdraws from the Gaza Strip, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said in a newspaper interview published Wednesday.    Sharon's comments were his most detailed yet on his long-term vision for the region...	4
1	Bush wants proof from Iran  President Bush yesterday called for independent verification of Iran #39;s claim that it has stopped enriching uranium that could be used in the development of a nuclear weapon.	0
1	New polls show presidential race tightening  WASHINGTON : Fresh polls showed the bitter and volatile presidential race between George W. Bush and John Kerry back to a dead heat as the two candidates stepped up their war of words over Iraq.	0 1
0	Arafat #39;s top lieutenants en route to Paris  Palestinian leaders rushed to Paris on Monday to check on the critically ill Yasser Arafat, but hospital officials said visiting rights were restricted - setting the stage 	2
0	Arafat and Palestinians  The land traditionally known as Palestine has been an unsettled international issue since the end of World War I. In 1947, the United Nations proposed dividing the land into Arab and Jewish countries, with Jerusalem under international administration.	2
0	Edwards, Cheney Set to Meet in Only Debate  CLEVELAND - Hours before the only vice presidential debate of the campaign, Sen. John Edwards told supporters Tuesday that he and Vice President Dick Cheney don't share the same view of the world - "and that's a good thing."   Cheney, who was arriving in Cleveland at mid-afternoon after preparing for the debate from his home in Jackson, Wyo., was expected to offer a strong rebuttal to Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry's criticism of the Bush administration and its policies in Iraq, a focus of the first presidential debate...	1
0	Bush and Kerry Spar Over Health Care  TEMPE, Ariz. - The topic most discussed during the final presidential debate - health care and how to pay for it - is getting another round from the Bush and Kerry campaigns on Thursday as they try to convince older Americans they know best how to treat a system that's under the weather...	0 1
0	In visit to Kuwait, Palestinian leader delivers apology  KUWAIT CITY -- Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas apologized to Kuwaitis yesterday for Palestinian support of former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein during the 1990-'91 Gulf War, his latest gesture to mend fences with Arab nations offended by the late Yasser Arafat over the years.	2
0	Israel Pushes Gaza Offensive, Faces Vote on Pullout   GAZA (Reuters) - An explosion killed a Palestinian in Gaza  Sunday, the 11th day of an Israeli offensive against militants  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon hopes will defuse internal  resistance to his plan for withdrawing from some occupied land.	4
1	Arafat #39;s Condition Improving, Aides Say  From his hospital bed, Yasser Arafat swiftly condemned a suicide bombing in Tel Aviv on Monday - a sign the ailing Palestinian leader wants to convey the impression he is still in charge despite deteriorating health.	2
0	Hundreds More Israeli Houses for West Bank  Israel will begin building another 533 housing units in the West Bank next year, an official said today, the latest indication that Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is working to strengthen West Bank settlements while pushing ahead with a Gaza pullout plan.	4
1	Can Kerry be Kerry?  Some people think starting Vietnam Veterans Against the War was the bravest and noblest thing John Kerry ever did, more courageous even than turning his boat around under enemy fire and pulling that man out of the water.	1
1	Israeli Parliament Clears Payoffs for Gaza Settlers  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon won another crucial, but not definitive, parliamentary vote today as legislators approved a  $900 million bill to compensate settlers who will be compelled to leave the Gaza Strip.	4
0	Arafat buried in his Mukata headquarters  In an emotionally charged burial ceremony which verged on chaos, the Palestinian people bid farewell to their leader as Yasser Arafat was buried in the Mukata compound in Ramallah.	2
0	Bush Moves to Privatize Social Security (AP)  AP - Fresh from re-election, President Bush is dusting off an ambitious proposal to overhaul Social Security, a controversial idea that had been shelved because of politics and the administration's focus on tax cuts and terrorism.	0
0	Chavez Ready to Meet Bush to Improve Ties -Minister   CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Venezuelan President Hugo  Chavez and his government are ready to meet President Bush and  U.S. administration officials to try to improve relations  following Chavez's referendum win, Venezuela's Foreign Minister  said on Wednesday.	0
0	White House on Defensive After Bremer Talk  WASHINGTON - The White House staunchly defended its Iraq policy Tuesday as new questions emerged about President Bush's prewar decisions and postwar planning. An impending weapons report undercut the administration's main rationale for the war, and the former head of the American occupation said the United States had too few troops in Iraq after the invasion...	0
1	Senate clears major revamp of intelligence  The Senate yesterday approved and sent to President Bush legislation to restructure the nation #39;s intelligence community, marking a triumph for the federal commission that documented 	0
1	Jet Crashes on Way to Get Former President Bush  A private jet on its way to pick up former US President Bush at a Houston airport crashed in bad weather on Monday, killing the three crew members on board, officials said.	0
0	Security dispute arises in Chile  SANTIAGO, Chile - President Bush demonstrated the meaning of his home state #39;s unofficial slogan,  quot;Don #39;t mess with Texas, quot; at a summit of Pacific Rim leaders here over the weekend.	0
0	Officials: Arafat Needs More Medical Tests  Yasser Arafat has been ill for two weeks with what was initially described as a bad flu. He took a turn for the worse Wednesday, collapsing and briefly losing consciousness.	2
1	Coalition shatters after budget vote  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon took a perilous step toward early elections yesterday, firing Cabinet ministers from the secular Shinui Party after members of the junior coalition 	4
1	Foreigners Blocked From Bush Site  LONDON -- President Bush #39;s official campaign website has blocked access to foreign surfers since Monday, an internet monitoring company said Wednesday.	0
1	Kerry links cost of Iraq war to domestic problems in new ad  WASHINGTON John Kerry is using a new television ad to link the cost of the war in Iraq to problems here at home. In the ad, the Democratic presidential hopeful says the US is spending 200 (b) billion dollars 	1
3	US vote produces wrong result for markets: no result at all  WASHINGTON : The US presidential election produced the one result the financial markets feared most: no result at all. The White House claimed victory for President George W. Bush after Tuesday #39;s vote but 	0
1	Rehnquist Plans to Attend Bush Inauguration  US Chief Justice William Rehnquist, who has been absent from the Supreme Court because of thyroid cancer, plans to swear in President Bush at his inauguration on Jan. 20, the White House and a court spokeswoman said on Friday.	0
1	Actor Fox Films Campaign Ad for Kerry (AP)  AP - Actor Michael J. Fox is returning to TV  #151; in a commercial praising Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry for his stance on stem cell research.	1
0	Kerry Says He Wouldn't Have Ousted Saddam  NEW YORK - Staking out new ground on Iraq, Sen. John Kerry said Monday he would not have overthrown Saddam Hussein had he been in the White House, and he accused President Bush of "stubborn incompetence," dishonesty and colossal failures of judgment...	0 1
0	Edwards Calls Bush 'Out of Touch' in Ore. (AP)  AP - Democratic vice presidential candidate John Edwards on Wednesday accused President Bush of failing to recognize the nation's problems and being unable to address its woes.	0
1	Republicans Urge Springsteen Boycott  Bruce Springsteen wants to see George W. Bush voted out of office, and conservatives are piping mad about it. 	0
1	Bush says there will be changes to cabinet  US President George W. Bush saidThursday that there would be some changes to the cabinet for his second term.  quot;There will be some changes quot; to the cabinet, but  quot;I don #39;t 	0
0	Ulster peace talks continue  Tony Blair will meet Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams at Downing Street later as the painstaking push for a peace deal in Northern Ireland continues.	3
1	Kerry:  #39;Social Security on ballot #39;  He visits Wilkes-Barre, says foe plans big cuts; Bush camp calls the attack misleading. By Joe McDermott. WILKES-BARRE  Democrat John Kerry hit on characteristic themes and scares Tuesday - including the 	0 1
0	Arafat gets well enough to undergo tougher tests  CLAMART, France - Tests on Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat showed problems with his digestion, but he has recovered sufficiently to undergo examinations that could not have been done when he was first rushed to France, an aide said yesterday.	2
0	Arafat improving, tracking US election  The health of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat continues to improve at his hospital outside Paris from where he is following with close attention the climax of the US presidential elections, Palestinian officials said Tuesday.	2
1	McCain: Bush not straight enough on Iraq  Several Republicans and Democrats took President Bush to task on Sunday #39;s talk shows over his repeated assertions that all is well in Iraq.	0
1	Candidates retool plans for sprint to finish line  WASHINGTON - Not in a generation has a presidential election been so close for so long. Now, as President Bush seems to be pulling a bit ahead of Sen. John Kerry, every step, and misstep, could affect their frantic race to the finish.	0 1
0	Abbas Calls on Palestinians to Drop Armed Struggle   GAZA (Reuters) - Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas called on  Tuesday for his people to pursue negotiations instead of  violence in the struggle for a state, marking out a change of  strategy for peace with Israel after Yasser Arafat's death.	2
0	Defeated Kerry calls on fellow Democrats to hold Bush accountable (AFP)  AFP - Former US presidential candidate John Kerry, who lost to President George W. Bush in this month's US election, called on his Democratic Party colleagues to hold his Republican rival "accountable" in the next four years.	0 1
1	Arafat #39;s doctors rule out leukemia  Relaying doctors #39; first official statement regarding ailing Palestinian Authority leader Yasser Arafat #39;s health, a PA spokeswoman said Tuesday that hospital medical staff had ruled out leukemia as a cause for his deterioration in health, and said his 	2
1	Rather Ridiculous  Just about the only sensible voice in the whole controversy over the documents CBS News used in its ham-handed attempt to raise questions about George W. Bush #39;s  quot;service quot; in the Texas National Guard came from retired typist Marian Carr Knox.	0
0	Kerry Pulls Ad of McCain Smear Complaint  NEW YORK - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry bowed to the wishes of popular maverick John McCain on Thursday, as the president embraced the Republican senator's legal fight against big-money special interest groups airing negative ads and the Democratic nominee scrapped a commercial that featured McCain...	0 1
0	DNC Reports Cash Edge Over Republicans (AP)  AP - Capping a stunning year of record fund raising by both sides, the Democratic National Committee said Thursday it outraised President Bush's GOP this election cycle. Its Republican rival wasn't disputing that, but noted the money didn't buy victory.	0
3	Bush reform may have blue states seeing red  President Bush #39;s  quot;revenue-neutral quot; tax reform needs losers to balance its winners, and people claiming the federal deduction for state and local taxes may be in administration planners #39; sights, news reports say.	0
1	Polls Suggest Higher Voter Turnout Likely  Democratic Presidential candidate Sen. John Kerry, D-Mass., greets the choir after speaking during Sunday Services at the Shiloh Baptist Church in Dayton, Ohio Sunday, Oct. 31, 2004.	1
0	Kerry's Running Mate Earns  #36;39 Million Over Decade (Reuters)  Reuters - Democratic vice presidential candidate John Edwards had income of nearly  #36;39 million over the past decade, and paid more than a third of his earnings in taxes, the Washington Post reported on Saturday.	1
0	Sharon Calls for Expansion of Israel's Gaza Offensive   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said  Israel should expand its massive raid of northern Gaza, one of  the army's deadliest offensives in more than four years of  conflict with the Palestinians.	4
0	Poll Shows Bush, Kerry in Virtual Tie (AP)  AP - The GOP convention gave President Bush a double-digit lead, but the race has settled into a virtual tie with voters still worried about the economy and Iraq, according to polling by the Pew Research Center.	0 1
1	Kerry Blasts Iraq  #39;Diversion #39;  John F. Kerry detailed his plan for combating terrorism Friday and insisted that the nation is no safer after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks because President Bush took his  quot;eye off the ball.	0 1
0	Report: Blair Warned of Iraq Chaos in '02 (AP)  AP - The government was accused Saturday of misleading the British public over plans for postwar Iraq after a newspaper reported that Prime Minister Tony Blair was warned a year before the invasion that postwar stability would be difficult.	3
1	Democrats question what went wrong  As John Kerry basked Wednesday in the final applause of his failed campaign, at a packed gathering in Boston that was nothing short of funereal, supporters shivered in the cold outside and wondered what went wrong.	1
1	Debates critical for Bush, Kerry  The first of three presidential debates mostly likely will feature President George Bush and Democratic challenger Sen. John Kerry at their charismatic best, experts say.	0 1
0	Sharon Vows Parliament Vote on Gaza Plan on Oct. 25   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  vowed on Monday to put his Gaza withdrawal plan to a  parliamentary vote on Oct. 25, despite persistent violence in  the coastal strip and fierce opposition from Israel's far  right.	4
1	Chirac leads chilly responses in Europe to Bush #39;s re-election  By Stephen Castle in Brussels and Andrew Buncombe in Washington. Moves to improve the EU #39;s fractious and often testy relations with Washington were undermined yesterday by a fresh Anglo-French clash over Iraq 	0
0	Bush and Kerry Spar Over Health Care  TEMPE, Ariz. - The topic most discussed during the final presidential debate - health care and how to pay for it - is getting another round from the Bush and Kerry campaigns on Thursday as they try to convince older Americans they know best how to treat a system that's under the weather...	0 1
0	Bush to Take Security Agenda to APEC Meet (AP)  AP - President Bush, meeting with Asian-Pacific leaders, is seeking more international backing to both persuade North Korea to abandon its nuclear weapons ambitions and to take concrete steps to cripple terrorist networks around the world.	0
0	Protesters Flood New York, Cheney Praises Bush (Reuters)  Reuters - Hundreds of thousands of protesters flooded the streets of New York to condemn President Bush on the eve of the Republican convention on Sunday, but Vice President Dick Cheney praised Bush's "calm" leadership after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.	0
0	Blair heads off to Africa on trip aimed at securing legacy (AFP)  AFP - Freshly recovered from a heart operation, British Prime Minister Tony Blair was scheduled to fly to Ethiopia on a personal aid mission which he hopes will also provide a restorative boost to his own place in history.	3
0	Powell gives no hint that he will leave post  Secretary of State Colin L. Powell, whom many analysts had expected to leave his post in a second Bush administration, has shown little sign 	0
1	Endangered species #39; futures traded away  Last week US President George W. Bush held up a rifle at his ranch and declared that he was a conservationist. The man who wants to open the Arctic to oil companies and who has ripped up more 	0
1	French hospital denies reports  PARIS - A hospital official in France on Thursday denied reports that Yasser Arafat had died as the result of an undisclosed illness.	2
0	Sharon Vows to Press on with Gaza Pullout Plan   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon vowed on  Thursday to press on with his plan to pull Israeli settlers and  soldiers out of the Gaza Strip despite his party's rejection of  a partnership with the pro-withdrawal Labour Party.	4
1	Tony Blair  #39;Fine #39; After Heart Treatment  For the second time in a year, British Prime Minister Tony Blair underwent treatment Friday for an irregular heartbeat. Blair was released from London hospital soon after the procedure, and told reporters he was  quot;absolutely fine.	3
0	Blair Rules Out Iraq Civilian Death Toll Probe  British Prime Minister Tony Blair rejected a call Wednesday for an independent inquiry into the civilian death toll in the US-led war in Iraq.	3
1	Bush branded an 'idiot' by Robbie  Pop star Robbie Williams calls US President George Bush an "idiot" on a visit to Mexico.	0
1	Bush Dubs Energy Pick a  #39;Problem Solver #39;  President Bush announces Samuel W. Bodman, right, as his nominee for Secretary of Energy, Friday, Dec. 10, 2004, in the Roosevelt Room of the White House.	0
0	How Europe Sees It  Europeans were right. It was a world election. They favored Kerry, roughly 6-1. Now they must live with the result. Europeans opposed Bush largely because they believe his 	0 1
0	Campaign Ads Filling Airwaves During RNC (AP)  AP - Viewers treated to a break from the TV ad wars during the Democratic convention last month won't get the same respite when Republicans gather to re-nominate President Bush.	0
0	Palestinian Officials Offer Differing Accounts of Arafat #39;s <b>...</b>  French doctors are expected to issue a preliminary report on the medical condition of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat by midweek, according to Palestinian officials, who 	2
0	Bush to Visit Canada on Nov. 30 (AP)  AP - President Bush will make his first official visit to Canada on Nov. 30, meeting Prime Minister Paul Martin for talks that will range from terrorism and security along the world longest undefended border to trade problems, officials said Tuesday.	0
0	'No Child Left Behind' Top Education Issue (AP)  AP - President Bush asked for it. Sen. John Kerry voted for it. Both candidates now find their education agendas driven by the No Child Left Behind law.	0 1
0	Elizabeth Edwards Has Breast Cancer (AP)  AP - Elizabeth Edwards, wife of former Democratic vice presidential candidate John Edwards, was diagnosed with breast cancer the day her husband and Sen. John Kerry conceded the presidential race.	1
1	Bush Campaigns in Minnesota on Health Savings Accounts  President Bush campaigned today in Minnesota, a swing state he lost in 2000 but that seems to be in play this year, where he described Senator John Kerry as out of touch on issues from health care to Iraq.	0 1
1	Reaction to Bush choosing Kellogg CEO to be Commerce secretary   quot;In Carlos Gutierrez, the Department of Commerce will have an experienced manager and an innovative leader. He will be a strong, principled voice for American business and an inspiration to millions of men 	0
0	Kerry Warns Draft Possible if Bush Wins  WASHINGTON - John Kerry said Friday there is a "great potential" for a new military draft to replace overextended U.S. troops in Iraq if President Bush wins a second term, despite Bush's repeated pledges to maintain the all-volunteer service...	0 1
1	If he really wants to mend relations, start with Europe on the <b>...</b>  President George W. Bush is moving quickly to take advantage of the opening provided by Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s death to push for a resumption of Mideast peace talks.	0 2
1	Bush Defends Iraq Decisions in Canada  President Bush and Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin sought on Tuesday to mend fences after four years of strained relations between the two neighbors aggravated by the US-led war on Iraq.	0
0	Kerry courts Florida voters as Bush prepares for upcoming debate (AFP)  AFP - Democratic hopeful John Kerry joined singing worshippers at a largely black Baptist church here seeking their support, while his rival, President George W. Bush, prepared at his Texas ranch for their upcoming debate on domestic issues.	0 1
0	Bush Tries to Help U.S. Firms Invest in Libya (Reuters)  Reuters - The Bush administration has asked Congress to quickly lift a ban on U.S. Export-Import Bank loans in Libya and said "timing is critical" to help American companies invest in the oil-rich country, according to a letter released on Tuesday.	0
1	Bush, Kerry enter final weekend of campaign in dead heat  ORLANDO - Heading into the final weekend before the election, US President George W. Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry tried to drum up key electoral votes as polls continued to show the candidates in a close race.	0 1
0	Mourning Palestinians Pledge Vote to Replace Arafat (Reuters)  Reuters - Yasser Arafat's successors promised swift elections to replace him Saturday as Palestinians flocked to his tomb to pay last respects to the ex-guerrilla who symbolized hopes of a state.	2
1	Bush Now Saying  #39;We Will Win #39; Terror War  NASHVILLE, Tenn. Aug. 31, 2004 - President Bush will tell the nation #39;s largest veterans #39; group Tuesday that  quot;we will win quot; the war on terror, seeking to quell controversy and Democratic criticism of his remark 	0
1	Israeli cabinet approves part of Gaza plan  A compensation plan for Israeli settlers who will be uprooted from the Gaza Strip was approved Sunday by Israel #39;s cabinet. This hands Prime Minister Ariel Sharon an important political victory before the Knesset votes on the pullout plan on Tuesday.	4
0	Europe cautiously optimistic about 2nd Bush term  President Bush #39;s biggest adversaries from  quot;Old Europe quot; extended a hand of friendship as the world greeted his re-election with a mixture of hope and disappointment.	0
1	Why Teresa Heinz Kerry is such a flake  In the spirit of the Kerry campaign official who declared Vice President Cheney #39;s lesbian daughter  quot;fair game, quot; let us now turn to the question of whether John Kerry #39;s wife is fit to be First Lady.	1
0	Israeli Labour party could clinch coalition deal with Sharon  #39;in <b>...</b>  Israel #39;s opposition Labour party began talks with Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Likud party yesterday about joining its coalition - a partnership aimed at promoting a military withdrawal from Gaza.	4
1	US claims Iraq to be key of anti-terrorism war  US White House spokesman Scott McClellan on Wednesday rejected Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry #39;s saying that  quot;war of Iraq is not part of the war on terrorism, quot; stressing 	1
0	Israel #39;s Labour in talks on coalition  The central committee of Israel #39;s Labour party on Saturday decided to open talks with the ruling Likud party of Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon aimed at joining a national unity government, a spokesperson said.	4
0	White House: Guard Never Disciplined Bush  WASHINGTON - President Bush never was disciplined while serving in the Texas Air National Guard, never failed a physical and never asked his father or family friends for help to get him into the guard during the Vietnam War, the White House said Wednesday.    The White House answers came in response to a dozen questions submitted by The Associated Press in light of new records detailing Bush's Guard service and allegations that have surfaced this election season...	0
1	Ohio Native To Replace Rice  President Bush #39;s new national security adviser is an Ohio native who #39;s known around the White House as  quot;Dad. quot;. Stephen Hadley is a longtime foreign policy aide to Republican presidents -- he #39;s served four of them going back to President Nixon.	0
0	Video Said to Show British Hostage Killed (AP)  AP - British hostage Kenneth Bigley, who pleaded tearfully last month for Prime Minister Tony Blair to meet his kidnappers' demands, was beheaded by his captors, a witness who saw the videotaped killing said Friday.	3
0	Bush Defends Iraq Invasion Despite Report  WASHINGTON - Faced with a harshly critical new report, President Bush conceded Thursday that Iraq did not have the stockpiles of banned weapons he had warned of before the invasion last year, but insisted that "we were right to take action" against Saddam Hussein.   "America is safer today with Saddam Hussein in prison," Bush said in a surprise statement to reporters as he prepared to fly to Wisconsin...	0
1	US Reaches Out to EU on Mideast Peace After Arafat  The Bush administration is reaching out to European allies for a possible new push for peace in the Middle East if Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is replaced by more 	2
0	Blair Faces Growing Revolt From Lawmakers  British Prime Minister Tony Blair, speaks at a press conference that he held with UN Secretary General Kofi Anan inside 10 Downing St.	3
1	Kerry Campaign Wants to Rebut Film on TV (AP)  AP - Sen. John Kerry's presidential campaign, contending that Sinclair Broadcast Group wants to help President Bush by airing an anti-Kerry documentary two weeks before the election, asked on Friday that each station carrying the program provide a similar amount of time to Kerry supporters.	0 1
0	Protesters disrupt rallying call  Prime Minister Tony Blair faced angry protests as he urged his party to set aside its differences over Iraq and seize the chance of an historic third term in power.	3
0	Bush campaign website takes a dive (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush's official re-election website was down and inaccessible for hours, in what campaign officials said could be the work of hackers.	0
0	US says Zarqawi aide killed, Bush under fire over missing Iraq <b>...</b>  BAGHDAD (AFP) - The US military said it killed an aide to Iraqs most wanted man Abu Mussab al-Zarqawi in an air strike on rebel-held Fallujah, as President George W. Bush came under fire over a missing explosives scandal.	0
1	Kerry says Bush hiding unpleasant news on war  Sen. John Kerry accused President Bush on Tuesday of trying to hide news of missing explosives in Iraq until after the election and said Bush had  quot;never leveled quot; with Americans about the war.	0 1
0	Focus Group Gives Slight Edge to Kerry (Reuters)  Reuters - A group of citizens in the swing state of New Hampshire, including Democrats, Republicans and one undecided voter, gave a slight edge to Democrat John Kerry in Thursday's first presidential debate.	1
0	Palestinian PM calls for peace talks  One day after Yasser Arafat #39;s burial, Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qurei called Saturday for the continuation of peace talks with Israel.	2
0	Hostage begs Britain to pull its troops out  Baghdad -- Kidnapped aid official Margaret Hassan, pleading for her life between terrified sobs, appeared on a videotape Friday urging British Prime Minister Tony Blair to abandon Iraq and not to assist the United States in preparing for an assault on 	3
1	Kerry defends ridiculed vote  Democratic Sen. John Kerry said Wednesday his much-ridiculed explanation of why he voted in favor of additional funding for the war in Iraq before voting against it was 	1
0	Bush Says Iran Speeds Output of A-Bomb Fuel  In meetings with Asian leaders today, President Bush also attempted to establish a unifed front against North Korea.	0
0	Outcry over UK deaths  The nightmarish beginning to a controversial redeployment has rekindled criticism of Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s decision to shift the 850-strong Black Watch Regiment from the relative calm of Basra to Iraq #39;s deadliest area.	3
1	Bush supporter critical of Iraq policy  A Republican senator who campaigned for the US president at last month #39;s Republican convention says the Bush Administration has made mistakes in their Iraq policy.	0
0	APEC Leaders Want to Revive World Trade Talks   SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - Asia-Pacific leaders promised  on Sunday to try to revive world trade talks and fight  terrorism after a summit marred at the end by spats over the  security of President Bush.	0
0	Fla. Democrats Hope for More Cuban American Votes (Reuters)  Reuters - Democrats are pouncing on what they say is a slip in support for President Bush among Florida's Cuban Americans, who backed him overwhelmingly in 2000 and have been staunchly behind Republicans in presidential elections.	0
0	Smith Political Dinner Gets Bush, Carey (AP)  AP - Because President Bush and Democratic presidential candidate Sen. John Kerry were deemed too divisive for the annual Alfred E. Smith political dinner, the crowd heard from former President Bush and former New York Gov. Hugh Carey instead.	0 1
0	Experts Wary of Predicting Win for Bush (AP)  AP - President Bush will be the first president in 72 years to face the electorate with a net job loss. The Iraq war has deeply torn the nation. National polls show a neck-and-neck race. Yet economy-based projections still show a decisive Bush victory on Nov. 2.	0
0	Kerry Warns Dairyland Voters of Bush Plan (AP)  AP - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry told voters in America's Dairyland on Monday that President Bush had a secret plan that would hurt milk producers after the election.	0 1
1	Sharp Words Ahead Of 2nd Debate  (CBS/AP) President Bush and Sen. John Kerry meet Friday in a debate rematch as a new poll shows a shift toward the Democratic challenger and amid more troubling news on Iraq.	0 1
0	White House Proposes Intelligence Changes  WASHINGTON - Amid a heated election-year debate on intelligence reform, the White House is expected to move soon on executive orders aimed at implementing a more powerful intelligence director and a new national counterterrorism center.    Bush administration and congressional officials said Thursday drafts of executive orders are circulating among relevant agencies for approval...	0
1	Ins And Outs: Bush Cabinet Shuffle  (CBS/AP) President Bush tapped former NYPD commissioner Bernard Kerik as his choice to head the Department of Homeland Security Friday, as former Wisconsin Gov.	0
0	Cahill Admits Underestimating Ads' Impact (AP)  AP - The campaign manager for Sen. John Kerry's failed presidential bid said Wednesday she regrets underestimating the impact of an attack advertisement that questioned Kerry's Vietnam War record.	1
1	A boost to his base  President George W. Bush #39;s nomination of Cuban-born Carlos M. Gutierrez for Commerce secretary fits neatly into a long-term strategy of boosting Republican prospects for national 	0
3	Bush Pledges Strong-Dollar Policy  President Bush meets with Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi in the Oval Office of the White House, Wednesday, Dec. 15, 2004, in Washington.	0
0	Americans Show Clear Concerns on Bush Agenda  Americans are optimistic about the next four years, but they have reservations about President Bush's agenda.	0
2	Bush comes up big for top-ranked Trojans  Running back Reggie Bush came out of the backfield to give Southern California a new big-play receiver. Bush caught three touchdown passes to help the top-ranked Trojans beat 	0
0	CBS admits error over Bush memos  CBS News now admits doubts about memos used in a report questioning  President Bush's military service record.	0
0	Not One Tear  For nearly four decades Yasser Arafat has plagued the world as the leader of the Palestinian Liberation Organization (PLO). He has been credited by some as the father of modern terrorism.	2
0	Ten Candidates to Run in Palestinian Election   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Ten candidates will run in  the Palestinian Authority's presidential election to replace  Yasser Arafat, officials said on Thursday after finalizing the  list of contenders for the Jan. 9 race.	2
0	UK's Blair Loses Key Minister Ahead of Election   LONDON (Reuters) - Top British government minister David  Blunkett resigned on Wednesday over a charge of abuse of  office, ripping a hole in Prime Minister Tony Blair's  government months before an expected general election.	3
3	Helicopter in battle for Pentagon contracts  When President Bush flies in a helicopter, it #39;s  quot;Marine One, quot; one of a fleet of green-and-white Sikorsky Sea King aircraft that has carried every US president since John Kennedy.	0
0	Britain Ups Anti-Terror Security Spending (AP)  AP - The Sept. 11 attacks on America forced Prime Minister Tony Blair's government to ponder a troubling question: Could terrorists pull off something similar, or even worse, in London or another big British city? The answer, they concluded, was yes.	3
1	Final state called in Bush #39;s favor  Three days after Election Day 2004, the last remaining state has been called in favor of President Bush. The Associated Press on Friday reported that Bush won in Iowa, defeating challenger John Kerry 	0 1
0	Sharon Says Nothing Will Stop Gaza Plan  JERUSALEM - Facing unrelenting criticism from Jewish settlers, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Monday that nothing would deter him from pushing forward with his plan to pull out of the Gaza Strip and parts of the West Bank.    Also Monday, scattered fighting in the Gaza Strip killed at least five Palestinian militants, including two Palestinians who infiltrated Israel from Gaza early Monday and were shot in a lengthy gunbattle...	4
1	Bush defends Iraq war at the UN  US President George W. Bush has declared Iraq and Afghanistan to be on the road to democracy and stability and said they would become models for reshaping the entire Middle East.	0
0	Kerry-Kerrey Confusion Trips Up Campaign (AP)  AP - John Kerry, Bob Kerrey. It's easy to get confused.	1
0	Blair Aims to Get Bush to Focus on Peace  British Prime Minister Tony Blair will seek this week to use his support for President Bush in Iraq as a lever for greater US commitment to the quest for peace in the Middle East.	0 3
0	Palestinians in Lebanon still believe Barghouti best ticket  TYRE, Lebanon: Many Palestinians in refugee camps in Lebanon say they would rather see imprisoned West Bank Fatah leader Marwan Barghouti succeed Yasser Arafat than the movement #39;s official candidate Mahmoud Abbas.	2
1	Arafat #39;s condition  #39;unchanged #39;  France says the condition of the Palestinian leader, Yasser Arafat, remains unchanged in the military hospital near Paris where he has been in a coma since Wednesday.	2
0	Greenspan: Economy Regaining Some Traction  WASHINGTON - Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said Wednesday the economy has "regained some traction" after a late spring slowdown that was triggered by a sharp spike in oil prices.    Greenspan's moderately upbeat forecast came as the nation entered the final two months of an election battle in which President Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry have widely different views on how the economy is performing at present...	0 1
0	Bush hails Afghanistan #39;s election  US President George W. Bush saidon Saturday that the kickoff of Afghan presidential elections was a remarkable achievement.  quot;A marvelous thing is happening in Afghanistan, quot; Bush 	0
1	Key Senator Denies Warning Bush on Abortion Issue  The presumptive incoming chairman of the powerful Senate Judiciary Committee denied on Thursday that he had issued a warning to President Bush not to nominate anti-abortion judges for the Supreme Court.	0
0	Abducted CNN Producer Released in Gaza  Palestinians marked the fourth anniversary of their uprising Tuesday amid signs that the extremist Hamas group is preparing a political challenge to Yasser Arafat 	2
0	Bush tells UN  #39;all must fight the murderers #39;  President Bush stressed the importance of spreading freedom in the world and defended his decision to invade Iraq in a speech Tuesday to the UN General Assembly.	0
1	Rendell: Osama bin Laden wants Bush re-elected   quot;It #39;s obvious to me that bin Laden is trying to help George Bush, because George Bush is the best recruiter that al-Qaida has, quot; Rendell told  quot;Fox News Sunday.	0
3	Bush Signs Into Law Debt Ceiling Increase   WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Bush on Friday signed into  law a measure authorizing an  $800 billion increase in the  credit limit of the United States, the White House said.	0
0	Palestinians Attack Settlement After Arafat Dies   GAZA (Reuters) - Palestinian militants angry over Yasser  Arafat's death attacked a Jewish settlement in the Gaza Strip  on Thursday in what they said signaled the start of a new round  of clashes against Israel.	2
1	Blair #39;s pledge on Hassan worries her colleagues  BAGHDAD - Iraqi colleagues of kidnapped aid worker Margaret Hassan say they are deeply worried that Tony Blair #39;s repeated pledge to  #39;save #39; her is, in fact, putting her life in increased danger.	3
0	UK Considers Request to Shift Some Forces in Iraq (Update1)  Britain is considering a request to shift some of its forces in Iraq to allow an attack on rebels in Fallujah, Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s spokesman said, denying the move was related to the US presidential election.	3
0	Does Arafats death offer a chance of peace for Middle East?  A day after Yasser Arafat was buried, Palestinians began taking stock of a future without the man who led their fight for independence, while Europe and the US look at ways to revive the stalled peace process.	2
1	Bush campaign Web site inaccessible from outside US, Canada  LONDON John Kerry is trying to take down George Bush -- but someone else may be trying to take Bush down from the Web. President Bush #39;s campaign Web site is inaccessible from outside the US and Canada.	0 1
0	Report: Egypt Brokers Mideast Peace Plan (AP)  AP - Egypt said Tuesday it had brokered an understanding to halt Israeli-Palestinian violence and move toward a peace accord, hours after Hamas militants set off a bomb in Gaza that killed an Israeli soldier and triggered Israeli retaliation that left four Palestinian militants dead in the most serious violence since the death of Yasser Arafat.	2
0	German Official Criticizes U.S. Deficit (AP)  AP - A German finance official urged the United States to tackle its twin deficits during President Bush's second term to counter concerns weighing on financial markets, a magazine reported Saturday.	0
0	Fight over Arafat #39;s medical records  Yasser Arafat #39;s half brother insisted Saturday the Palestinian people were entitled to know the cause of their leader #39;s death, but Arafat #39;s widow threatened a legal fight over the medical file in an ugly family tug-of-war.	2
2	Stars endorse London #39;s 2012 Olympic Games  LONDON - From David Beckham to Roger Moore to Tony Blair, London is rolling out the big names to promote its campaign for the 2012 Olympics.	3
1	Michigan #39;s 17 Democratic electors give state #39;s votes to John Kerry  Seventeen Democratic electors gave presidential candidate John Kerry and vice presidential candidate John Edwards their votes as Michigan #39;s 2004 Electoral College met in the state Senate chamber Monday.	1
0	Bush Declares Kerry Can't Keep U.S. Safe (AP)  AP - President Bush said Friday that the choice facing voters amounts to who can keep Americans safer from terrorists and that John Kerry does not measure up. Kerry's campaign accused the president of resorting to fearmongering out of desperation as the rivals exchanged accusations across battleground states.	0 1
0	Brokaw, Jennings Show Support for Rather  NEW YORK - While acknowledging mistakes in CBS anchor Dan Rather's "60 Minutes" report that questioned President Bush's service in the National Guard, competing news anchors Tom Brokaw and Peter Jennings offered support Saturday for the beleaguered newsman.    Brokaw blasted what he called an attempt to "demonize" CBS and Rather on the Internet, where complaints about the report first surfaced...	0
1	Europe leverage seems limited in Mideast  As the Palestinians #39; main donor and Israel #39;s top commercial partner, Europe could be a major player in pushing to restart the stalled Middle East peace process in the post-Yasser Arafat era.	2
1	Bush and Kerry trade jabs  economic record and Kerry launching a fierce counter-attack on Republicans who  quot;can #39;t tell the truth. quot;.  quot;Our economy is growing and it #39;s getting stronger, quot; Bush said.	0 1
0	Bush Emphasizes Humanitarian Issues at UN  NEW YORK - President Bush, trying to soften his image overseas as a heavy-handed unilateralist, is using his annual address to the United Nations to offer up a brighter vision of a planet with less hunger, disease and oppression.    Exactly six weeks before Election Day, Bush is equally concerned about his audience at home...	0
0	Israelis Kill 5 Palestinians; Sharon Under Pressure   GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli troops killed five Palestinian  militants in gun battles Monday as Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  sought to dampen rising pressure for a referendum on his plan  to withdraw from occupied Gaza.	4
1	Bush Returns to Hurricane-Ravaged Florida  President Bush is offering moral support and financial aid to states hard hit by the latest hurricane to strike the United States.	0
1	Dow Ends Up 101 on President Bush Victory  Wall Street celebrated President Bush #39;s re-election with a solid rally Wednesday, surging higher as investors welcomed continuity in Washington and shrugged off higher oil prices.	0
0	Democrats Decry Bush Comments on Terror (AP)  AP - Democrats criticized President Bush's record on national security and military matters Monday, seizing on the president's comment that he doesn't think the fight against terrorism can be won.	0
0	Bush Seen Vulnerable to Kerry Among Independent Voters (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush, who holds a sizable lead in some polls, still appears to be vulnerable to Democrat John Kerry among independent voters whose shifting loyalties could determine the winner of the November election, pollsters say.	0 1
0	Brother Confirms British Hostage Is Dead  BAGHDAD, Iraq - British hostage Kenneth Bigley, who pleaded tearfully last month for Prime Minister Tony Blair to meet his kidnappers' demands, was beheaded by his captors, his brother said Friday.   "We can confirm that the family has now received absolute proof that Ken Bigley was executed by his captors," Philip Bigley said in a statement he read on national television in Britain...	3
0	Candidates Play on Fears of Attacks, Wars  WASHINGTON - Playing on the fear factor, Vice President Dick Cheney suggested in a campaign speech there might be another terrorist attack on the United States if John Kerry were in the White House. President Bush's opponents' are raising their own worst fears, including the potential for more wars during a second Bush term...	0 1
0	Colombia Says Rebels Planned to Kill Bush  A top official in Colombia says the country #39;s largest Marxist rebel group targeted President Bush for assassination when he visited Cartagena this past week.	0
0	Reports: Sharon Approves North Gaza Pullback (Reuters)  Reuters - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon gave the go-ahead on Thursday for troops to withdraw from parts of northern Gaza, media reports said, shortly after they killed the 100th Palestinian in the largest Gaza offensive in four years.	4
1	OPEC to monitor impact of US election on oil prices  JAKARTA: OPEC president Purnomo Yusgiantoro said Thursday the cartel would monitor any impact from the re-election of US President George W. Bush on oil prices.	0
0	Hamas: Sharon leads Israel to agony  The Palestinian Islamic Resistance Movement (Hamas) said Saturday that Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and his policy are leading Israel to agony and distress.	4
0	WORLD BRIEFS  SHARON WARNS OF CIVIL WAR. Prime Minister Ariel Sharon criticized Israeli hard-liners yesterday, warning that heated rhetoric against his plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip could lead to civil war.	4
0	Positions of Bush/Kerry on Foreign Policy (Reuters)  Reuters - Foreign affairs have featured prominently in the race for U.S. president between Republican President Bush and his Democratic challenger, Massachusetts Sen. John Kerry. Here's a look at their views on the issues:	0 1
1	CBS Sorry for Preempting Hit Drama with Arafat Report   LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - The CBS television network  apologized to viewers on Thursday for interrupting the last  five minutes of a hit detective drama with a special report on  the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Lawmaker Seeks Probe Into Bush Documents (AP)  AP - Top Republicans on Wednesday tried to tie the Kerry campaign to disputed documents used by CBS News for a story examining President Bush's Vietnam-era service in the Texas National Guard and called for a congressional investigation.	0
3	Other Comments (Forbes.com)  Forbes.com - Governments react differently to acts of terror. President Bush took the war against terror on the offensive, to Afghanistan and Iraq. In Spain, the newly elected government chose to react to the Madrid train bombings with appeasement, withdrawing Spanish troops from Iraq. In Russia, President Vladimir Putin has reacted to the Beslan school massacre by taking yet another step in centralizing political power in the Kremlin. ...	0
0	Bush Praises Canadians for Post-9/11 Aid  US President Bush speaks at Pier 21 in Halifax, Canada, Wednesday, Dec. 1, 2004. (AP Photo/Charles Dharapak). HALIFAX, Nova Scotia Dec 1, 2004 - President Bush asked Canadians on Wednesday to move beyond 	0
1	Kerry on Iraq:  #39;Wrong War, Wrong Place, Wrong Time #39;  Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry on Monday called the invasion of Iraq  quot;the wrong war in the wrong place at the wrong time quot; and said his goal was to withdraw US troops in a first White House term.	1
0	Who Will Lead Them Now?  Arafat's death raises hopes for a new push for peace. But much depends on who takes charge and how the U.S. responds	2
1	Bin Laden tape #39;s influence apparent in stump speeches  Sen. John Kerry and President Bush returned to their arguments over who is the tougher leader for a dangerous age Saturday, sharpened by a new subtext 	0 1
1	Sen. Edwards #39; Wife Diagnosed With Breast Cancer  WASHINGTON -- Elizabeth Edwards was diagnosed with breast cancer in Boston Wednesday -- the same day her husband, Sen. John Edwards, conceded defeat in the presidential election, alongside Sen. John Kerry.	1
0	Bush lawyer quits over ads link  A lawyer quits the Bush campaign after confirming  links with a group that accused John Kerry of lying.	1
0	Miller Raps Democrats, Calls Kerry Wobbly  NEW YORK - In a den of Republicans, Democratic Sen. Zell Miller asserted Wednesday that Senate colleague John Kerry's indecisive ways would encourage terrorists and weaken the country's defenses...	1
1	Blair Says He #39;s Ready To Talk to Kidnappers  BRIGHTON, England - British Prime Minister Tony Blair said Wednesday he was ready to open up contact with captors of a British hostage in Iraq, shown on video begging Blair to save his life.	3
1	Bush to Make Secretary of State Announcement Today  President Bush will announce at 12:30 EST on Tuesday his nomination to replace resigning Secretary of State Colin Powell, the White House said.	0
3	Congress Rushes to Pass Tax Cut Package  Congress on Thursday rushed to pass a  $145.9 billion package of tax relief that would extend three popular middle class tax cuts and hand President Bush his fourth major tax victory since taking office.	0
1	Palestinian militants wage biggest attack since Arafat #39;s death  Palestinian militants tunneled under an Israeli army post at a border crossing between the Gaza Strip and Egypt and set off explosives Sunday, killing five soldiers and wounding five others.	2
0	Arafat file fails to halt rumours  The nephew of late Palestinian leader says Yasser Arafat's medical file does not end rumours about his death.	2
0	Peres: Sharon Risks Assassination for Gaza Plan   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Opposition leader Shimon Peres said  on Tuesday he feared Israeli extremists might try to  assassinate Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, the target of growing  far-right fury over a planned withdrawal from Gaza next year.	4
1	Thursday Night Throwdown: Bush, Kerry Focus on Iraq  Senator John Kerry and President George W. Bush clashed sharply over the war in Iraq last night, with Kerry accusing Bush of rushing to war without a plan and Bush countering that Kerry #39;s vote against additional combat funding made him the wrong man to 	0 1
0	Bush Seeks Strong Intelligence Director  WASHINGTON - President Bush is urging Congress to create a strong national intelligence director to control the nonmilitary portions of the nation's intelligence community, a position similar to what was envisioned by the Sept. 11 commission...	0
1	Israeli Parliament Rejects State Budget  Israel #39;s parliament voted against the state budget Wednesday, triggering a political crisis that could topple Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s government and stall his plan to pull out of Gaza and part of the West Bank next year.	4
3	Democratic Vice Presidential Candidate Blasts Overtime Rules  Democratic Vice Presidential candidate John Edwards has blasted new Bush administration overtime rules due to take effect Monday. In the Democratic Party #39;s response to President Bush #39;s weekly radio address 	0
0	In Boost For Sharon, Israeli Cabinet Approves Compensation For <b>...</b>  _ The Israeli Cabinet approved guidelines Sunday to compensate settlers uprooted by Ariel Sharon #39;s Gaza withdrawal plan, giving the prime minister a welcome boost ahead of a parliamentary showdown this week.	4
0	Peace plan summit  GEORGE W. Bush and Tony Blair will try to thrash out a new Middle East peace plan as Yasser Arafat #39;s health hangs in the balance.	2 3
0	Iraqi Civilian Death Toll Probe Needed, Dignitaries Tells Blair  UK Prime Minister Tony Blair has been urged in a letter from 46 dignitaries, including former British diplomats and military leaders, to set up an independent investigation into the number 	3
1	Kerry Weighs Options As Hopes Fade  BOSTON -- Sen. John Kerry remained at his Beacon Hill home Wednesday morning while his advisors met to evaluate his options as his hopes of beating President George W. Bush started to diminish.	0 1
0	Arafat in critical condition: aides  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat has been in a coma for several hours and now in critical condition, Arafat #39;s senior aides said on Thursday.	2
0	Arafat #39;s Top Lieutenants Travel to Paris  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat and his wife Suha hold hands prior to Arafat #39;s departure from his compound in the West Bank town of Ramallah in this file picture released by the Palestinian Authority Friday Oct. 29, 2004.	2
0	Straw and Allawi hold Iraq talks  UK Foreign Secretary Jack Straw is holding talks on security in Iraq with the country #39;s interim prime minster. On Sunday Iyad Allawi met UK Premier Tony Blair who said Iraq had become the  quot;crucible of global terrorism quot;.	3
1	CBS News Fires Producer Over Arafat Special Report (Reuters)  Reuters - CBS News has fired the producer responsible for interrupting the last five minutes of a hit crime drama with a special report on the death of Palestinian President Yasser Arafat, a network source said on Friday.	2
3	Bush Aides, in Shift, Say Oil a Drag on Economy  President Bush #39;s economic advisers warned on) Sunday that high energy prices have become a drag on the US economy and not a threat to growth, chipping 	0
0	Summary: Two Portraits of America (AP)  AP - TWO AMERICAS: The presidential election showed two very different pictures of the nation as envisioned by supporters of President Bush and Democrat John Kerry,	0 1
3	Zero-down mortgage initiative by Bush is hit  President Bush's weekend campaign promise that he will push legislation allowing for no money down on some federally insured mortgages could cost taxpayers as much as  $500 million over four years because of a higher rate of defaults, according to the Congressional Budget Office.	0
3	Congress delivers 146-billion-dollar tax cut  WASHINGTON : Congress approved a 146-billion-dollar tax cut endorsed by both President George W. Bush and his rival John Kerry but criticized as a budget buster by some economists.	0 1
0	Leaders overlook Palestinian sentiment  American policymakers and statesmen believe the Middle East is better off without Yasser Arafat. Madeline Albright said Arafat  quot;was viewed as an obstacle to peace, both by the Israelis and 	2
0	Kerry Vows to Ease Seniors' Health Costs (AP)  AP - Sen. John Kerry trumpeted his health care program Tuesday as a recipe to bring down soaring medical costs, rejecting Republican contentions that a Democratic plan would mean a government takeover.	1
0	Unlimited Individual Recount Donations OK (AP)  AP - Presidential and congressional candidates can raise unlimited donations to finance recounts as President Bush and Al Gore did for their high-stakes Florida dispute in 2000.	0
0	New Bush administration may tilt in Beijing #39;s favor  US President George W. Bush, if he wins re-election in the Nov. 2 poll, is likely to tilt greatly in favor of Beijing over the issue of Taiwan.	0
0	Arafat #39;s condition deteriorating  Senior Palestinian officials, after consulting with doctors treating Yasser Arafat and visiting his hospital, said Tuesday his condition had deteriorated dramatically 	2
1	Bremer #39;s Leap Into the Greenbrier Patch  Former Iraq viceroy L. Paul Bremer, President Bush #39;s close pal, sure kicked up a bit of a fuss Monday when he talked about how  quot;we never had enough troops on the ground quot; to effectively occupy Iraq.	0
1	Presidential race still tight  The latest round of polls in the US election race shows the presidential candidates more or less tied, with Democratic hopeful John Kerry trailing Republican president George Bush by two or three percentage points, a gap still within a margin of error.	1
1	Blair grants US call to move 850 troops  LONDONPrime Minister Tony Blair #39;s government has taken the politically risky decision to send British troops to back up an expected US military assault on the Iraqi rebel stronghold of Falluja.	3
1	The end of an era  The death of Yasser Arafat brings the Middle East to the end of an era. Mr Arafat symbolised - for over four decades - the Palestinian people #39;s struggle for an independent homeland.	2
0	Sharon, Abbas Say They #39;re Willing to Meet  Description: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and leading Palestinian presidential candidate Mahmoud Abbas tell Newsweek they are willing to meet on the future of Israel #39;s disengagement from Gaza and the so-called  quot;road map quot; to peace in the region.	4
0	Blair to Urge Party Unity Under Iraq Cloud (Reuters)  Reuters - Tony Blair will urge his party on Tuesday to reunite for an election fight, seeking to heal rifts over Iraq even as two more British soldiers die in Basra and a hostage remains under threat of death.	3
0	Abbas Fails to Win Palestinian Militant Truce Pledge (Reuters)  Reuters - Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas failed at talks with militants on Wednesday to win a commitment to end attacks on Israelis in the run-up to Jan. 9 elections for a replacement to Yasser Arafat, political sources said.	2
0	Bush Defends Iraq Invasion Despite Report  WASHINGTON - President Bush and his vice president conceded Thursday in the clearest terms yet that Saddam Hussein had no weapons of mass destruction, even as they tried to shift the Iraq war debate to a new issue - whether the invasion was justified because Saddam was abusing a U.N. oil-for-food program...	0
0	As Gaza Pullout Vote Nears, Tension Among Israelis Rises  The Israeli security service has increased its protection of Prime Minister Ariel Sharon even in the corridors of Parliament, as he jokes that there is not a bulletproof vest large enough to fit him.	4
0	Source: Zoellick to Give Up U.S. Trade Post (Reuters)  Reuters - U.S. Trade Representative Robert Zoellick will give up his post even if President Bush wins the	0
0	Ex-premier Abbas pledges to follow in Arafat #39;s footsteps  Palestinian interim leader Mahmoud Abbas talks to journalists as he leaves a meeting of Fatah Central Committee in the West Bank town of Ramallah, November 22.	2
0	Britain denies political #39; deployment in Iraq  British Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s government yesterday rejected claims from opposition lawmakers that a redeployment of British troops in Iraq would be a political show of support for the administration of US President George W. Bush before presidential 	0 3
0	Bush's revised global tone  The president in his second term is reaching out to other nations, though reservations remain about groups like the UN. 	0
1	Hoon wavers on Black Watch Christmas return  Geoff Hoon, the Defence Secretary, appeared to back off last night from Tony Blair #39;s promise to Parliament that a Black Watch battle group being redeployed to help US Marines near Baghdad will be home by Christmas.	3
0	Far-right stoking civil war in Israel over Gaza, says Sharon  ISRAELI prime minister Ariel Sharon yesterday warned that far-right elements could push the country into a civil war if they continue with heated rhetoric in opposition to his plan for a unilateral withdrawal from the Gaza Strip.	4
0	Egypt Arrests Alleged Sinai Bombers  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon walks through the halls of his Jerusalem office to attend the weekly cabinet meeting, Sunday Oct. 24, 2004.	4
1	Bush picks Cuban for Commerce  WASHINGTON - President George W. Bush has nominated Kellogg chairman Carlos Gutierrez as commerce secretary, picking a Cuban refugee who rose to the top of the biggest US cereal maker as the chief advocate for American business.	0
0	Sharon Seeks Party Backing on Coalition, Gaza Plan   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  hopes to persuade his divided Likud party to back him on  Thursday in a vote on rebuilding the government, averting snap  elections and pushing through his Gaza withdrawal plan. In an  11th-hour challenge, Likud rebels opposed to ceding land to the  Palestinians filed a court petition against Sharon's bid to  bring the opposition Labour party into the coalition.	4
0	Britain Agrees to Move Troops Closer to Baghdad (Reuters)  Reuters - Britain agreed on Thursday to send troops to dangerous areas near Baghdad, a politically perilous step for Prime Minister Tony Blair who could face a sharp backlash if casualty rates start rising.	3
1	Bush to Arafat:  #39;God Bless His Soul. #39;  A Palestinian boy holds a poster of President Yasser Arafat during a rally supporting to Arafat in Gaza November 4, 2004. President Bush, reacting to disputed reports that Arafat was dead, said  #39;God bless 	0 2
3	Bush, Kerry spar over drug benefit  Republicans who led chants of  quot;flip-flop! quot; at the GOP convention in New York last week say they have new ammunition against presidential candidate John F. Kerry, who is on record as being both for and against a provision prohibiting Medicare from negotiating lower prices with drug companies.	1
0	Bush Says He's Proud of His National Guard Service (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush, accused by Democrats of joining the National Guard to avoid going to Vietnam and then shirking his duty, told a Guard convention on Tuesday he is proud of his service but did not address lingering questions about his record.	0
1	Justice wants Detroit terror convictions thrown out  Heralded as  #39;major victory against terror, #39; US government now says it made too many mistakes. In a move that the BBC reports could not be worse timing for President Bush as he goes in front of the nation Thursday 	0
0	World #39;s focus must be to support Africa, says Blair  During his visit to the Ethiopian capital Addis Ababa, Prime Minister Tony Blair has told the international community it must turn its attention towards Africa as the time for excuses is over.	3
1	Bush campaign lawyer resigns over ads  CRAWFORD, Texas - The latest political battle over a war that ended three decades ago moved to President Bush #39;s Crawford ranch Wednesday as former Georgia senator Max Cleland tried to deliver a letter demanding that Bush denounce an ad challenging 	0
0	Police hold anti-Bush protesters  New York police arrest 264 people protesting against President Bush ahead of next week's Republican Party Convention.	0
1	Ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat arrives in Paris for <b>...</b>  A French military jet carrying an ailing Yasser Arafat landed Friday at an airfield outside Paris, bringing the Palestinian leader for treatment of a mysterious illness.	2
1	Iraq Occupation, 2005  When Kerry talks about the US situation in Iraq now, his major difference with Bush is that he maintains he would do better at winning the support and participation of the international community.	0 1
0	Bush Announces Plan for Troop Realignment  CINCINNATI - President Bush on Monday announced plans to shift as many as 70,000 U.S. troops who are now stationed in Western Europe and Asia in one of the largest realignments since the end of the Cold War...	0
1	Bush View of Economy at Odds With Forecast  President Bush, third from right, and Secretary of Commerce, Don Evans, second from right, take part in a Economic Summit, Wednesday, Dec. 15, 2004, in Washington.	0
1	Kerry Camp Tries to Thwart Negative Swift Boat Ads  Description: As Sen. John Kerry defends his military record in Vietnam, a former swift boat officer, now a Chicago Tribune editor, supports Kerry #39;s version of events.	1
1	House OKs sweeping 9/11 intelligence bill  President Bush won a test of political wills against rebellious congressional Republicans Tuesday when the House passed legislation recommended by the Sept.	0
0	Sharon holds tense meeting with Jewish settlers (Updated 12:18 AM)  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon rebuffed angry Jewish settlers Sunday, rejecting out of hand their demand that he hold a national referendum on his plan to pull out of the Gaza Strip and dismantle two dozen Jewish settlements, settlers said.	4
0	Polls Suggest a Double-Digit Bush Lead  AKRON, Ohio - President Bush and John Kerry battled over the economy and jobs in a small corner of the campaign's most fiercely contested state Saturday as polls showed a post-convention surge for the Republican in the White House.    Late Saturday, Teresa Heinz Kerry, the wife of the Democratic presidential candidate, was taken to a hospital in Mason City, Iowa, after complaining of an upset stomach, a spokeswoman said...	0 1
1	Prime minister #39;s questions  Tony Blair kept looking behind him when being challenged over the decision to re-deploy UK troops in Iraq. Was he looking for cheers of support from his backbenchers, or watching for the knives spinning towards his back?	3
0	Arafat #39;s Absence Raises Issue of How to Cope  The Israeli cabinet and the Palestinian officials held separate gatherings on Sunday, but dealt with the same question: how to respond to the absence of Yasir Arafat, who 	2
0	Probe Under Way Into British Parliament Intrusion (Reuters)  Reuters - Britain launched an inquiry on Thursday into the first storming of its parliament since 1674 after a protest stunt revealed shambolic security at the heart of Prime Minister Tony Blair's government.	3
0	A mistake to belittle Arafat or his vision  For all his sly buffoonery - it was almost impossible to get him to answer a question properly - Yasser Arafat was a man with a vision.	2
1	Report: Israel to Let Arafat Get Treatment  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat attends a PLO executive committee meeting at his headquarters in the West Bank town of Ramallah in this Sunday, Aug. 22, 2004 file photo.	2
1	Debate #39;s focus will be at home  At a time of economic uncertainty and growing federal deficits, President Bush and John Kerry are expected to use their final debate tonight to portray each other as irresponsible fiscal stewards of the government.	0 1
1	Bush Campaign Drops 'Still the One' (AP)  AP - The Bush campaign abruptly stopped using the 1970's hit "Still the One" at campaign rallies Friday after the songwriter, no fan of the president, claimed the Republicans never got permission.	0
0	Poll: Youth Tie Bush, Draft Reinstatement (AP)  AP - In spite of denials by the Bush administration, half of young Americans believe President Bush wants to reinstate the military draft, a national poll suggests.	0
1	Arafat #39;s Health Deteriorates - Aides  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is in intensive care after his health suffered a setback at a French military hospital, Palestinian officials said.	2
0	Bush, Kerry Vow to Destroy Bin Laden After Tape (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush and his Democratic White House rival John Kerry united on Friday in a promise to hunt down Osama bin Laden after the al Qaeda leader released a new videotape threatening fresh attacks on the United States.	0 1
1	A Kerry mistake  WASHINGTON -- John Kerry clearly felt he was riding high in the final presidential debate last week at Tempe, Ariz., when he impulsively and inexplicably noted that Vice President Dick Cheney #39;s daughter Mary is a lesbian.	1
1	Lost in the Green Zone  President George W. Bush and his advisers like to say that sovereignty has been returned to the Iraqis. But the heart of the Iraqi capital, where the symbols of power are most concentrated, belongs to America.	0
0	Federal Deficit Surges to Record  $413B  WASHINGTON - The federal deficit surged to a record  $413 billion in 2004, the Treasury Department announced Thursday, injecting the figure into a presidential campaign in which the two parties have clashed over President Bush's management of the economy and the budget.    The number was a significant improvement from the shortfalls that analysts projected earlier this year, including a  $521 billion estimate the Bush administration made in February...	0
3	Bush shakes up US corporate taxes  President Bush signs a bill to settle a trade war with Europe, which awards some  $140bn in new tax breaks over 10 years.	0
1	Arafat #39;s death opens door to peace plan  Our position is: Yasser Arafat was a pioneer of terrorism whose legacy is an unstable and dangerous Middle East. Yasser Arafat, who died Wednesday in a hospital near Paris at age 75, was for decades an instigator and innovator of terrorism.	2
1	US welcomes EU plan to lift trade sanctions  US President George W. Bush #39;s administration welcomed Monday a European plan to lift US trade sanctions imposed over an illegal export tax break scheme.	0
0	Probe launched into parliament intrusion  Britain has launched an inquiry into the first storming of its parliament since 1674 after a protest stunt revealed shambolic security at the heart of Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s government.	3
0	GOP Wants Bush to Draw Attention Off Iraq  NEW YORK - Nervous Republicans are urging President Bush to unveil a robust second-term agenda at his convention next week to shift voters' focus from the unpopular war in Iraq and other issues that are a distraction to his re-election drive. Some contend the party should ditch the GOP-fueled controversy over rival John Kerry's combat record in Vietnam...	0 1
1	Delco pols: Clinton visit something special  com. Standing inside the ropes at the very front of the crowd that gathered to hear Bill Clinton and John Kerry speak Monday near Love Park, David Landau knew he was witnessing something special.	1
1	Bush unveils his new agenda  The president spells out his ideas and priorities for a second term, with many familiar themes. By BILL ADAIR, Times Staff Writer.	0
1	Now, it #39;s the law  WASHINGTON - President George W. Bush on Friday signed into law the largest overhaul of US intelligence-gathering in 50 years, hoping to improve the spy network that failed to prevent the Sept.	0
1	Arafat #39;s health deteriorating, reports say  RAMALLAH, WEST BANK - Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat performed predawn prayers on Thursday as a team of doctors will decide whether the ailing 75-year-old should be transferred to a hospital.	2
0	Blair offers no apologies on Iraq war  Brighton, England - Prime Minister Tony Blair said Tuesday he would not apologize for the Iraq war, as he linked the future of Iraq to Britain #39;s national security.	3
0	Israel #39;s Gaza pull outplan  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon might feel relieved at the support of his party members and largely his opponents in the parliament to the controversial Gaza pullout plan, but whether it means the end of violence in the region is a worry that will 	4
0	Israel Apologizes for Killing Egyptian Officers  The Israeli prime minister, Ariel Sharon, apologized to Egypt today after an Israeli army tank crew fired on an Egyptian patrol near the border with Gaza, killing three Egyptian police officers.	4
1	Bush Rivals Doubt If US Can Hold Fair Iraq Poll  Washington, Sept. 25 (NNN): In yet another row here over the Iraq issue, political opponents of the US government have questioned its ability to ensure that full elections are held in the troubled Gulf nation in January 2005.	0
0	Frist Urges Democrats to Stop Filibusters (AP)  AP - Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist on Thursday urged Democrats to stop blocking President Bush's federal court nominees and hinted that he may try to change Senate rules to thwart their delaying tactics.	0
1	BushMusharraf news conference  WASHINGTON Dec 05 : US President George W. Bush has told his Pakistani counterpart General Pervez Musharraf that Middle East peace is the top priority of his administration.	0
1	One of Bush Twins Will Teach Public School in D.C. (Reuters)  Reuters - Jenna Bush, one of President Bush's 22-year-old twin daughters, will teach at a public school in Washington.	0
1	 #39;DR. #39; EDWARDS #39; RX  TEMPE, Ariz. - John Edwards is claiming that if John Kerry wins the White House, paralyzed people like Christopher Reeve will get out of their wheelchairs 	1
1	UK Government Set to Pass Bill Banning Fox Hunting With Dogs  UK Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s government today will use fast-track rules to push a bill through the House of Commons that would ban fox hunting with hounds, a traditional pursuit in the British countryside.	3
3	Quick end to US election crucial  US President George W. Bush is on the verge of a re-election victory, but Democratic challenger John Kerry is not conceding defeat, at least not now.	0 1
0	Kerry Says Bush Plan Could Lead to Draft  There is a "great potential of a draft" to replenish U.S. forces in Iraq if President Bush wins a second term, Democratic challenger John Kerry said on a campaign stop in Iowa...	0 1
0	UK ministers hope to delay decision on troop redeployment  The all-out US assault on Fallujah is likely to be delayed until after the US presidential elections, but British Prime Minister Tony Blair may face a decision before then on whether UK troops will provide a support role in the US sector, British 	3
0	Blair Faces Protests as He Addresses Labor Party Conference  Protesters twice interrupted British Prime Minister Tony Blair Tuesday, as he delivered his keynote speech to a Labor Party conference.	3
0	GOP Portrays Bush As Strong Wartime Leader  NEW YORK - Republicans at their national convention portrayed President Bush as a strong wartime leader, adopting a platform endorsing his agenda and putting his and Vice President Dick Cheney's names in nomination for a second term.   "We will leave here with momentum that will carry us to victory in November," Republican National Committee Chairman Ed Gillespie said to a roar of approval as the convention got under way in Madison Square Garden...	0
0	Bush and Kerry Begin Debate Preparation (AP)  AP - Their first debate less than a week away, President Bush and Democrat John Kerry kept their public schedules clear on Saturday and began to focus on their prime-time showdown.	0 1
1	Hamas rockets hit Israel  of Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to evacuate Jewish settlements in the territory next year. One makeshift Qassam rocket hit a college campus in Sderot, lightly wounding a man, police said.	4
1	Blair Gets Tough With Sudan Government Over Darfur Crisis  British Prime Minister Tony Blair gave Sudan #39;s government a plan for dealing with the crisis in Darfur on Wednesday, during talks in Khartoum with top Sudanese officials.	3
0	Ex-Member of Kerry Legal Team Arraigned (AP)  AP - A former member of Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry's legal team pleaded innocent Tuesday to a charge of soliciting a prostitute.	1
1	Fatah secretary led Gaza attempt on Abbas  The group of armed men belonging to Fatah #39;s Al-Aqsa Martyrs #39; Brigades, who opened fire in the official mourning tent for Yasser Arafat in Gaza on Monday, is affiliated with Ahmed Hallas (Abu Mazher), Fatah secretary in Gaza.	2
1	WEEK/Pantagraph Poll Shows Kerry Leads In Illinois  There is no reason to believe Illinois will provide much drama on Election Night. The last News 25/Pantagraph poll of the campaign shows John Kerry comfortably ahead in his quest for Illinois electoral votes.	1
3	For the record  Correction: Because of a reporting error, an article in yesterday's Nation pages incorrectly described a Bush campaign ad's accusation about John Kerry's role on the Senate Intelligence Committee in the 1990s. The ad accuses Kerry of having missed three-quarters of the committee's public hearings.	1
0	Former President Bush Defends Son (AP)  AP - Former President Bush on Wednesday defended the Iraq war and swiped at Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry, saying most people are grateful that Saddam Hussein is out of power.	0 1
1	Peres: Israeli Extremists May Try to Kill Sharon  Opposition leader Shimon Peres said Tuesday he feared Israeli extremists might try to assassinate Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, the target of growing far-right fury over a planned withdrawal from Gaza next year.	4
1	Blair to Press Sudan Government on Darfur  LONDON Oct. 5, 2004 - Prime Minister Tony Blair will pressure Sudan to end the conflict in Darfur when he visits the capital Khartoum on Wednesday, the first leg of a three-day trip to Africa.	3
0	Israel's Sharon Vows to Fight Those Behind Bombings   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  said on Friday he and Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak had  agreed to "focus efforts and forces to fight terror," after  bombings at Egyptian resorts killed at least 31 people.	4
0	Palestinians Believe Arafat Was Poisoned: Poll  NABLUS, 22 November 2004 - More than 80 percent of Palestinians believe that veteran leader Yasser Arafat died as a result of poisoning and not from natural causes, a poll published yesterday revealed.	2
1	Kerry, Bush launch final week of campaigning, still in dead heat  WASHINGTON : US President George W. Bush and his Democratic challenger John Kerry entered a frenzied final week of campaigning, still locked in a dead heat in polls.	0 1
1	And Bush, Kerry trade jabs about war and rebuilding  WASINGTON (CBS.MW) - The outcome of this year #39;s neck-and-neck presidential campaign continues to be anybody #39;s guess as major political polls released Friday show very different leanings in the hotly contested race.	0 1
0	UK #39;s Blair Focuses Re-Election Bid on Security  Britain #39;s Tony Blair put tackling crime and terrorism at the heart of his re-election bid on Tuesday, drawing accusations of scaremongering like those leveled at his ally President Bush.	0 3
0	Bush Leads in One Poll, Tied in Another  WASHINGTON - President Bush has a double-digit lead in one new national poll, but he's tied with Democrat John Kerry in another. Both campaigns say their own polling has the race close, with Bush's people seeing a slight lead for the president...	0
0	GERMAN PAPERS Sharon #39;s Political Balancing Act  The collapse of Ariel Sharon #39;s government endangers the Israeli pullout from Gaza. Or does it? And what does Marwan Barghouti #39;s candidacy mean for the Palestinians #39; future?	4
0	Netanyahu Drops Resignation Threat  The Israeli finance minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, on Tuesday retracted a threat to resign unless Prime Minister Ariel Sharon set a date for a referendum on plans to withdraw settlers from the Gaza Strip.	4
0	US Sees Chance of Peace Hinging on Arafat Successor  US officials hope Yasser Arafat #39;s death on Thursday will offer a new chance for Middle East peace but said it depends on who replaces him, how much power they wield 	2
1	Sec #39;y: Bush flew in face of rules  President Bush was resented by his fellow flyboys in the Texas Air National Guard because  quot;he didn #39;t really have to go by the rules, quot; a former Guard staffer claimed yesterday.	0
0	Blair to return to work after successful surgery  LONDON -- Prime Minister Tony Blair arrived home yesterday after undergoing a successful operation to correct an irregular heartbeat.	3
0	Top Hamas militant assassinated  Israel killed the top bombmaker and rocket engineer of the Hamas militant group in an aerial drone strike in Gaza City. It came just days before a key parliamentary vote on Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Gaza pullout plan.	4
0	Hamas Signals Challenge to Unseat Arafat  RAMALLAH, West Bank - Palestinians marked the fourth anniversary of their uprising Tuesday amid signs that the extremist Hamas group is preparing a political challenge to Yasser Arafat despite a series of Israeli military blows at the movement's leadership.    Hamas published newspaper ads urging supporters to vote in upcoming municipal elections, saying "it's time for change." And a top Hamas leader indicated the group might try to unseat Arafat in presidential elections, which have not yet been scheduled...	2
0	Kerry: 'W' in Bush's Name Stands for Wrong (AP)  AP - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry unveiled a new tack against President Bush this week, arguing that the W. in George W. Bush stands for "wrong."	0 1
0	Bush Faces Busy January Calendar (AP)  AP - A packed calendar awaits President Bush after his vacation in Texas: filling a gaping hole in his Cabinet, preparing his inaugural and State of the Union speeches, finalizing a new budget, keeping close watch on the upcoming elections in Iraq and promoting his second-term agenda.	0
0	Poll: Voters Uneasy About Kerry in Crisis (AP)  AP - Voters are uneasy about Democrat John Kerry's ability to handle an international crisis and want to learn more about his plans for the future, a new poll found.	1
0	Arafat Seriously Ill but in Stable Condition  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat was said to be seriously ill but in stable condition Thursday as a team of international doctors prepared 	2
1	Elizabeth Edwards diagnosed with breast cancer  Elizabeth Edwards, wife of former Democratic vice presidential candidate John Edwards, was diagnosed with breast cancer the day her husband and Sen. John Kerry conceded the presidential race.	1
0	Sharon Faces Netanyahu Challenge Over Gaza Pullout   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  faced a surprise challenge on Monday to his plan to expedite a  pullout from Gaza when Benjamin Netanyahu, his main rival in  the Likud party, called for a referendum on the issue.	4
0	Blair can #39;t escape Iraq cloud at Labour meeting  The image of a British hostage in Iraq pleading for his life in a video released on Wednesday is certainly not helping Prime Minister Tony Blair efforts to escape the shadow of Iraq 	3
1	Arafat Makes Final Journey Home to West Bank  Thousands of Palestinians surged into Yasser Arafat #39;s battered West Bank compound on Friday to pay tumultuous homage to their late president at the end of his final journey home.	2
0	Blair tells Labour Party he won #39;t quit over Iraq  BRIGHTON, England - British Prime Minister Tony Blair stood firm as his Labour Party #39;s annual convention began, saying he hasn #39;t considered resigning over the war in Iraq, and trying to focus attention on domestic issues.	3
1	Schwarzenegger Could Make Columbus Visit  COLUMBUS, Ohio -- California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger may be headed to Columbus in support of President George W. Bush #39;s campaign, NBC 4 reported.	0
0	Sharon under pressure to hold referendum  The Israeli Prime Minister, Ariel Sharon, is facing growing pressure to call a referendum on his plan to withdraw Israeli troops and settlers from the Gaza Strip.	4
0	Bush, Kerry focus on Florida as polls indicate tied race (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush and his Democratic rival, John Kerry, were continuing their battle for votes in the key state of Florida as a series of new opinion polls indicated the race remained a virtual dead heat two weeks before polling day.	0 1
0	Bush, Kerry likely to square off on weapons of mass destruction (Chicago Tribune)  Chicago Tribune - Heading into a crucial debate Friday night, President Bush defended his decision to invade Iraq in the face of a government report that contradicted his main reasons for last year's invasion, while Sen. John Kerry said Bush may be leaving him with an Iraq as chaotic as Lebanon in the 1980s.	0 1
0	Poll: Possible Second War Worries Voters  WASHINGTON - Playing on the fear factor, Vice President Dick Cheney suggested in a campaign speech there might be another terrorist attack on the United States if John Kerry were in the White House.    President Bush's opponents' are raising their own worst fears, including the potential for more wars during a second Bush term...	0 1
1	Middle East peace dealt double blow  Tentative hopes for a revived peace process in the Israel-Palestinian conflict were shattered last night by the collapse of Ariel Sharon #39;s parliamentary majority and the prospect 	4
0	Bush Signs Storm Disaster Declarations (AP)  AP - President Bush signed disaster declarations Thursday to speed federal assistance to hurricane-battered states and is considering a visit to the region, his spokesman said.	0
0	Israel Battens Down Hatches for Volatile Gaza Vote (Reuters)  Reuters - Stringent security measures were being implemented for a parliamentary vote next week on a Gaza pullout plan expected to spark Jewish settler protests and heighten death threats against Israeli leader Ariel Sharon.	4
1	Convention pushes Bush ahead in polls  PRESIDENT George Bush secured a major bounce from his party convention, putting him in a commanding lead in the election race, according to a new poll.	0
0	GOP squandering power  Flush from their victories in this month #39;s elections, President Bush and Republicans in Congress must now show that they #39;re capable of governing.	0
1	Rather to leave CBS anchor job next year  Newscaster says flap over story on Bush #39;s National Guard service had no role in decision.  Early reporting career (1950-62): Worked for The Associated Press; United Press International; KSAM Radio in Huntsville 	0
1	Bush pledges safer world; Kerry accuses him of being unfit  President Bush pledged  quot;a safer world and a more hopeful America quot; as he accepted his party #39;s nomination for a second term and plunged into the final two months of his re-election campaign.	0 1
1	Sharon Optimistic About Peace Prospects While Violence Continues <b>...</b>  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has sounded a note of optimism about peace prospects in the coming year provided Palestinians stop violence against Israel.	4
1	Specter #39;s Warnings Receives Pro-family Backlash  Pro-family conservatives blasted Pennsylvania Arlen Specter for issuing what was taken as warnings to President Bush that nominations of pro-life justices to the Supreme Court would not make it pass him and the new Senate.	0
1	Kerry Envisions Terrorism As  #39;Just Another Nuisance #39;  Sen. John F. Kerry -- in an interview with Sunday #39;s New York Times Magazine -- said the Sept. 11 attacks  quot;didn #39;t change me much at all quot;; and said he hopes the country will return 	1
1	Election Day Dawns With Unpredictability  After the longest and costliest campaign on record, President Bush and challenger John F. Kerry remained deadlocked nationally and in key battleground states yesterday, with 	0
0	Bush and Kerry Trade Charges in Run-Up to Final Debate  President Bush said today that John Kerry cannot pay for his domestic proposals unless taxes are raised on the middle class.	0 1
0	Cabinet OKs Payment to Jewish Settlers  JERUSALEM - Senior Israeli Cabinet ministers Tuesday approved the payment of cash advances of up to about  $100,000 to Jewish settlers who will be removed from their homes under Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's plan to leave the Gaza Strip - the government's first concrete step toward withdrawal.    The 9-1 vote in the Security Cabinet gave a boost to Sharon, who faces growing opposition...	4
0	Bush Suggests Terror War Cannot Be Won  NASHUA, N.H. - President Bush ignited a Democratic inferno of criticism on Monday by suggesting the war on terrorism could not be won, forcing his aides to scramble to defend his remarks just as he had hoped to bask in convention accolades...	0
3	Social Security benefit cuts eyed  WASHINGTON -- President Bush, who has promised that his plan to allow private investment accounts in Social Security would give workers a  quot;better rate of return, quot; is seriously mulling a companion effort that could cut future promised retirement benefits for millions of workers by 6 percent, even when potential gains from private accounts are included, analysts said.	0
2	Schilling delivers for Bush on  #39;Good Morning America #39;  Within hours of his team winning the World Series, Curt Schilling shifted from pitching for the Red Sox to pitching for President Bush.	0
3	In corner, then oval, offices  Bizarrely, the presidential election hinges at the moment on how much action Democratic contender John Kerry saw while serving in Vietnam -- as opposed to President Bush #39;s defense of Texas and Alabama as a member of the National Guard.	0 1
1	Arafat #39;s cemetery prepared in Ramallah  The photo taken on Nov. 10 shows the site chosen as the cemetery for Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat in the southwest courtyard of his Muqata headquarters in the West Bank city of Ramallah.	2
0	Outcry over UK deaths  The nightmarish beginning to a controversial redeployment has rekindled criticism of Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s decision to shift the 850-strong Black Watch Regiment from the relative calm of Basra to Iraq #39;s deadliest area.	3
1	UN Ambassador John Danforth resigns  John Danforth, the US ambassador to the United Nations, will leave his post in January after less than seven months on the job. In a letter of resignation sent to President Bush on November 	0
2	Dave Bush slices through weak Yankees lineup in 7-0 Blue Jays win  TORONTO (CP) - Dave Bush capped his promising rookie season with a complete-game, two-hitter while Vernon Wells hit a two-run homer to lead the Toronto Blue Jays past the New York Yankees 7-0 Friday night.	0
1	Kerry, Clinton draw crowd  in his first public speech since his Sept. 6 open-heart surgery - launched a get-out-the vote drive for Democratic candidate John Kerry.	1
0	Bush Aides, in Shift, Say Oil a Drag on Economy (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush's economic advisers warned on) Sunday that high energy prices have become a drag on the U.S. economy and not a threat to growth, chipping away at Bush's upbeat election-year projections and increasing pressure on him to act.	0
0	Economic Models Predict Bush Election Win (Reuters)  Reuters - Despite an embarrassing failure in their forecasting four years ago, political scientists and economists are again predicting the outcome of the presidential election, and most foresee a win for President Bush.	0
0	Kerry, Bush Do Delicate Dance on Social Security (Reuters)  Reuters - It's been called the "third rail" of American politics -- a high-voltage issue that could fry any politician who dares touch it, like the power rail that kills subway riders foolish enough to stray onto the tracks.	0 1
0	Sharon Under New Pressure for Gaza Referendum   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon faced  growing pressure on Sunday for a referendum on his plan for an  Israeli withdrawal from the occupied Gaza Strip and political  sources said he had not ruled out the idea completely.	4
0	Middle-Class Tax Cuts Extension Approved  WASHINGTON - House-Senate negotiators late Wednesday approved extending three popular middle class tax cuts and Republicans, anxious to get the bill to President Bush, predicted swift passage in both chambers of Congress.    The conference panel approved the bill after overriding objections from Democrats who said the tax cuts should be paid for by tax increases in other areas, limiting its impact on the government soaring budget deficit...	0
1	Bush wants Annan to stay  US Ambassador to the United Nations John Danforth says the Bush administration has confidence in UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan and is not calling for his resignation.	0
0	Cabinet approves cash for uprooting settlers  JERUSALEM -- Israeli Cabinet ministers approved cash advances yesterday of up to  $115,050 to Jewish settlers willing to leave their homes in the Gaza Strip and West Bank -- the first concrete step toward carrying out Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's contentious pullout plan. In a sign of growing tensions, Israeli police said, Sharon and an official planning the withdrawal have ...	4
0	Tons of explosives gone missing: whose fault?  In a story headlined  quot;Bombshell for Bush, quot; The Independent calls news that nearly 380 tons of explosives went missing from an Iraqi weapons base after the war  quot;a massive pre-election embarrassment for the Bush administration.	0
0	Sharon invites Labor Party into coalition  JERUSALEM A spokesman for Israel #39;s Labor Party says Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon (ah-ree-EL #39; shah-ROHN #39;) is inviting his traditional rival into the government coalition.	4
1	More Moore in the Store  Documentary filmmaker Michael Moore releases  #39;Fahrenheit 9/11 #39; and other media in hopes of moving voters away from Bush before the election.	0
1	What #39;s on Bush #39;s agenda  As President George W. Bush celebrated his re-election with his campaign workers in Washington Wednesday, he also highlighted his second-term agenda:  quot;We #39;ll continue our economic progress.	0
0	Israeli NRP quits gov #39;t to protest pullout plan  The Israeli far-right National Religious Party (NRP) voted Monday night to quit the coalition in protest of Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s disengagement plan, localnewspaper Haaretz reported on its website.	4
0	Bush ahead in latest Time voter poll (AFP)  AFP - Republican President George W. Bush leads Democrat John Kerry by two point margin, according to a Time magazine poll out -- well within the poll's margin for error and similar to surveys released earlier.	0
0	Israel's Shas Party to Vote Against Gaza Pullout   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - The spiritual leader of Israel's  influential Shas party ordered its 11 lawmakers on Saturday to  vote against a Gaza Strip pullout but Prime Minister Ariel  Sharon was still expected to win parliamentary approval.	4
0	Peres Fears Possible Attack on Sharon  JERUSALEM - Opposition leader Shimon Peres said he is "very fearful" Jewish extremists may try to kill Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, as verbal attacks become more vociferous over a planned withdrawal from the Gaza Strip next year.    Senior army officials, meanwhile, said Tuesday they are concerned a significant number of soldiers will refuse to dismantle Jewish settlements during the withdrawal; several influential rabbis called on troops to disobey such orders...	4
0	Britain Nears Announcement on Iraq Troops (AP)  AP - Prime Minister Tony Blair and his Cabinet met Thursday to discuss a U.S. request for British troops to be moved into volatile central Iraq, a proposal that has met strong opposition within the governing Labour Party.	3
0	Arafat #39;s illness remains a mystery  A Palestinian envoy said doctors have ruled out leukemia for the time being. In a brief statement to reporters, the diplomat also said Arafat #39;s condition has improved since Friday.	2
0	Africans salute Yasser Arafat  African leaders have expressed their sadness at the death of the Palestinian leader, Yasser Arafat. South Africa #39;s President Thabo Mbeki said Mr Arafat #39;s life was defined by unflinching sacrifice for his cause.	2
0	Israel is expanding Gaza offensive  JERUSALEM Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Sunday that Israel was strengthening its military presence in the northern Gaza Strip and would keep troops in the territory until there was a halt to Palestinian rocket fire.	4
0	Kerry Campaign, DNC to Run Joint Ads (AP)  AP - Following the lead of President Bush's political team, John Kerry's presidential campaign will launch a new television ad Saturday that broadly refers to his party's agenda and gives him access to as much Democratic National Committee money as he wants.	0 1
0	Jet Crashes Before Picking Up Elder Bush  A private jet that was en route to Houston to pick up former President Bush clipped a light pole and crashed Monday as it approached Hobby Airport in thick fog, killing all three people aboard.	0
1	Composed Kerry builds momentum  ALTHOUGH both sides claimed victory, John Kerry again outpolled George W. Bush after a feisty clash over issues ranging from Iraq to abortion at a  quot;town hall quot; style presidential debate in St Louis.	0 1
0	US ambassador to Germany eyeing Rumsfeld's Pentagon job (AFP)  AFP - The US ambassador to Germany said he would  quot;seriously consider quot; replacing Donald Rumsfeld as US defense secretary if President George W. Bush won re-election next week and asked him to fill the post.	0
0	Candidates Resume Debate on the Stump  Bush and Kerry returned to the campaign trail Friday and resumed the intense dispute over the Iraq war and homeland security that dominated the first presidential debate Thursday night.	1
0	PM, Bush will look to deepen  #39;strategic partnership #39;  Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and American President George W Bush will discuss a wide range of bilateral and international issues, including the need for the world community 	0
0	Bush Marks 9/11 With Quiet Observances (AP)  AP - President Bush marked the "terrible events" of the Sept. 11 attacks with quiet observances of the third anniversary Saturday and a new call to arms against terrorists who might seek to harm the nation.	0
1	Bush Maintains Lead Over Kerry in CBS Poll  President Bush holds an 8-point lead over Democratic challenger Sen. John Kerry among registered voters in a new CBS poll, but one in four voters says next week #39;s debate could be decisive.	0 1
0	Kerry Said to Have Many Ties to Royalty (AP)  AP - Sen. John Kerry has blue blood from all the royal houses of Europe, with even more titled relations than President Bush, Burke's Peerage said Monday.	0 1
3	Deficits and Tax System Changes in Bush #39;s Second-Term Economy  Even as President Bush was celebrating his election victory on Wednesday, his Treasury Department provided an ominous reminder about the economic challenges ahead.	0
0	Bush's Father Foresaw Costs of Iraq War (AP)  AP - Not many people foresaw the postwar difficulties the administration has endured in Iraq. Of the few who did, two stand out, both lions of the Republican Party.	0
0	Bush Rhetoric Becoming More Aggressive  CRAWFORD, Texas - President Bush is launching a focus on Western battlegrounds with no sign that the biting rhetoric he has aimed at Democratic challenger John Kerry in recent days is as aggressive as it's going to get.    Bush spent one day off the campaign trail, relaxing on Sunday at his central Texas ranch and engaging in informal preparations for the final debate before Election Day - Wednesday in Tempe, Ariz...	0 1
1	Row over Arafat #39;s funeral, US stays out  Washington: The United States on Friday declined to join a row over the potential burial of ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, adding that his death would not change US policy on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.	2
0	Blair denies politics plays role in decisions on troops  LONDON -- Prime Minister Tony Blair said yesterday that British troops would only be redeployed to the more volatile, US-controlled sector of Iraq if it was militarily justified.	3
0	Kerry, Bush Clash Over Iraq and Allawi (AP)  AP - Clashing over Iraq, Sen. John Kerry said Friday that President Bush's policies made the war against terror harder to win and "let Osama bin Laden slip away." Bush chastised his Democratic rival for questioning the motives of Iraq's interim prime minister.	0 1
0	Israel Agrees to Free Jailed Palestinians  Israel agreed on Sunday to free up to 200 Palestinian prisoners to show goodwill after Egypt freed a convicted Israeli spy and ahead of elections for Yasser Arafat #39;s successor, officials said.	2
1	Abbas Candidate for Palestinian President - Fatah  The dominant Palestinian political faction Fatah on Monday named Mahmoud Abbas as its candidate to succeed the late Yasser Arafat in a presidential election scheduled for Jan. 9, officials said.	2
0	2004 Presidential Endorsements (AP)  AP - Newspaper endorsements in the 2004 presidential campaign between President Bush, a Republican, and Sen. John Kerry, a Democrat.	0 1
0	Bush Pledges to Defeat Global Terrorism (AP)  AP - President Bush marked the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks Saturday by warning of continued danger to the United States and pledging victory over international terror.	0
1	Bush, Kerry spar over Iraq, jobs, health care  Determined to use a week of troubling news for the White House to his advantage, Democratic presidential candidate John F. Kerry drilled into President Bush last night 	0 1
0	Egypt to Host Military Funeral for Arafat   CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt, where Yasser Arafat began his  political life and where biographers say he was born, will host  a military funeral for the Palestinian president on Friday  before he is buried in the West Bank, officials said.	2
1	Rock gets political to roll Bush  PhiladelphiaOver the span of his decades-long career, Bruce Springsteen concerts have had a comforting sameness in some very important respects: the thousands of adoring fans, the easy, between-songs conversational charm, the chants of his name, the 	0
1	Thousands give Arafat emotional farewell  asser Arafat was buried Friday to gunfire and mob devotion as his people stormed buildings and overran his walled compound in a frenzied send-off the guerrilla warrior wouldn #39;t have had any other way.	2
1	Kerry attacks Bush #39;s  #39;rose-tinted #39; Iraq  Democratic presidential challenger John Kerry has accused US President George Bush of not telling Americans the truth about how serious conditions are in Iraq.	0 1
0	Blair 'offered Brown euro deal'  Tony Blair offered to quit if Gordon Brown backed plans to join the euro, former minister Clare Short has said.	3
0	Combative Blair refuses to apologise for Iraq conflict  BRIGHTON : A combative Prime Minister Tony Blair refused to apologise for taking Britain into the Iraq war, as he rallied the Labour Party to unite and win a third straight term in a general election likely to take place in 2005.	3
1	Bush May Call for Major European Role in Post-Arafat Peace Effort  President Bush is expected to call on Europe to assume a key role in helping the new Palestinian leadership build and support institutions and prepare for negotiations 	0
0	Karzai vows to bring Afghan peace  Cheney and Rumsfeld are two of the most hawkish members of President George W. Bush #39;s cabinet and key architects of the. Washington-backed war that overthrew the Taliban in the wake of the 	0
0	Key debate ahead in US election  US President George W Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry are preparing for a key TV debate.	1
1	Sharon Rejects Settler Demands Over Gaza  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, flanked by Deputy Prime Minister Ehud Olmert, left, and Cabinet Secretary Yisrael Maimon, right, begins his weekly cabinet meeting, at his office, in Jerusalem, Sunday, Oct. 17, 2004.	4
0	Democrats Seek Probe of Anti-Kerry Broadcast (Reuters)  Reuters - The Democratic Party and 18 senators are seeking a pair of federal investigations into Sinclair Broadcast Group's plans to preempt network primetime programing on its 62 TV stations nationwide later this month to air a documentary critical of Sen. John Kerry's antiwar activities.	1
0	Bush and Kerry Trade Attacks in Their Second Presidential Debate  President Bush defended his decision to invade Iraq, while John Kerry said that Mr. Bush lacked the record to justify re-election.	0 1
0	Arafat 'Between Life and Death' -Palestinian Envoy   PARIS (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat is in a coma between life  and death, a senior Palestinian official said on Friday, and  some of the Palestinian president's powers have been  transferred to his prime minister.	2
1	Service record gaps now come back to haunt Bush  WASHINGTON - Now it is gaps in his service records that are beginning to dog US President George W. Bush in the US election campaign.	0
0	Gaza Violence Dents Hopes of Middle East Peace   GAZA (Reuters) - Israel struck back with missiles at Gaza  Strip militants Monday after five Israeli troops were killed in  a resurgence of violence that has dented hopes of peace after  Yasser Arafat's death.	2
1	Kerry Warns Middle Class Against Bush  Massachusetts Sen. John Kerry accused President Bush on Sunday of planning a surprise second-term attempt to privatize Social Security, and forecast a  quot;disaster for America #39;s middle 	0 1
0	Nobel prizes to be announced in October, Blair and Bush in the running (AFP)  AFP - The 2004 Nobel prizes will be announced between October 4 and 11, the Nobel Foundation said, with US president George W. Bush and British Prime Minister Tony Blair in the running for the prestigious Peace Prize.	0 3
0	Was Bush Wired? Ridiculous, Campaign Says  CHANHASSEN, Minn. - Campaign aides to President Bush on Saturday laughed off rampant Internet speculation about whether the president was wired to get help from advisers during his first debate with Sen...	0
1	Demonstrators Protest APEC Summit  Several thousand protesters marched through the streets of Santiago, Chile Friday to protest the APEC (Asia and Pacific Economic forum) meeting taking place there and, in particular, the visit by President Bush.	0
0	Bigleys brother pleads with Blair  PAUL Bigley, brother of the Iraqi hostage Ken, last night appealed to Tony Blair to  quot;pick up the bloody phone quot; to save his brother #39;s life.	3
1	GOP strives to pitch a bigger tent Protest vote: Diverse anti-Bush <b>...</b>  New York -- Tens of thousands of peaceful protesters, united by their loathing of President Bush and their opposition to the US-led war in Iraq, marched Sunday through the fortified streets of New York, just a day before Republicans convene to nominate 	0
0	Newsview: Gloves Come Off in VP Debate (AP)  AP - With cold efficiency, Vice President Dick Cheney sought to eviscerate the credibility of the Democratic presidential ticket Tuesday night  #151; delivering a tough and terse message without the smirks and verbal miscues that cluttered President Bush's debate performance five days ago.	0
1	Egypt Arrests Alleged Sinai Bombers  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon walks through the halls of his Jerusalem office to attend the weekly cabinet meeting, Sunday Oct. 24, 2004.	4
0	Mideast lull presents new chance for peace  It has been almost a month since Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s death and, as many had hoped, there are already some hopeful signs that his passing could lead to renewed peace initiatives between Israel and the Palestinians.	2
3	Edwards Hits Bush on Overtime Pay Rules  RACINE, Wis. Aug. 23, 2004 - John Edwards chose the almost evenly divided state of Wisconsin to tout the Democratic presidential ticket #39;s economic plans and criticize the Bush administration #39;s new rules for overtime pay.	0
0	Kerry to Appear on Letterman on Monday (AP)  AP - Sen. John Kerry will probably avoid the "Will it Float?" routine but might opt to deliver the "Top 10 List" when he appears on the "The Late Show with David Letterman" on Monday.	1
0	Sharon faces new rebellion  Israeli PM Ariel Sharon #39;s coalition faces possible collapse over a vote likely to force him to remake his government or call elections that would imperil his Gaza withdrawal plan.	4
0	Arafat's Health Saga--From Tragedy to High Drama (Reuters)  Reuters - Yasser Arafat's dying days have contained all the ingredients of a Hollywood drama -- tragedy, suspense, plot twists and even a touch of farce.	2
0	Britain #39;s Blair Faces Poll Amidst Iraq Hostage Crisis  The anguish of a British hostage in Iraq hangs over Prime Minister Tony Blair on Thursday as he faces the twin test of a local election and a debate by his Labour Party about the divisive war.	3
1	Former NY Police Commissioner Nominated to Replace Ridge  President Bush announced today the nomination of Bernie Kerik to succeed Tom Ridge as homeland security secretary. The former New York City police commissioner 	0
0	Sharon: Gaza Plan Only Way to Security  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon opened a stormy debate in parliament Monday with a passionate appeal to lawmakers to support his Gaza withdrawal plan - which has divided the country 	4
1	Bush links UN oil-for-food probe to US support  WASHINGTON (AFP) - President George W. Bush said that a  quot;full and fair and open quot; probe into the scandal-plagued UN oil-for-food scheme was critical if US taxpayers are to feel good about supporting the world body.	0
1	Bush, Kerry Sharpen Attacks on Each Other #39;s Anti-Terror Policies  President Bush and his Democratic Party challenger Senator John Kerry traded barbs Friday on terrorism and domestic issues. The criticisms are growing sharper with less than two weeks left in the presidential campaign.	0 1
1	Kerry accuses Bush of  #39;reckless mistakes #39;  NEW YORK -- Senator John F. Kerry yesterday sharply escalated his criticism of President Bush on Iraq, accusing him of  #39; #39;stubborn incompetence quot; and warning that if Bush is reelected,  #39; #39;he will repeat, somewhere else, the same reckless mistakes that have 	0 1
0	Kerry Criticizes President's Troop Plan  Senator John Kerry said that the plan to move 70,000 troops out of Europe and Asia was ill-advised in view of the North Korean nuclear threat.	1
3	Stocks Off Highs, Oil Jumps on Bush Win  US stocks advanced on Wednesday as President Bush won re-election, but slipped off the day #39;s highs after a surge in the price of oil.	0
0	Bush has been adroit at exploiting 9/11: Carter (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush  quot;has been adroit quot; at exploiting the suffering caused by the September 11 attacks, his predecessor Jimmy Carter said in an interview with the Guardian.	0
0	Bush, Kerry Exchange Bitter Words on Iraq  WASHINGTON - President Bush and Democratic rival John Kerry traded biting accusations over the war in Iraq on Monday as early Florida voting produced scattered complaints that stirred memories of the state's chaotic 2000 recount.    On a day of strikingly personal campaign rhetoric, Bush said his Democratic challenger stands for "protest and defeatism" in Iraq...	0 1
1	Comrade vouches for Kerry valor in Vietnam  NEW YORK The debate over John Kerry #39;s Vietnam War record showed no sign of abating Sunday as a member of Swift Boat Veterans for Truth, the group running advertisements attacking Kerry #39;s record, denied involvement with the Republican Party.	1
1	Kerry ahead in early results  Democratic candidate John Kerry overtook US President George W Bush in early projections of today election results, networks reported.	1
====================
1	Bush goal: Palestinian nation  President George W. Bush pledged Friday to spend some of the political capital from his re-election trying to secure a lasting Middle East peace, and he envisioned the establishment 	0
0	Sharon determined to go ahead with pullout  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon opened the debate on his disengagement plan in the Knesset (parliament) on Monday by telling lawmakers that his plan would  quot;strengthen 	4
0	Bush Defends Iraq Invasion Despite Report  WASHINGTON - Faced with a harshly critical new report, President Bush conceded Thursday that Iraq did not have the stockpiles of banned weapons he had warned of before the invasion last year, but insisted that "we were right to take action" against Saddam Hussein.   "America is safer today with Saddam Hussein in prison," Bush said in a surprise statement to reporters as he prepared to fly to Wisconsin...	0
0	Cheney warns terrorists may hit US if Kerry wins (AFP)  AFP - Vice President Dick Cheney said that the United States risked suffering another terrorist attack if voters make  quot;the wrong choice quot; in the November 2 presidential election.	1
0	Arafat repels lawmakers' challenge to his authority  RAMALLAH, West Bank -- Yasser Arafat fended off another challenge to his authority yesterday when Palestinian lawmakers backed away from sweeping demands for change, instead approving a watered down set of recommendations.	2
0	German Press Review: Dilemmas for Sharon and Scientists  The difficulties faced by Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon shared editorial space with the debate surrounding human cloning in the German press Friday. 	4
0	Hungary to pull troops from Iraq within 5 months  Hungary will withdraw its 300 troops from Iraq by the end of March, the country #39;s new prime minister said Wednesday. The announcement is a blow to President Bush #39;s efforts to hold 	0
1	US votes as terror threat looms large  DALLAS: The first presidential election since the United States plunged into its epochal war on terrorism was finally handed off to voters on Tuesday, President Bush declaring the  quot;safety and prosperity of America quot; is at stake and Democratic challenger 	0
1	Arabs must encourage Sharon #39;s metamorphosis, right now  Can a leopard change its spots? Apparently so, if Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s most recent performance regarding his country #39;s occupation of the Gaza Strip is anything to go by.	4
3	Job Growth Expected to Show Bounce-Back (Reuters)  Reuters - U.S. employment likely bounced back in August after disappointing gains in June and July, analysts said on Wednesday, offering some consolation to President Bush ahead of the November election.	0
1	Bush, Kerry Hit Crucial Midwest States  President Bush (website - news - bio) and Sen. John Kerry (website - news - bio) plan to start the day Friday in crucial Midwest swing states, then head to opposite sides of the US after 	0 1
0	Kerry Wins Fans Abroad with Global Warming Plan (Reuters)  Reuters - Democratic presidential hopeful John Kerry has won plaudits abroad for his promises to fight global warming but could find his hands tied at home if he wins next month's U.S. elections.	1
0	Sharon Defends Gaza Pullout Plan  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon inaugurated a new, tempestuous session of parliament on Monday by defending his plan to dismantle all Jewish settlements in the Gaza Strip and a few in the West Bank.	4
0	Democrats Claim Bush's Bounce Will Fade  WASHINGTON - Democrats on Sunday said President Bush's post-convention bounce was triggered by "four days of mean, vicious attacks" on John Kerry, and would be short-lived.    They vowed a nonstop, two-month offensive to make up for any lost ground...	0 1
0	Kerry Slams 'Wrong War in the Wrong Place'  WASHINGTON - Democrat John Kerry accused President Bush on Monday of sending U.S. troops to the "wrong war in the wrong place at the wrong time" and said he'd try to bring them all home in four years...	0 1
0	Kerry mounts furious counter-offensive on security (AFP)  AFP - Democrat John Kerry has mounted a furious counter-attack against George W. Bush on national security, seeking to regain momentum in their heated presidential race two weeks before polling day.	0 1
0	Kerik Named to Lead Homeland Security (AP)  AP - President Bush has chosen former New York police commissioner Bernard Kerik, who helped direct the emergency response to the Sept. 11 terrorist strikes against the Twin Towers, to lead the Homeland Security Department, charged with safeguarding Americans from future attack, administration officials said Thursday.	0
3	Weak US jobs data delivers blow for Bush  President Bush #39;s re-election hopes suffered a blow yesterday with news that the economy created just 96,000 new jobs in September, considerably fewer than expected.	0
1	World bids farewell to Arafat  Foreign dignitaries paid a last tribute to Yasser Arafat at a solemn funeral on Friday in Cairo, the city where the leader was born and fashioned as the founding father of Palestinian resistance.	2
0	Bitter legacy of a flawed leader  Plugged into the tubes and puffing ventilators of a life-support machine far from home, his vitality draining away, this was not the end that Yasser Arafat saw for himself.	2
1	Kerik nomination was needless fiasco  Those who failed to adequately check the background of Bernard B. Kerik, President Bush #39;s short-lived nominee to head the Department of Homeland Security, failed the president, the public and the nation #39;s security.	0
0	Bush Blasts Kerry, Signs Tax Bill in Iowa  CLIVE, Iowa - President Bush said Monday that rival John Kerry's foreign policy stands "are dangerous for world peace," leveling some of his harshest criticism of the campaign during a trip to an important battleground state. Bush also signed tax relief legislation for 94 million Americans and hit Kerry on that issue, too...	0 1
0	The politics of transition  After the emotional fury of Yasser Arafat #39;s funeral quiet has descended on the occupied territories as Palestinians step cautiously into an uncharted future.	2
0	US intelligence reform bill heads for final vote in the Senate (AFP)  AFP - After clearing the House of Representatives, landmark legislation to revamp the US intelligence network heads for an expected approval in the Senate before President George W. Bush signs it into law.	0
0	Bombshell for Bush: 350 tons of explosives go missing in Iraq  In a massive pre-election embarrassment for the Bush administration, nearly 350 tons of lethal explosives - which could be used to trigger nuclear weapons - have vanished from 	0
3	President Bush, in W. Va., pushes bid for flat tax  President Bush continued his call yesterday for a simpler tax system and aides said he is considering a flat tax, which have the same income-tax rate 	0
0	Blair to Have Heart Procedure, Will Serve 3rd Term   LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair said  he would go into hospital Friday for a procedure to correct  heart palpitations but vowed he will serve a full third term in  office if he wins an election expected next year.	3
1	PRESIDENTIAL LEADERSHIP  NEW YORK--President Bush may or may not get a  quot;bounce quot; out of his convention here this week, but one suspects John Kerry is grateful for a respite after weeks of pounding by Vietnam veterans 	0 1
0	Israel's Peres Urges Likud Hardliners to Back Coalition   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Labour Party chief Shimon Peres  appealed to hard-liners in Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's Likud  on Friday to drop their opposition to forging a unity coalition  seen as vital to keeping Israel's Gaza withdrawal on track.	4
1	Bush says Americans expect bipartisan effort and results  (Washington-AP) Nov. 6, 2004 - President Bush says he #39;ll work hard in the next four years to advance his political agenda while also reaching out to Democrats.	0
1	Bush, Kerry Bow to McCain Campaign Ad Requests  President Bush and his Democratic challenger, Senator John Kerry, have both bowed to requests from Arizona Senator John McCain regarding recent negative campaign ads.	0
1	In Party Speech, Blair Admits Political Cost of Iraq Mistakes  Prime Minister Tony Blair acknowledged today that there had been a decline of public trust in his government over the military campaign in Iraq and he offered 	3
0	Bush Welcomes Spain's King to Texas Ranch (AP)  AP - President Bush welcomed Spain's king, Juan Carlos, to his Texas ranch Wednesday with a show of warm feelings in marked contrast to the chill in relations toward the prime minister of Spain.	0
1	Top Bush Officials Clash Over Iraq Election  Iraq #39;s elections should be nationwide, a top Bush administration official said on Friday, clashing publicly with Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld #39;s suggestion that voting 	0
0	BRIT PM #39;S MIDEAST PEACE PUSH  JERUSALEM - British Prime Minister Tony Blair will meet the new Palestinian leadership in the West Bank next week in the highest-level diplomatic visit since Yasser Arafat #39;s death last month, officials said.	2 3
0	Bush manipulated NKorea intelligence like he did in Iraq: US expert (AFP)  AFP - The United States manipulated intelligence on North Korea's nuclear program in a similar fashion to its use of weapons of mass destruction to justify the war on Iraq, a US foreign policy expert said in an article.	0
1	Profile: Marwan Barghouti -- most competitive Palestinian <b>...</b>  Jailed Fatah leader Marwan Barghouti has decided to run for the Palestinian presidency as an independent candidate to replace late Yasser Arafat, one of his associates said Thursday.	2
0	Blair Rules Out Iraq Civilian Death Toll Probe  British Prime Minister Tony Blair rejected a call Wednesday for an independent inquiry into the civilian death toll in the US-led war in Iraq.	3
0	AP: Bush Stopped Attending Guard Drills (AP)  AP - Unearthed under legal pressure, three-decade-old documents portray President Bush as a capable and well-liked Air National Guard pilot who stopped flying and attending regular drills two-thirds of the way through his six-year commitment  #151; without consequence.	0
0	Middle East ; Hamas chief pours cold water on ceasefire talk  Until now we are still defending ourselves, defending our people, pushing the Israelis outside our territory.. Hamas is boycotting next months election to replace the late Yasser Arafat as president of the Palestinian Authority.	2
1	Kerry hits Bush on energy, Bush strikes back on terror war, as <b>...</b>  Bracing for their final debate, John Kerry accused President Bush of favoring  #39; #39;friends in the oil industry #39; #39; over consumers strapped 	0 1
0	Bush, Kerry Bow to McCain's Wishes on Ads  NEW YORK - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry bowed to the wishes of popular maverick John McCain on Thursday, as the president embraced the Republican senator's legal fight against big-money special interest groups airing negative ads and the Democratic nominee scrapped a commercial that featured McCain...	0 1
0	Kerry Says Bush Ignores Economic Troubles (AP)  AP - John Kerry on Saturday looked to frame the next presidential debate in a speech criticizing President Bush's economic record, but also tried to get in a final word about their last face-off by declaring himself the winner and Bush a liar.	0 1
1	Kerry, speaking at NYU, says Bush handling of war threatens <b>...</b>  Sen. John Kerry, who voted to give President Bush authority to invade Iraq, said Monday that no responsible commander in chief would have waged the war knowing that Saddam Hussein 	0 1
1	Embattled Blair pushes for third term  Here we are again .. my toughest week yet since the last one ... and before the next one, said the ever-embattled but resolute British Prime Minister Tony Blair at the start of a 	3
0	Gay Republican Group Won't Endorse Bush -NY Times (Reuters)  Reuters - Leaders of the largest group for gay men and lesbians in the Republican Party voted overwhelmingly against endorsing President Bush for re-election because he favors a constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriage, The New York Times said on Wednesday.	0
1	Arafat #39;s Condition Subject to Conflicting Reports  There were conflicting reports Thursday about the state of Yasser Arafat #39;s health. There was some speculation that he may have died, but the rumors were quickly denied by officials at the French 	2
1	Latin American leaders mourn death of Arafat  Latin American leaders on Thursday expressed their condolences over the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, who died earlier in the day at a French military hospital outside Paris.	2
1	Bush Now Saying  #39;We Will Win #39; Terror War  NASHVILLE, Tenn. Aug. 31, 2004 - President Bush will tell the nation #39;s largest veterans #39; group Tuesday that  quot;we will win quot; the war on terror, seeking to quell controversy and Democratic criticism of his remark 	0
0	Bush: Iraq to vote on time  Despite calls for a delay and the generally unstable situation, President Bush stands firm on the Jan. 30 date for elections. WASHINGTON - President Bush on Thursday flatly ruled out any delay in Iraqi elections scheduled for Jan.	0
1	Palestinians to Elect Arafat #39;s Successor on Jan. 9  Palestinians set Jan. 9 as the date for presidential elections to replace Yasser Arafat on Sunday as the United States hinted it may be ready to resume Middle East peacemaking shelved since 2000.	2
1	Bush advisor: election may be turning point for GOP  The man President Bush describes as the architect of his successful re-election campaign says this may be a turning point for the Republican Party, which has also expanded its majority in both houses of Congress.	0
1	Fatah favours Abbas as Palestinian president  RAMALLAH, WEST BANK - Fatah, the dominant Palestinian faction, has chosen Mahmoud Abbas as its candidate for president to replace Yasser Arafat.	2
0	A sense of loss, but dream of statehood endures  NEW YORK -- Wearing the traditional black-and-white checked headdress that Yasser Arafat had made his personal trademark, Linda Sarasour, a Palestinian-American who works in a part of Brooklyn with many Arab residents, yesterday described the controversial leader as ''our Martin Luther King. quot;	2
0	Kerry Takes Lead Over Bush in AP Poll  WASHINGTON - Democrat John Kerry has taken a slight lead over President Bush, according to an Associated Press poll that found him gaining ground with women, boosting his overall popularity and cutting into the president's advantage on national security.    The two candidates remain in a very close race ahead of a second debate Friday night in St...	0 1
0	Mofaz says Israel ready for Arafats burial in Gaza  Defense minister estimates his death would result in escalation. Palestinian source: Arafat likely suffering form liver disease, no change in his condition.	2
1	US stays out of Arafat funeral row  The United States on Friday refused to get involved in a row over ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s potential burial and said his death would not change US policy toward resolving the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.	2
1	Allawi Appeals to Europe for More Help  At their annual summit, European Union leaders also said they wanted to strengthen the 25-nation bloc #39;s relationship with the newly re-elected President Bush, which was deeply strained by the Iraq war.	0
0	Upper Midwest Crucial to Kerry's Hopes  LA CROSSE, Wis. - In 2000, political pundits summed up the race in three words: Florida, Florida, Florida...	1
3	What if a Sales Tax Were the Only Tax?  Does replacing personal income and payroll taxes with a national sales tax, an idea President Bush has shown interest in, help the U.S. tax system?	0
0	House GOP to Reject 9/11 Recommendation  WASHINGTON - House Republicans plan to follow President Bush's lead and reject the Sept. 11 commission's recommendation to strip the Pentagon of control over its spy shops in favor of a new national intelligence director with hiring, firing and spending control...	0
0	2004 Presidential Endorsements (AP)  AP - Newspaper endorsements for President Bush, a Republican, or Sen. John Kerry, a Democrat, in the 2004 presidential campaign.	0 1
0	Bush, Kerry Go on the Attack After Debate  ELYRIA, Ohio - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry, their animosity stirred by a contentious second debate, lit into each other over Iraq, jobs and debate performance on Saturday in critical battleground states...	0 1
0	Ailing Arafat Rushed to Paris Hospital  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, suffering from a serious but mystery illness, was flown to France and rushed to a military hospital for treatment Friday - ending 	2
0	Blair says no agreement in Northern Ireland talks (AFP)  AFP - Prime Minister Tony Blair said three days of last-ditch talks to revive Northern Ireland's peace process had ended without agreement.	3
0	Arafat Conscious, Days Needed for Diagnosis-Aide   CLAMART, France (Reuters) - Doctors will need "several  days" to diagnose Yasser Arafat's illness but the Palestinian  leader was conscious and in good shape when he arrived in  France on Friday, a Palestinian diplomat said.	2
1	Bush nominates Kellogg #39;s CEO for commerce  WASHINGTON - President Bush on Monday nominated Carlos Gutierrez, a native of Cuba and now the chief executive officer of Kellogg Co.	0
1	Bush the winner in Iowa  Although John Kerry conceded the race on Wednesday, the vote count continued in Iowa. With the number of absentee ballots counted by today, the number of outstanding votes was far too small to change the outcome of the election.	1
0	Bush Pulls Top Security Agent From Fracas  President Bush stepped into the middle of a confrontation and pulled his lead Secret Service agent away from Chilean security officials who barred his bodyguards from entering an elegant dinner for 21 world leaders Saturday night.	0
0	Lawyer for Bush Quits Over Links to Kerry's Foes  The quick resignation suggests that the Bush campaign, which has repeatedly said it has no ties to the Swift boat veterans group, is eager to put the issue behind it.	0 1
0	Gaza settlers challenge withdrawal plan  Israeli settlers opposed to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Gaza withdrawal plan have filed a lawsuit in the Supreme Court, saying the government #39;s offer of cash advances to settlers willing to leave their homes is illegal.	4
1	Furious Kerry Campaign Focuses on Bush Refusal to Denounce Ads  President Bush, in an interview published Friday, told the New York Times he does not believe Sen. John Kerry lied about his Vietnam military record.	0 1
0	Colombian Rebels Planned to Kill President Bush  <p></p><p> BOGOTA, Colombia (Reuters) - President Bush was targetedfor assassination by Colombia's biggest Marxist rebel groupthis week when he visited the Caribbean port city of Cartagena,a top Colombian official said on Saturday.</p>	0
1	A dishonorable diversion from important issues  Having George W. Bush question your military record must feel not unlike having Anna Nicole Smith question your intelligence. Surely, there is a weightless moment of disbelief, a struggle with a level of gall that just does not compute.	0
1	Bush refused order and failed to meet pilot standards, memos <b>...</b>  PRESIDENT George Bushs military record has come under fresh scrutiny, after new memos revealed he refused a direct order and failed to meet the standards expected of him during his time in the Texas air national guard.	0
0	Blair  #39;feeling fine #39; as he goes for heart op  Tony Blair was today admitted to Hammersmith Hospital for treatment on a recurring heart condition. The Prime Minister said he felt  quot;fine quot; as he left Downing Street for the London hospital.	3
1	Congress Agrees to Extend Popular Tax Cuts  The US Congress on Thursday agreed to extend popular tax cuts for children and married couples, giving President Bush an election-year victory on his core economic issue.	0
0	Israel says it will back Blair peace conference  By Anton La Guardia, Diplomatic Editor and Inigo Gilmore in Herzliya. Israel threw its weight yesterday behind Tony Blair #39;s plans to hold an international Middle East conference in London in February, but left 	3
1	Bush Leads Kerry in Washington Post Poll; Zogby Poll Shows Tie  President George W. Bush led John Kerry by 5 percentage points among likely voters in a Washington Post daily tracking poll. A Reuters/Zogby International poll taken during the same period showed the candidates about even.	0 1
0	Democracy Will Triumph in Iraq, Allawi, Bush say  President Bush and Iraqi interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi say democracy will prevail in Iraq and that free elections will take place as scheduled in January.	0
1	Kerry Takes Lead Over Bush in AP Poll  WASHINGTON Oct. 8, 2004 - Democrat John Kerry has taken a slight lead over President Bush, according to an Associated Press poll that found him gaining ground with women, boosting his overall popularity 	0 1
0	Rice Counsels Patience During Iraq War (AP)  AP - Defending President Bush's foreign policies, national security adviser Condoleezza Rice counseled Americans to be "less critical of every twist and turn" in Iraq.	0
0	Arafat #39;s Condition Improving, Aides Say  From his hospital bed, Yasser Arafat swiftly condemned a suicide bombing in Tel Aviv on Monday - a sign the ailing Palestinian leader wants to convey the impression he is still in charge despite deteriorating health.	2
0	Ariel Sharon Calls for Expansion of Army #39;s Gaza Raid  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Saturday that Israel should expand its massive raid of northern Gaza, the army #39;s biggest and deadliest offensive in more than four years of conflict with the Palestinians.	4
1	Blair: Iraq report shows sanctions weren #39;t working  British Prime Minister Tony Blair said Wednesday that a US arms inspector #39;s report on Iraq shows that United Nations sanctions against Saddam Hussein #39;s regime 	3
0	September 11 casts shadow over US presidential election (AFP)  AFP - The threat of a major terror attack looms large over the first US presidential election since the horrific September 11, 2001, attacks as US voters must choose in less than two months between President George W. Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry.	0 1
3	Housing chief says mortgage giants should meet low-income housing <b>...</b>  WASHINGTON -- Mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac should stop resisting the government and meet the targets set for them to finance loans for low-income and minority home buyers, President Bush #39;s housing secretary said Wednesday.	0
0	US pressure on North may sideline abductee resolution  US President George W. Bush is expected to increase pressure on North Korea over the Pyongyang nuclear threat in his second term -- something Japan does not want, experts say.	0
0	Israel Battens Down Hatches for Volatile Gaza Vote   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's parliament took  extraordinary security steps Wednesday for a vote next week on  a Gaza pullout plan expected to spark Jewish settler protests  and heighten death threats against Prime Minister Ariel Sharon.	4
0	New polls show presidential race tightening (AFP)  AFP - Fresh polls showed the bitter and volatile presidential race between George W. Bush and John Kerry back to a dead heat as the two candidates stepped up their war of words over Iraq.	0 1
1	Bush: Kerry  quot;fundamentally misunderstands quot; terror danger  President Bush said he sees fresh signs John Kerry  quot;fundamentally misunderstands quot; the war on terror. At a rally in New Mexico, the president jumped on a New York Times Magazine interview in which the Democrat 	0 1
1	Bush continues to polarize the nation  John Ashcroft, the gospel-singing son of a preacher, is leaving the White House. No longer will the most vocal champion of the Patriot Act be the attorney general of the Bush administration.	0
0	Analysis: Bush Facing Domestic Challenges (AP)  AP - From his domestic policy platter, President Bush chose to serve dessert before the main course. Having now won a second term, he may find it increasingly difficult to deliver on the meatier stuff, even with the political capital he is claiming and larger GOP majorities in the House and Senate.	0
1	Troops #39; activity in Iraq to increase: Blair  British Prime Minister Tony Blair has told MPs at Westminster that multinational forces in Iraq are about to enter a period of increased activity.	3
1	Bush Reaffirms US Missile Defense Plans  President Bush remains intent on deploying a multibillion-dollar shield as an  quot;important deterrent quot; against ballistic missile attack, the White House said on Thursday, a 	0
1	Newborn Twins Named Yasser and Arafat  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat flashes a  quot;victory quot; sign during a meeting with supporters at his office in the West Bank town of Ramallah, in this Feb. 12, 2002 file photo.	2
0	Palestinian Inquiry Probes Arafat's Death (AP)  AP - Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia ordered an inquiry Wednesday to determine the cause of death of former leader Yasser Arafat.	2
1	Bush said to have been specially treated during National Guard <b>...</b>  New-found documents suggest that US President George W. Bush received favorable treatment during his time in the National Guard, media reports said Thursday.	0
0	Kerry, Bush Start Debate Preparations  MADISON, Wis. - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry, arriving Sunday at a remote resort to practice for this week's debate, took a swing at President Bush for pronouncing the Iraqi mission accomplished while the monthly death toll mounts...	0 1
0	Senators Urge Bush to Change Iraq Stance (AP)  AP - Senators from both parties urged the Bush administration on Sunday to face the reality of the situation in Iraq and change its occupation policies.	0
0	Indonesian cleric goes on trial in Jakarta, denying involvement in terrorism (Canadian Press)  Canadian Press - JAKARTA, Indonesia (AP) - A Muslim cleric accused of heading the terror group blamed for the Bali bombings proclaimed his innocence as his trial opened Thursday, and said the charges were the work of U.S. President George W. Bush and "his slave," Australian Prime Minister John Howard.	0
0	Palestinians Hope to See Ailing Arafat Despite Row (Reuters)  Reuters - Senior Palestinian officials hope to see Yasser Arafat in a French hospital on Tuesday after traveling to Paris despite a war of words with the Palestinian president's wife.	2
1	Blair ally gets key job in Cabinet shake-up  LONDON - British Prime Minister Tony Blair has reshuffled his Cabinet, bringing back a key ally to lead Labour #39;s campaigning ahead of a general election, expected before the middle of next year.	3
0	Bush Tours Florida Hurricane Destruction (AP)  AP - Marine One flew low over destroyed homes, downed power lines and uprooted trees Sunday, giving President Bush a bird's eye view of the destruction caused by Hurricane Charley.	0
1	Excerpts from the presidential campaign trail  Excerpts of remarks Wednesday by President Bush in Mason City, Iowa, and Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry in Waterloo, Iowa, as transcribed by e-Media Millworks Inc.	0 1
1	Israel Considers New Coalition Government  The party of Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon votes Thursday, on forming a new coalition government to advance plans for an Israeli withdrawal from the Gaza Strip.	4
0	Iraq, Afghan Leaders Hailed in U.S., Threatened at Home   WASHINGTON (Reuters) - When President Bush meets Iraq and  Afghanistan's leaders this week, his re-election campaign will  tout their countries as foreign policy successes but analysts  point to the political fragility of these men.	0
1	Call him a liberal hawk  Polls show that most Canadians would prefer John Kerry to win the US presidential race. He is thought to be smarter and less warlike than George W. Bush.	0 1
0	U.S.: Hostage Tried to Escape Execution  BAGHDAD, Iraq - Kidnappers beheaded British hostage Kenneth Bigley after twice releasing videos in which he wept and pleaded with Prime Minister Tony Blair for his life. A U.S...	3
1	Bush, Kerry reach across party lines to attack on national <b>...</b>  President Bush and Sen. John Kerry accused each other of lacking the hard-nosed resolve of Cold War presidents -- from Democrat Truman to Republican Reagan -- reaching across party lines 	0 1
1	On election #39;s eve, poll finds 7-point lead for Kerry  SAN FRANCISCO A nonpartisan poll indicates Democrats are set for a big win in California next week. The Field Poll #39;s survey of likely voters found John Kerry with a comfortable, seven-point lead over President Bush, 49-percent to 42-percent.	0 1
1	President Bush Reacts to US Intelligence Reform Proposal  President Bush says he will consider all kinds of ideas to reform the nation #39;s intelligence community, including the sweeping plan put forward by a key senator.	0
1	Bitter legacy of a flawed leader  Plugged into the tubes and puffing ventilators of a life-support machine far from home, his vitality draining away, this was not the end that Yasser Arafat saw for himself.	2
0	Palestinian Prepare for New Elections (AP)  AP - Even while mourning the loss of Yasser Arafat, the Palestinian leadership ordered preparations for new presidential elections to start immediately and appealed to the United States to take an active role in securing a vote in 60 days.	2
1	Pa. #39;s electors to cast ballots for Kerry in a week  Reviving a bittersweet memory of the national election their party almost won, 21 of Pennsylvania #39;s staunchest Democrats next week will cast their electoral votes for vanquished presidential nominee John Kerry.	1
0	House Defeats Gay Marriage Ban Amendment  WASHINGTON - The Republican-controlled House emphatically defeated a constitutional amendment banning gay marriage Thursday, the latest in a string of conservative pet causes pushed to a vote by GOP leaders in the run-up to Election Day.    The vote was 227-186, far short of the two-thirds needed for approval on a measure that President Bush backed but the Senate had previously rejected...	0
1	Robertson Warned Bush About Iraq, Says  #39;God #39;s Blessing Is On Him #39;  Religious broadcaster and Christian Coalition founder Pat Robertson, who earlier this year predicted President George W. Bush would win the election in a  quot;blowout, quot; said on Tuesday that the 	0
1	Kerry, Bush Court Hispanic Vote  President Bush and Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry will both court the important Hispanic vote Wednesday, as opinion polls show the presidential race has again tightened.	0 1
1	Speeches will target record of Kerry in Senate, not war  Nearly 5,000 Republican delegates open their national convention Monday in a much brighter mood than would have been the case one month earlier.	1
0	Shrugging Off Mutiny, Sharon Rejects Gaza Referendum   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli leader Ariel Sharon rejected  calls from within his mutinous cabinet Wednesday for a  referendum on leaving Gaza after winning parliament's support  to uproot settlements from land claimed by Palestinians.	4
0	Blair faces heart operation  Prime Minister Tony Blair says he will go into hospital today to correct recurrent heart palpitations, but he vows to serve a full third term in office if he wins an election expected next year.	3
0	Kerry, Keeping Up Criticism of Bush, Lists Costs of Iraq War  John Kerry argued today that the president left a trail of broken promises on the path to war and has squandered billions.	1
0	Sharon Faces Netanyahu Threat to Resign Over Gaza   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Finance Minister Benjamin  Netanyahu said on Tuesday he and three other cabinet members  from Ariel Sharon's Likud would quit unless the prime minister  agreed to hold a referendum on a pullout from Gaza.	4
1	Kerry gets help from Bruce at OSU rally  Columbus- Like a salesman bringing in the boss to close the deal, Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry on Thursday night brought in  quot;The Boss quot; - rock  #39;n #39; roll star Bruce Springsteen - to kick off his final push to win the White House.	1
1	Blair to Undergo Heart Procedure  British Prime Minister Tony Blair will go to the hospital Friday for an operation to cure an irregular heart beat. Mr. Blair also has announced he intends to seek a full third consecutive term in office next 	3
1	PALESTINIAN ELECTION  #39;BY JAN. 9 #39;  As grieving Palestinians flocked to Yasser Arafat #39;s tomb to pay their last respects, his successors yesterday promised a swift election to replace him.	2
1	N.Y. Candidate Seeks Springsteen Boycott (AP)  AP - Upset with Bruce Springsteen's effort to oust President Bush from the White House, the New York Conservative Party's candidate for the U.S. Senate is launching a "Boycott the Boss" television commercial.	0
0	5 Israeli soldiers killed in Gaza tunnel blast  Five Israeli soldiers were killed and 10 wounded in an attack at an Israeli checkpoint on the Gaza-Egypt border, the worst such incident since the death of Yasser Arafat.	2
1	Sharon Wins Vote to Evacuate Settlers From Gaza Strip (Update2)  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon won parliamentary approval for a unilateral plan that for the first time will remove Jewish settlements from the Gaza Strip and West Bank.	4
0	Swarms Of Palestinians Honor Arafat As He #39;s Buried In Ramallah  Palestinians say they #39;ll honor Arafat #39;s request by burying him in Jerusalem in the future. A checkered head scarf arranged the way Arafat wore his is planted on a stick at the grave.	2
1	Former POWs Blame Kerry for Captivity (AP)  AP - Former U.S. prisoners of war who blamed their years of captivity in Vietnam on activists such as John Kerry are the only voices in a documentary that Sinclair Broadcasting has decided not to air in its entirety.	1
0	Witnesses: PLO chief unhurt in Gaza shooting  Palestine Liberation Organization chairman Mahmoud Abbas escaped injury on Sunday after masked gunmen opened fire near him inside a tent where people were mourning Yasser Arafat, witnesses said.	2
0	Arafat Relative Escapes Gaza Bomb Blast  A top Palestinian security leader who is a relative of Yasser Arafat escaped unharmed when a car bomb exploded near his convoy in Gaza City, the latest sign of growing chaos as Israels planned Gaza pullout nears.	2
1	Bush vs Kerry: Round One  The US presidential debate took place between President George W Bush and Senator John Kerry last week in Coral Gables, Florida. Anyone coming to the conclusion that President Bush had the upper hand, would 	0 1
1	Annual Physical Exam Finds Bush Is in  #39;Excellent #39; Health  President Bush has gained more than five pounds since his last medical checkup, in 2003, but his doctors declared after his annual physical exam on Saturday that 	0
1	Roots of terrorism  #39;ignored #39;  LONDON: Pakistan #39;s President Pervez Musharraf, in London for talks yesterday with British Prime Minister Tony Blair, said the world is  quot;absolutely quot; less safe because it is failing to tackle the core causes of terrorism.	3
0	Bush Plans to Cut Forces in Europe, Asia (AP)  AP - President Bush has decided to bring home tens of thousands of U.S. troops from posts around the world  #151; most of them in Europe and Asia  #151; plus 100,000 of their family members and support personnel, U.S. officials said Saturday.	0
0	Sharon Says Will Seek Coalition with Labor   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  said Thursday he would seek a coalition with Shimon Peres's  Labor Party and pledged to press ahead with a planned Gaza  pullout.	4
0	Bush Leads in One Poll, Tied in Another  WASHINGTON - President Bush has a double-digit lead in one new national poll, but he's tied with Democrat John Kerry in another. Both campaigns say their own polling has the race close, with Bush's people seeing a slight lead for the president...	0
1	Bush, Kerry Hammer Each Other in Swing States  President Bush and Democrat John Kerry kept up the offensive in swing states on Saturday as the presidential race remained deadlocked in the polls with 10 days to go until Election Day.	0 1
0	Presidential candidates look toward crucial debate (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush and his Democratic rival John Kerry scouted votes in key battleground states but were already looking ahead to their crucial televised debates starting in a week.	0 1
1	It #39;s the turnout, stupid  As President Bush and Sen. John Kerry speed toward the finish line in this neck-and-neck race, campaign strategists say victory comes down to the candidate with the strongest voter-turnout 	0 1
1	Bush #39;s Strategic Gamble Pays Off  President Bush #39;s campaign won re-election through the strategic gamble that there was more to gain from galvanizing conservatives and stressing moral issues than from reaching out to centrist voters.	0
1	Five Widows of 9/11 Attack Endorse Kerry  Pronouncing themselves frightened and distrustful of President Bush, five women whose husbands died in the Sept. 11 attacks in New York and a sixth who was injured 	0 1
0	Bush, Kerry Differ on Approach to North Korea   CORAL GABLES, Fla. (Reuters) - President Bush and his rival  Sen. John Kerry clashed on Thursday on how to end North Korea's  nuclear program, with Bush insisting only on six-way talks and  Kerry saying he would start bilateral discussions.	0 1
1	Arafat condemns Tel Aviv attack  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, hospitalized in Paris, condemned Monday a suicide bombing which killed three civilians and the bomber in Tel Aviv, his senior advisor Nabil Abu Rudeina said.	2
1	Campaigns take Kerry, Bush into too-close-to-call territory  President Bush and Sen. John Kerry stormed through the critical Midwest yesterday, stressing economic themes in a region hit hard by the recent recession.	0 1
1	Guard records stir Democrats  Democrats yesterday seized upon new documents about President George W. Bush #39;s Vietnam-era National Guard service to accuse Bush of shirking his duty and then deceiving the public about it.	0
1	Edwards #39;s wife told she has breast cancer  ELIZABETH EDWARDS, the wife of the Democrat vice-presidential candidate John Edwards, was given a diagnosis of breast cancer on Wednesday, the day her husband and John Kerry conceded the US election to President Bush.	0 1
0	Poll: Bush Allies Face Doubts on Terrorism (AP)  AP - President Bush isn't the only world leader facing doubts about his handling of the war on terror. People in Australia, Italy and Britain also harbor reservations about how well their nation's leaders are holding terrorists at bay.	0
0	Sharon tells cabinet ministers to halt criticism of Egypt  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon convened an emergency cabinet meeting in Jerusalem on Friday, in the aftermath of Thursday night #39;s bombings in Sinai in which 33 people were killed, and praised the cooperation between Israeli and Egyptian authorities in rescue 	4
0	Democrats Question Bush's Service, Costs of War (Reuters)  Reuters - Democrats raised new questions about President Bush's Vietnam-era National Guard service on Wednesday as White House hopeful John Kerry charged the Iraq war was draining resources from the U.S. economy at home.	0 1
0	Abbas ready to take up reins  Ramallah - Former prime minister Mahmud Abbas appears in pole position to grab the lion #39;s share of power from Yasser Arafat, taking temporary charge of the Palestine Liberation Organisation and the Palestinian leader #39;s Fatah faction during his enforced 	2
1	Sharon may offer state to Palestinians if they stop terror  Predicting a year of opportunity for peace talks, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon held out the prospect of an independent state for the Palestinians if they stop violence against Israel, but Palestinian officials dismissed the gesture as nothing new.	4
0	Kerry Urges Bush to Demand Attacks Stop  EAST HAMPTON, N.Y. - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry on Saturday night urged President Bush to "stand up and stop" what he called personal attacks on him over his combat record in Vietnam...	0 1
0	Bush defends foreign policy in Canada trip  President Bush yesterday said that despite public-opinion surveys showing that most Canadians oppose the US-led war in Iraq, Americans endorsed the Bush administration #39;s foreign policy when they re-elected him last month.	0
0	Profile: Reaction Of Israelis To The Death Of Yasser Arafat And <b>...</b>  Leaders and dignitaries from around the world are headed to Cairo for the funeral of Yasser Arafat. The Palestinian leader #39;s casket arrived there today on board a plane from Paris.	2
0	Europe Seeks New Accords With US to Address Global Warming  The European Union is seeking new agreements with the US to slow climate change apart from the Kyoto Protocol that President George W. Bush withdrew from.	0
0	Blair: Sudan must end violence in Darfur  LONDON -- Prime Minister Tony Blair said Monday the Sudanese government must end the violence in its western region of Darfur or face possible action by the United Nations.	3
1	No punches pulled  President Bush and Democrat John Kerry battled during their second debate Friday over whether the war in Iraq was justified in light of the report showing the country had no capability to produce weapons of mass destruction.	0 1
0	Bush regrets using the word 'crusade' in war on terror (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush expressed regret over using the word  quot;crusade quot; to describe the  quot;war on terror quot; he launched after the September 11 attacks by Al-Qaeda.	0
0	Israel's Sharon Lines Up Support for Likud Vote   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  marshalled support on Wednesday for a Likud party vote to bring  the Labour Party into government, a move that would avoid snap  elections and pave the way for a Gaza withdrawal next year.	4
1	Israel Kills 14 in Gaza Before Key Withdrawal Vote  Israeli troops killed 14 Palestinians in a Gaza refugee camp Monday as parliament prepared, under tight security, to debate Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to withdraw from the occupied territory.	4
0	Palestinians request French medical report on Arafat #39;s death  Palestinian leaders said Monday they had asked for a full report on Yasser Arafat #39;s death in a Paris hospital last week, challenging French laws under which his widow has maintained a veil of secrecy.	2
0	Bush Lead Over Kerry Narrows to Tie - Newsweek (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush and Democratic nominee John Kerry are locked in a dead heat in the countdown to the Nov. 2 election, according to the latest Newsweek magazine poll released on Saturday.	0 1
1	Blige joins anti-Bush song remake  Mary J Blige, Missy Elliot and Eve unite to record a song to encourage voters away from President Bush.	0
1	Write To The Point  One way of looking at Dan Rather #39;s announcement that he will step down as CBS News anchor is that the network allowed him a semi-graceful way out after his botched story about President Bush #39;s military record in September.	0
1	Triumphant Bush extends hand to Kerry #39;s supporters  President Bush basked in the victory of his bid for a second stint in the White House on Wednesday, but struck a conciliatory tone by telling Americans that  quot;a new term is a new opportunity to reach out to the whole nation.	0 1
0	Party Critics Urge Blair to Stand Up to Bush   BRIGHTON, England -- Timothy Garton Ash, an international relations expert at Oxford University, drew rueful chuckles the other day at a panel discussion here when he dubbed Prime Minister Tony Blair's approach to the Bush administration "the inimitable Jeeves school of foreign policy."	3
0	Fight Over Kerry's War Record Escalates (AP)  AP - John Kerry's Vietnam War service records run to multiple medal commendations and a notation of "conspicuous gallantry" in combat. President Bush's file tracks the stateside career of a National Guard test pilot.	0 1
0	Arafat #39;s Nephew Will Obtain Medical Records  The mystery of what killed Yasser Arafat may soon be solved. A Palestinian official says an envoy will head to Paris Friday to obtain Arafat #39;s medical records.	2
0	Blair Sets Stage for Election Battle on Security (Reuters)  Reuters - British Prime Minister Tony Blair sets the stage Tuesday for an election battle over crime and tackling terrorism when he outlines his legislative plans for the next parliamentary session ahead of a vote expected in May.	3
0	Scowcroft calls war 'failing venture'  WASHINGTON -- The national security adviser under the first President Bush said the current president acted contemptuously toward NATO and Europe after the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, and is trying to cooperate now out of desperation to  quot;rescue a failing venture quot; in Iraq and Afghanistan.	0
0	Bush, Kerry Shift Themes to Economy  ORLANDO, Fla. - President Bush and John Kerry, shifting away from the sharp debate over war and terrorism, return to bread-and-butter economic issues in campaign stops in two closely divided states...	0 1
3	Crude oil prices climb  Crude oil climbed more than  $1 in New York on the re-election of President George W. Bush, who has been filling the US Strategic Petroleum Reserve.	0
0	Bush to thank Canadians for post-9/11 aid  President Bush was traveling to Nova Scotia on Wednesday to give the Canadians a belated  quot;thank you quot; for helping Americans in their hour of need - gesture aimed 	0
0	Bush regains upper hand as Kerry absorbs shots over Vietnam record (AFP)  AFP - Just days ahead of the Republican National Convention, President George W. Bush appears to have gained the upper hand over Democratic rival John Kerry, who has been forced onto the defensive over his Vietnam War record.	0 1
0	Arafat not brain dead: Spokeswoman  Yasser Arafat is in a coma but is not brain dead, his spokeswoman said today, acknowledging the ailing Palestinian leader was between life and death.	2
0	Bush to cut forces in Europe, Asia  WASHINGTON -- President Bush will announce tomorrow that he plans to pull 70,000 to 100,000 troops out of Europe and Asia in the first major reconfiguration of overseas military deployments by the United States since the Cold War ended, according to White House officials.	0
0	Kerry's wife paid 798,820 dollars in state, federal taxes in 2003 (AFP)  AFP - Teresa Heinz Kerry, wife of Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry, declared 2,291,137 dollars in gross taxable income in 2003 and paid 798,820 dollars in state and federal taxes, or about 35 percent, her office said in a statement.	1
1	Bush hijacks summit with  #39;end nuclear plans #39; call  ON HIS first foreign trip since his re-election, President Bush started to spend what he calls his new capital by demanding that North Korea and Iran halt their nuclear arms programmes.	0
0	Ahern and Blair hope to revitalise NI process  Bertie Ahern and Tony Blair meet today to try to find a way of breathing new life into the faltering efforts to restore devolution to Northern Ireland.	3
1	Bush seeks allied help in dealing with Iran, North Korea  SANTIAGO, Chile - President Bush used his first trip abroad since re-election to press allies Saturday for help in hemming in the nuclear ambitions of North Korea and Iran, nations he considers part of an  quot;axis of evil quot; threatening global security.	0
1	Bush Unlikely to Fulfill Vow on Deficit, Budget Office Projects  Almost regardless of what happens in Iraq and Afghanistan, President Bush is very unlikely to fulfill his promise of reducing the federal budget deficit by half 	0
0	Sharon Allows 1,000 More Settler Homes in West Bank  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon approved tenders to build 1,000 more Israeli settler homes in the occupied West Bank, plans that were shelved earlier to avoid discord with Washington, political sources said Tuesday. 	4
1	Bush win: Boon or bane for Blair?  Prime Minister Tony Blair congratulated US President George W. Bush on his re-election, pledging to work with him in the war on terrorism and to revitalize the Middle East peace process.	0 3
1	Bush reserved about Arafat #39;s death  President Bush moved cautiously Thursday into the post-Yasser Arafat era of Middle East diplomacy, dispatching a modest delegation to the Palestinian leader #39;s funeral and giving 	0 2
0	Abbas Fails to Win Palestinian Militant Truce Pledge   GAZA (Reuters) - Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas failed at  talks with militants on Wednesday to win a commitment to end  attacks on Israelis in the run-up to Jan. 9 elections for a  replacement to Yasser Arafat, political sources said.	2
1	Bush Asks Democrats for Their Vote  President Bush took the last bus tour of his campaign on Tuesday through rural stretches of Wisconsin, urging Democrats to split with their party and rely on him to save their farms and keep the country secure.	0
0	Kerry Campaign Keeping Eye on Ohio Cases (AP)  AP - John Kerry's campaign has joined a lawsuit by third-party presidential candidates seeking a recount in Ohio. A lawyer for the campaign said Thursday the campaign does not question the Democrat's loss but wants any counting to take place statewide.	1
1	Disturbed by WMD questions, former Bush backer leans toward Kerry  Once a staunch supporter of President Bush, Wilma Tabisz says revelations about the absence of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq caused her to reconsider.	0 1
0	Blair win would endorse war: PM  THE re-election of British Prime Minister Tony Blair would be seen as an endorsement of the military action in Iraq, Prime Minister John Howard said today.	3
1	Attacks sharpen as race winds down  With a week to go until the election, Democratic presidential nominee Sen. John Kerry accused President Bush yesterday of hiding embarrassments in Iraq 	0 1
0	Ken Bigley is alive says brother  The brother of Ken Bigley has said he has new information the British hostage in Iraq is alive and appealed to Tony Blair to keep him that way.	3
0	Kerry Promotes Expanded Stem Cell Research  HAMPTON, N.H. - John Kerry on Monday accused President Bush of restricting potentially lifesaving stem cell research because of "extreme right-wing ideology" and underscored his own strong support for research that polls show has widespread backing...	0 1
0	Sharon government faces crisis after double blow in Israeli <b>...</b>  JERUSALEM : Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon faced a fresh political crisis after the secular Shinui party threatened to quit the ruling coalition and he suffered two symbolic defeats at the hands of parliament.	4
0	Dealings With Putin Discussed   The political crisis in Ukraine has touched off a fresh debate inside the White House and foreign policy offices over how President Bush should handle Russian President Vladimir Putin's increasingly authoritarian rule at home and assertive presence abroad, according to administration officials.	0
1	Bush #39;s agenda may face hurdles  WASHINGTON -- From a pending invasion of Fallujah to a proposed overhaul of Social Security, President Bush came out blazing immediately after his victory last week with plans for forceful policy strokes at home and abroad -- suggesting he will waste 	0
1	Bush gave terrorists more weapons than Saddam ever would have...  (OfficialWire) -- 10/30/04 -- New evidence emerged in the United States on Friday that appears to contradict claims by George W. Bush and his administration that 	0
3	Speculation Grows on Early Exit by Snow (Reuters)  Reuters - Expectations that U.S. Treasury Secretary John Snow would survive President Bush's Cabinet make-over for at least six months are rapidly yielding to a belief he may make a hastier exit, people close to the Bush administration said on Thursday.	0
0	Kerry, Bush Start Debate Preparations  MADISON, Wis. - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry, arriving Sunday at a remote resort to practice for this week's debate, took a swing at President Bush for pronouncing the Iraqi mission accomplished while the monthly death toll mounts...	0 1
0	S. Korea Urges US To Push for Arms Talks  SEOUL, Nov 6 -- South Korean President Roh Moo Hyun telephoned President Bush to propose that solving the nuclear crisis involving North Korea be a priority for Bush #39;s second term in office.	0
1	Bush, Kerry Begin Last Day of Campaigning  President Bush, left, waves to supporters along side first lady Laura Bush, right, upon arriving at the Florida Victory 2004 rally on Sunday, Oct. 31, 2004, in Tampa, Fla.	0
1	President #39;s campaign uses optimism to attract  At a small baseball eld in a town where the unemployment roll has added 1,200 names during his time in ofce, President Bush stood in 	0
0	Mystery Lingers: Whereabouts of His Hidden Fortune  Yasir Arafat personally controlled several billion dollars for the Palestinian movement, and no one else knows where it all is.	2
1	Who #39;s really ahead in race for White House?  George W. Bush has either established a commanding lead over John Kerry or he has lost most of the momentum generated by his party #39;s convention and fallen back into a tie with his Democratic rival.	0 1
0	Sharon, Peres seek common ground on coalition govt  Labor Party Chairman Shimon Peresand Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon have agreed in principlethat if a national unity government is formed, it will last till November 2006 	4
1	Edwards makes case for De Xx  MARIETTA, Ohio - John Edwards yesterday offered a spirited closing argument on why voters should elect John Kerry Tuesday, but he opened with a message for Osama bin Laden.	1
0	Blair and Chirac stress the positive  The Entente has certainly never looked more Cordiale than it did at the joint press conference between Jacques Chirac and Tony Blair.	3
0	Bush says Kerry was 'more heroic'  George W Bush says his rival for the presidency, John Kerry, was the "more heroic" for having served in Vietnam.	0 1
1	Bush author says White House applying pressure over book (AFP)  AFP - Writer Kitty Kelley has accused the White House of putting pressure on her and the US media over the new biography on the family of President George W. Bush	0
0	'Moment of decision' has come for Northern Ireland peace: Blair (AFP)  AFP - British Prime Minister Tony Blair said the  quot;moment of decision quot; had come for Northern Ireland's Catholic and Protestant leaders to break two years of deadlock and secure a lasting peace.	3
1	Bush, Allawi express optimism about Iraq  President Bush and visiting Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi on Thursday repudiated critics of their plans for Iraq and insisted that progress is being made toward establishing democratic rule in the embattled country.	0
0	Kerry Said to Discontinue Terror Alerts (AP)  AP - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry says he would discontinue the color-coded terror alerts issued by the Department of Homeland Security and find "some more thoughtful way of alerting America," according to an interview in Rolling Stone magazine.	1
0	Arafat #39;s West Bank headquarters being cleaned up to prepare for <b>...</b>  Bulldozers and earthmovers pushed aside rubble and hauled away piles of wrecked cars Wednesday to prepare Yasser Arafat #39;s battered West Bank compound for his burial.	2
1	End of the Arafat era  A DETAILED plan to revitalise the Middle East peace process will be agreed today as Tony Blair and George Bush attempt to exploit the opportunity presented by Yassir Arafats death.	2 3
1	Bush wins Iowa  DES MOINES, IOWA - US President George W. Bush won the state of Iowa on Friday, three days after the polls closed on November 2. His belated Midwestern victory gave Bush 286 electoral college votes, against 	0
0	Third Presidential Debate a TV Rerun (AP)  AP - George Bush avoided scowling and John Kerry managed to crack a few more smiles. But if the candidates had learned to improve their performance by the third presidential debate Wednesday, viewers got another lesson: This final showdown was mostly a recycled version of what they'd heard before.	1
1	Get 50 Commission Free Trades  The first of three scheduled head-to-head match-ups between President Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry will focus solely on foreign policy issues.	0 1
1	Police check  #39;curse #39; on Sharon  ISRAELI police have begun investigating several death threats made against Prime Minister Ariel Sharon in recent days over his plan to evacuate Jewish settlements from the Gaza Strip.	4
0	Gaza Settlement Evacuation Plan Sped Up (AP)  AP - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon wants all 21 Jewish settlements in the Gaza Strip evacuated at the same time instead of in three stages, officials said Monday, reflecting a major shift in tactics in his pullout plan.	4
1	Blair op sparks row in his party  British Prime Minister Tony Blair was recovering Saturday after successfully undergoing treatment to correct an irregular heartbeat -- but speculation about who will succeed him raged in his party.	3
0	Kerry Links Iraq War Cost, Domestic Woes (AP)  AP - Democrat John Kerry links the cost of the Iraq war to problems at home and vows in a new television ad to both "defend America and fight for the middle class."	1
0	Bush and Kerry Try to Win Over Iowa and Its 7 Electoral Votes  John Kerry said the war in Iraq showed that President Bush is not a good leader; Bush doubted Kerry's views on national security.	0 1
0	Palestinians Set Jan. 9 For Vote  Palestinian officials scheduled presidential elections for Jan. 9, 2005, pushing forward with steps to a secure a new leader following the death of Yasser Arafat.	2
3	Test Failure Sets Back US Missile Defense Plan  President Bush #39;s drive to deploy a multibillion-dollar shield against ballistic missiles was set back on Wednesday by what critics called a stunning failure of its first full flight test in two years.	0
0	Bush Job Plan Features Tax Cuts, Drilling (AP)  AP - Hiring is picking up and President Bush is on track to preside over job growth in his second term, shedding the Herbert Hoover label of being the first president since the Great Depression to lose jobs under his watch. But don't expect a revival of the booming 1990s.	0
1	Phoenix gone, but glimmer of hope remains  A reporter once asked Yasser Arafat: Sir, you have survived many close brushes with death. What #39;s your secret? #39; #39; The Palestinian leader answered there was no secret, except for his uncanny instinct for sensing imminent danger.	2
1	Justification for war in Iraq and WMD  President George W. Bush:  quot;We all thought there was weapons there, Robin. My opponent thought there was weapons there. That #39;s why he called him a grave threat.	0
0	'Sabado Gigante' Interviews Bush, Kerry (AP)  AP - President Bush and his Democratic rival, John Kerry, both gave interviews to the Spanish-language network Univision that will appear on the popular Saturday night variety show "Sabado Gigante."	0 1
0	From Behind the Scenes, Rice on Stage  Administration officials said President Bush might name Condoleezza Rice as secretary of state as early as Tuesday.	0
1	Bush nominates Kerik for Homeland Security  President Bush on Friday nominated Bernard Kerik to lead the Department of Homeland Security, his latest move to restock his Cabinet for the second term.	0
0	Q A: What follows Arafat?  The BBC News website looks at the key questions arising from the death of Yasser Arafat, the leader of the Palestinian cause for more than 40 years.	2
1	Kerry, Bush begin presidential campaign blitz  The two presidential candidates Florida blitz continued Sunday, with Democrat John Kerry returning to the state less than 24 hours after Republican George Bush departed.	0 1
0	Life after Yasser Arafat uncertain  For all the questions raised by last weeks death of Yasser Arafat, one thing is certain: The debate over his legacy is likely to be as polarizing as the conflict that consumed his life.	2
0	Bush Campaign Adviser on Catholics Quits (AP)  AP - The publisher of a conservative Catholic journal and leader of GOP efforts to reach out to Catholics says he's resigning as a Bush campaign adviser because of what he called "personal attacks" over allegations involving an episode with a female student years ago.	0
0	Defiant Bush demands UN do more to help Iraq  UNITED NATIONS : US President George W. Bush defiantly told the United Nations that the war in Iraq was justified and demanded more UN action to help end the deadly chaos that has followed the US-led invasion.	0
1	CBS 'sorry' for Arafat newsflash  CBS apologises for interrupting crime drama CSI: NY for a newsflash announcing Yasser Arafat's death.	2
1	Poll shows US voters split  With the clock quickly ticking down to the US presidential election, President George W. Bush and Democratic candidate John Kerry are neck and neck in the polls.	0 1
1	Bush attacks Kerry #39;s health plan, malpractice suits  President Bush told supporters in Pennsylvania Thursday that he would work to reduce the cost of health care if elected to a second term.	0 1
0	Kerry Espouses Multitasking in a President (AP)  AP - Democrat John Kerry has taken to summarizing the presidential fight with a line that's both a dig at his opponent and an appeal to undecided voters.	1
1	Arafat Said to Have Liver Failure; PM to Visit  Yasser Arafat, critically ill in a Paris hospital, has suffered liver failure, a Palestinian official said on Sunday as Arafat #39;s subordinates decided in his absence to enforce a law and order plan in Palestinian areas.	2
0	Israel Ends Deadly Gaza Offensive  JEBALIYA REFUGEE CAMP, Gaza Strip - Israel withdrew tanks and ground forces from populated areas in the northern Gaza Strip on Friday, wrapping up its bloodiest offensive in the area in more than four years of fighting.    Prime Minister Ariel Sharon ordered the pullback at the urging of Israeli military commanders, who argued the two-week offensive had played itself out, and after calls from the United States to wrap up the operation...	4
0	Blair: World Will Keep Pressure on Sudan for Peace   KHARTOUM (Reuters) - Britain's Tony Blair warned Sudan on  Wednesday the international community would not rest until  violence was ended in Darfur and a comprehensive peace deal was  struck across the whole country.	3
0	Will Arafat #39;s Death Affect Middle East #39;s Peace?  It #39;s been almost a week since Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat died. With constant conflict in the Middle East , some wonder if Arafat #39;s death will bring about peace in his former home.	2
0	Kerry Pulls Ahead of Bush in Newsweek Poll (Reuters)  Reuters - Democrat challenger John Kerry has pulled ahead of President Bush in a poll published by Newsweek magazine showing Thursday's television debate erased the lead Bush had enjoyed for the last month.	0 1
0	Blair cabinet to consider Iraq troop decision  Prime Minister Tony Blair will convene top cabinet ministers today with a US request for British troops to be sent to more dangerous areas in Iraq sure to top the agenda and a positive response likely.	3
1	Bush, Kerry snipe away as election nears  Democratic challenger John Kerry sought to undercut President Bush on national security yesterday by claiming that he is trying to scare voters with talk of terrorism.	0 1
0	Kerry: Pull Troops From Iraq in 4 Years  RACINE, W.Va. - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry, on a Labor Day tour of states where polls show the race against President Bush virtually tied, told voters he would try to pull U.S...	0 1
0	A Fast Finisher's Reputation Now Faces the Ultimate Test  John Kerry is counting on the reputation he cemented in the Democratic primaries as a candidate who runs best from behind.	1
0	Bush's Ohio Win Was Closer Than Thought (AP)  AP - President Bush's victory over John Kerry in Ohio was closer than the unofficial election night totals showed, but the change is not enough to trigger an automatic recount, according to county-by-county results provided to The Associated Press on Friday.	0 1
1	Meeting with Yasser Arafat  I was with a group of 30 reform rabbis who had joined to support the nascent peace process that had been chiseled out at Oslo and ratified on the White House lawn.	2
3	US president pledges strong-dollar policy  US President George W. Bush said on Wednesday that his government still adheres to the strong-dollar policy.  quot;The policy of my government is a strong-dollar policy, quot; Bush 	0
3	UPDATE 7-Oil jumps over  $50 as Bush nears victory  Oil prices leaped back above  $50 on Wednesday as President George W. Bush edged towards US election victory, a result which traders said would bolster fuel demand and underpin anxiety over security of Middle East supply.	0
1	Blair undergoes successful heart operation  British Prime Minister Tony Blair underwent a successful heart operation on Friday and is expected to stay in hospital overnight after treatment, Sky News reported.	3
0	Blair to Visit Victorious Bush in D.C. (AP)  AP - President Bush's first postelection meeting with a foreign leader comes this week when Prime Minister Tony Blair of Britain, a staunch ally on Iraq, is due for two days of discussions at the White House.	0 3
0	Fatah names former PM Abbas as candidate for PA chairman  The Fatah central committee on Sunday named former Palestinian prime minister Mahmoud Abbas as its candidate for chairman of the Palestinian Authority, to replace the late Yasser Arafat.	2
1	FOX Poll: Bush Maintains Advantage Over Kerry  With less than a week to go, a FOX News poll shows George W. Bush (search) continues to hold the lead over Democrat John Kerry (search) in the race for the presidency.	0 1
1	Bush, Kerry wrangle over video  WITH the 2004 presidential race still a tossup, US President George W. Bush and challenger Democrat John Kerry charged into the final two days of the contest trying to turn to their advantage an October surprise appearance by America #39;s most hated enemy.	0 1
0	John Howard congratulates George Bush from Kirribilli house  TONY EASTLEY: The Prime Minister, John Howard, spoke to George W. Bush this morning from Kirribilli House in Sydney. The Prime Minister congratulated Mr Bush on his election win.	0
0	APEC Ministers Start Trade, Security Talks (AP)  AP - Top government ministers from 21 Pacific Rim nations convened high-level talks on free trade and global security Wednesday as police battled university students protesting the summit and a weekend visit by President Bush.	0
1	Validity of Ukraine election in doubt, Bush says  President Bush declared Friday that charges of voter fraud have cast doubt on the Ukrainian election.  quot;The only good deal is one that #39;s verifiable, quot; the president told reporters.	0
0	Iran Would Welcome Kerry Camp Proposal-Official (Reuters)  Reuters - Iran would welcome a proposal by U.S. presidential candidate Senator John Kerry's running mate for a "great bargain" to solve the dispute over Tehran's nuclear program, a senior Iranian official said on Saturday.	1
1	Bush awards presidential medals to three former officials  President Bush awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom yesterday to three men who he said had  quot;made our country more secure and advanced the cause of human liberty: quot; Gen.	0
1	Education Secretary Paige leaving Cabinet position  Education Secretary Rodney Paige, who spearheaded implementation of the No Child Left Behind law, a centerpiece of President Bush #39;s first-term domestic-policy 	0
0	British Lawmakers Plan to Impeach Blair   LONDON (Reuters) - A group of British lawmakers plan to  invoke a parliamentary procedure last used more than 150 years  ago to impeach Prime Minister Tony Blair over the war in Iraq,  British newspapers said on Thursday.	3
0	Veteran Backs Kerry on Silver Star Account (AP)  AP - A Chicago Tribune editor who was on the Vietnam mission for which John Kerry received the Silver Star is backing up Kerry's account of the incident.	1
1	Bush enacts law that overhauls US spy agencies  President Bush yesterday signed legislation realigning the nation #39;s spy agencies to meet the new terrorist threat, declaring the law represents the  quot;most dramatic reform quot; of intelligence 	0
0	Bush Scraps Most U.S. Sanctions on Libya (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush on Monday formally ended the U.S. trade embargo on Libya to reward it for giving up weapons of mass destruction but left in place U.S. terrorism-related sanctions.	0
0	AT DEATH #39;S DOOR  Yasser Arafat is in  quot;grave condition quot; with little chance of recovering from a mystery illness, officials at his French hospital said yesterday.	2
1	Palestinians not doing enough, says Sharon  Israel accused the Palestinian authorities on Monday of doing nothing to prevent attacks after five soldiers were killed in the deadliest assault since the death of Yasser Arafat more than a month ago.	2
1	Source says CBS made him  #39;fall guy #39;  FORT WORTH - The former Texas Air National Guard commander who gave CBS documents critical of President Bush #39;s military service said he thinks the network has tried to make him the  quot;fall guy quot; in the dispute over whether the memos are authentic.	0
1	Bush comments on Thompson terror worries  President Bush played down on Saturday a stark warning from his resigning health chief that the nation #39;s food supply is largely unprotected from terror attack.	0
1	1 Dead 5 Injured at Arafat Mourning Tent in Gaza  A shooting at a tent set up for mourners of Yasser Arafat in Gaza City has left at least one security guard dead and five others injured.	2
1	Kerry, Bush continue to battle on war  John Kerry used the situation in Iraq to question whether President Bush is the leader he claims to be. While, President Bush suggested Kerry can never achieve victory in the war on terror.	0 1
0	'All civilized nations are in this struggle together'  Excerpts from President Bush's speech to the UN General Assembly: During the past three years, I've addressed this General Assembly in a time of tragedy for my country, and in times of decision for all of us. Now we gather at a time of tremendous opportunity for the UN and for all peaceful nations. For decades, the circle of liberty ...	0
0	Blair faces growing revolt from lawmakers over troop deployment request (Canadian Press)  Canadian Press - LONDON (AP) - Prime Minister Tony Blair faced a revolt by lawmakers Wednesday over a U.S. request to redeploy some British troops closer to Baghdad.	3
1	Bush Delivers More Positive Campaign Message, Friday  President Bush is driving his re-election campaign toward next week #39;s finish line, with a series of more optimistic speeches that Republicans hope will rise above some of the hostility of this campaign season.	0
0	Kerry Uses Bush's Own Words to Call Him Unfit (Reuters)  Reuters - Democratic challenger John Kerry turned President Bush's own words into a weapon on Thursday and said it was the Republican incumbent who had jumped to conclusions in Iraq, disqualifying him from being commander in chief.	0 1
0	Clinton Lends His Voice to Kerry Campaign (AP)  AP - President Clinton can't put his recovering heart into John Kerry's election effort out on the campaign trail, but he is using his voice to help in the final weeks of the race.	1
1	CBS, Rather admit mistake in judgment over Bush docs  Earlier this week, amid controversy over the validity of the recently released documents saying President Bush skirted his military duty in Texas, CBS News said they can now longer confirm that the memos from Col.	0
1	Third day of medical tests for Arafat  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat was undergoing a third day of medical exams at a Paris hospital Sunday to determine the extent of his illness.	2
0	Polls Suggest a Double-Digit Bush Lead  AKRON, Ohio - President Bush and John Kerry battled over the economy and jobs in a small corner of the campaign's most fiercely contested state Saturday as polls showed a post-convention surge for the Republican in the White House.    With little more than eight weeks remaining to Election Day, a Newsweek survey gave the president a lead of 52-41 over Kerry, with independent Ralph Nader at 3 percent...	0 1
1	Kerry on Iraq:  #39;Wrong War, Wrong Place, Wrong Time #39;  Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry on Monday called the invasion of Iraq  quot;the wrong war in the wrong place at the wrong time quot; and said his goal was to withdraw US troops in a first White House term.	1
1	Europe Seeks Unity on New Bush Term  As European leaders came together on Friday for the first time since the American elections, Britain #39;s prime minister, Tony Blair, urged them to adjust to the  quot;reality 	3
0	UN Urged to Ignore Bush Plea for Human Cloning Ban (Reuters)  Reuters - Britain's national academy of science urged the United Nations on Monday to ignore a call by President Bush to ban all forms of human cloning.	0
1	Arafat #39;s Health Suffers Setback - Envoy  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s health has suffered a setback and doctors are carrying out more tests to discover why, Palestinian envoy Leila Shahid told Reuters on Wednesday.	2
0	Thousands Protest Gaza and West-Bank Disengagement  Nearly 100, 000 protestors, mostly Orthodox Jews, gathered in downtown Jerusalem #39;s Zion Square on Sunday night in opposition to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to evacuate settlements in the West Bank and Gaza.	4
1	Iraqi leader and Bush vow democracy  President Bush and Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi, standing shoulder to shoulder at the White House, vowed yesterday to cleanse the war-torn country of insurgents 	0
1	Compromise on revamp of intelligence moves closer to passage  WASHINGTON - Two powerful congressional chairmen, including one who had opposed legislation to revamp the nation #39;s intelligence agencies, endorsed a compromise yesterday and moved a bill endorsed by President Bush closer to approval.	0
1	Bush #39;s Approval Rating Hovers Below 50 Percent  Aug. 30, 2004 -- As the Republican Convention begins in New York, President George Bush and Sen. John Kerry are locked in a tight race and the president #39;s approval rating is languishing below the 50 percent mark.	1
1	Health secretary visits Bradenton  Give the government #39;s flu plan time to work, US Secretary of Health Tommy Thompson told local physicians and patients Monday during a Bradenton visit to stump for medical liability reform and the re-election of President Bush.	0
3	Bush Econ Team to Undergo Gradual Changes (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush, who swiftly reshuffled his foreign policy team on Tuesday, is planning a more gradual overhaul of his top economic staff, people close to the White House said.	0
1	In Boost For Sharon, Israeli Cabinet Approves Compensation For <b>...</b>  _ The Israeli Cabinet approved guidelines Sunday to compensate settlers uprooted by Ariel Sharon #39;s Gaza withdrawal plan, giving the prime minister a welcome boost ahead of a parliamentary showdown this week.	4
1	Bush praises grace, decency of State choice  President Bush on Tuesday picked national security adviser Condoleezza Rice, who once tutored him on global affairs, to be his top diplomat, saying her foreign policy experience 	0
0	Arafat kin to get his medical report from Paris hospital  PARIS - Yasser Arafat #39;s nephew, Nasser al-Kidwa, will head to Paris today to obtain the medical records related to the Palestinian Authority chairman #39;s death, a Palestinian official said yesterday.	2
0	British Hostage Makes Appeal For Blair's Help (washingtonpost.com)  washingtonpost.com - BAGHDAD, Sept. 23 -- A British hostage threatened with death by a militant Islamic group appealed to  Prime Minister Tony Blair on Wednesday to save his life by ordering the release of all women held in Iraqi prisons.	3
0	Clinton will campaign with Kerry  Former US President Bill Clinton is to campaign with White House hopeful John Kerry, officials say.	1
1	Rapport with Bush gives Rice an edge  SWITCHING Condoleezza Rice to take charge of US diplomacy will allow George W.Bush to project a sharper -- and harder -- edge to foreign policy that more closely reflects his own thinking.	0
0	 #36;388B Spending Bill May Face Votes Soon (AP)  AP - Lawmakers and White House budget bargainers whittled their differences to a handful, fueling hopes Congress can speed an overdue  #36;388 billion bill to President Bush that finances most federal agencies.	0
0	No decision yet on UK troops redeployment  Britain has not yet decided whether to send 650 troops to relieve US forces in Iraq, Prime Minister Tony Blair said yesterday, while rejecting suggestions that such a move would be aimed at boosting US President George W. Bush #39;s electoral campaign.	0 3
1	Film Walks Line Between Kerry Ad and War Documentary  "Going Upriver: The Long War of John Kerry," set to premiere at the Toronto Film Festival, stakes out new territory at the crossroads of politics and cinema.	1
0	Carter Sees Hope in Middle East Peace (AP)  AP - Former President Jimmy Carter said Thursday the death of Yasser Arafat robs the Palestinian people of "indispensable leadership" and he joined other American Middle East analysts in expressing hope that Arafat's successors will find peace with Israel.	2
0	Blair to be asked to open inquiry into number of Iraqi deaths  A group of former British diplomats, peers, scientists and church leaders will today urge Tony Blair to launch an inquiry into the death toll of the Iraq war.	3
0	Sources: Doctors suspect Arafat has leukemia  Palestinian sources tell the Associated Press that doctors who specialize in the blood disease are examining Arafat. The 75-year-old Palestinian leader has been sick for the past two weeks.	2
1	UK terror laws in  #39;tatters #39;  British Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s security strategy looks to be in trouble after a landmark legal ruling against a vital part of his anti-terror policy.	3
0	Arafat successor escapes shooting  Yasser Arafat #39;s interim successor has escaped uninjured after militants opened fire in a mourning tent for the dead leader. Mahmoud Abbas was whisked to safety after militants firing rifles burst in on the tent just after he arrived.	2
0	Sinclair Axes Journalist Critical of Film (AP)  AP - Sinclair Broadcast fired its Washington bureau chief, saying he revealed company business when he discussed its upcoming program on a documentary critical of John Kerry's anti-Vietnam War activities.	1
0	Arafat collapses; condition  #39;serious #39;  Palestinian Authority President Yasser Arafat collapsed yesterday evening, was unconscious for about 10 minutes and remained in a  quot;very difficult situation, quot; Palestinian officials said.	2
1	Palestinian unrest about Arafat puts Lebanon on alert  The Israeli Air Force scrambled several jets last week, fearing possible attacks from Palestinians upset by Yasser Arafat #39;s condition.	2
0	Police investigate Sharon death threats  Israeli police announced today that they had launched an investigation into death threats against the country #39;s prime minister, Ariel Sharon, while senior cabinet ministers took the first concrete step towards implementing his  quot;unilateral disengagement 	4
0	Canadians Authorities Arrest US President Bush On War Charges  Canadian authorities have arrested US president George W. Bush in Ottawa. He has been charged with several offences under Canada #39;s War Crimes Act.	0
0	Arafat #39;s nephew says he died  #39;unnatural death, #39; backing poisoning <b>...</b>  The late Palestinian president Yasser Arafat #39;s nephew said Saturday his uncle may have died an  quot;unnatural quot; death, a statement expected to renew speculation among Palestinians and in the rest of the Arab world where many already 	2
1	Ready to do battle over the war  President George W. Bush has traveled the country for months, telling pre-selected crowds of adoring supporters that the war in Iraq is a winning chapter in the struggle against Islamic terror.	0
1	Clark defends Kerrys record, slams Bush  Wesley K. Clark yesterday hammered President Bush as  #39; #39;incompetent quot; and  #39; #39;indecisive, quot; as he kicked off a raucous outdoor rally for John F. Kerry before 	0
1	Palestinians set elections for January ninth  (Ramallah, West Bank-AP) Nov. 14, 2004 - Palestinian officials are pushing forward with steps to a secure a new leader after the death of Yasser Arafat, scheduling presidential elections for January ninth.	2
0	North Korea  #39;waiting to see US policy #39; before more talks  BEIJING (dpa) - North Korean Vice Foreign Minister Kim Yong Il said Pyongyang was waiting to see how US policy might change following the re-election of President George W. Bush before agreeing to new six-party talks on its nuclear weapons programme, a 	0
0	Bush Signs Law to Boost North Korean Human Rights (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush has signed a law aimed at bolstering human rights and market reforms in North Korea, officials said on Tuesday.	0
0	Britain's Blair left with political headache after key minister resigns (AFP)  AFP - British Prime Minister Tony Blair was leaving for a key summit after a rapid and deeply unwelcome reorganisation of his government following the resignation of respected interior minister David Blunkett.	3
1	Arafat Still Alive  As Yasser Arafat fights for his life in a French military hospital, some powers are being shifted to the Palestinian prime minister.	2
0	Bush Ad Hints Terrorists Want Kerry to Win (AP)  AP - Wolves prowl through a forest in a new television ad that says "weakness attracts those who are waiting to do America harm," a suggestion by President Bush's campaign that terrorists would seize on a John Kerry presidency.	0 1
1	Bush, Kerry battles over Iraq days before 1st debate  US President George W. Bush and his Democratic rival John Kerry traded barbs over Iraq on Monday, with Bush ridiculing Kerry for shifting positions on Iraq and Kerry accusing Bush of not telling the truth to the public.	0 1
0	CORRECTED: Israel's Peres Urges Election, Pressures Sharon (Reuters)  Reuters - Israel's opposition Labour Party leader pushed an already embattled prime minister to the wall by advocating early elections a day after Ariel Sharon's Likud party barred him from coalition negotiations.	4
0	Blair to reshuffle 'by weekend'  Tony Blair tells his monthly news conference that he will reshuffle his top team by the end of the week.	3
0	As Arafat worsens, leaders prepare funeral  PARIS -- Yasser Arafat #39;s coma deepened and his condition deteriorated dramatically yesterday according to the Palestinian leadership, who visited him at a Paris hospital and then returned to the West Bank to declare that his life was now  #39; #39;in the hand of 	2
0	Bush to announce massive troop pullout from Europe, Asia (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush will on Monday announce the withdrawal of up to 100,000 US troops from Europe and Asia as part of a major defense reorganization, officials said.	0
1	Arafat Departs West Bank For Medical Treatment in Paris  Palestinian President Yasser Arafat has left his West Bank compound in Ramallah for urgent medical treatment in France. A dark limousine, surrounded by security guards and his closest aides, shuttled 	2
1	Goss Sworn In as New CIA Director  President Bush has observed the swearing in of Porter Goss as the new head of the Central Intelligence Agency. In a White House ceremony Friday, the former CIA officer took over leadership of the intelligence 	0
0	Sharon Wins Key Vote on Alliance for Gaza Plan  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Likud party agreed on Thursday to a possible alliance with opposition Labour in a vote that averted a snap election and strengthened his Gaza withdrawal plan.	4
1	DUP in NI talks with Blair  DUP leader Ian Paisley is set to meet Prime Minister Tony Blair in Downing Street to discuss his party #39;s response to the latest version of the British-Irish proposals on devolution.	3
1	Palestinians plan security in case of Arafat #39;s death  Palestinian security patrols began Sunday in Gaza after a meeting between officials aiming to keep peace and national unity while Yasser Arafat is in a hospital.	2
1	Bush Gives  $20 Mln to Palestinians to Pay Israeli Bills  President Bush on Wednesday approved  $20 million in direct aid to the Palestinian Authority to help pay its Israeli utility bills after key lawmakers opposed plans to 	0
1	Israeli leader says 2005 could bring  quot;historic breakthrough quot; in <b>...</b>  HERZLIYA, Israel A direct message today from Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon to Palestinians:  quot;We have no desire to rule over you.	4
1	Kerry in Boston, at Game 6 on same night  Despite doubts by watchdog groups about the logistics of being at two events at the same time, Sen. John Kerry did attend both a political banquet in Boston and Game 6 of the 1986 World Series 	1
1	Palestinian Leader Arafat Dies at 75  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat waves, greeting Palestinian women who packed into his compound to mark the International Women #39;s Day with him, outside his office in the West Bank town of Ramallah, in this March 8, 2004 file photo.	2
1	McCain in the middle of Bush-Kerry battle  WASHINGTON - Arizona Republican John McCain is a man seemingly stuck in the middle this presidential election year: a friend and sometimes defender of Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry and a loyal party wingman for President Bush who is a 	0 1
0	Arafat #39;s navy without a sea  This landlocked city may seem an unlikely place to situate a naval base, but for Palestinians without a state perhaps it is fitting to have a navy without a sea.	2
0	Iraq #39;s Disappearing Election  raq #39;s interim prime minister, Ayad Allawi, acknowledges that those elections he and President Bush have vowed would take place next January  quot;may not be perfect.	0
0	Rivals Clash on Iraq, Economy and Health in Second Debate  President Bush defended his economic record and his decision to invade Iraq, while John Kerry said that Mr. Bush lacked the record to justify re-election.	0 1
0	Kerry Challenges Bush on Terror Policies  NASHVILLE, Tenn. - In a sharply worded challenge to President Bush, Democratic Sen...	0 1
0	CBS Names Panel to Probe Bush Guard Story  NEW YORK - CBS News appointed a former Republican Cabinet member and a retired news executive Wednesday to investigate its discredited "60 Minutes" report on President Bush's National Guard service.    Dick Thornburgh, attorney general in the Reagan and first Bush administrations and former Pennsylvania governor, will start work immediately with Louis D...	0
0	Bush says he miscalculated post-war conditions in Iraq (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush reportedly said he miscalculated post-war conditions in Iraq and that the long insurgency was the product of a "swift victory."	0
0	Bush lawyer quits in anti-Kerry ad flap (AFP)  AFP - A lawyer for US President George W. Bush's re-election campaign who advised a group of veterans accusing Democratic challenger John Kerry of embellishing his Vietnam War record announced his resignation.	0 1
1	Down Democrats, Happy Republicans Look to 2008  A demoralized Democratic Party tried to pick up the pieces on Thursday as Republicans celebrated President Bush #39;s re-election, with both sides 	0
1	Bush Crams in Ohio, W.Va. Trips Before RNC  WASHINGTON Aug. 28, 2004 - If it #39;s Saturday, it must be a bus tour through Ohio for President Bush. Sunday? The schedule says West Virginia.	0
0	4 Soldiers Killed in Israeli Base Bombing (AP)  AP - Palestinian militants blew up an Israeli army base at the Gaza-Egypt crossing Sunday by sneaking more than a ton of explosives through a tunnel, killing four Israeli soldiers and wounding at least 10  #151; the largest Palestinian attack in the month since Yasser Arafat's death.	2
0	FROM THE DEBATE   <em> The following are excerpts from the third presidential debate between President Bush and Sen. John F. Kerry:</em>	0
1	Cabinet changes areno cause for alarm  The 2004 presidential election is barely over - all the votes, in fact, haven #39;t even been counted - yet barely two weeks after the re-election of President Bush, there has been a flurry of Cabinet resignations that might give the impression the 	0
0	Republicans Tap Gimmicks to Raise Cash (AP)  AP - The Republican National Convention is officially President Bush's party, but fellow GOP candidates are not shy about using the days before the guest of honor's arrival to raise money for their own campaigns.	0
1	Arafat #39;s death could bring new chance for peace  Yasser Arafat was in intensive care Saturday in a French hospital, as former US envoys said his death would open up opportunities for peace, especially if pragmatic Palestinian leaders emerge.	2
1	Zogby tracking poll has Bush up by 4  US President George Bush now has a four-point lead over Democrat John Kerry in the Zogby presidential tracking poll released Friday.	0 1
0	Palestinian leaders give show of unity in Arafat #39;s absence  Ramallah, West Bank - The Palestinian leadership held its first meeting Saturday since the departure of the ailing Yasser Arafat, putting on a show of unity to dispel concerns about possible chaos and infighting in his absence.	2
1	UK #39;s Blair Recovering at Home After Heart Flutter Treatment  UK Prime Minister Tony Blair is recovering at home after treatment for a heart flutter, a condition he said won #39;t keep him from seeking a third term in office.	3
0	Edwards Blasts Bush on Iraq, the Economy (AP)  AP - Sen. John Edwards, answering President Bush's blistering criticism of Democrat John Kerry, contended Wednesday that the Republican was "completely out of touch with reality" about the Iraq war and the economy.	0 1
0	UK's Blair Seeks Relaunch After Iraq Woes (Reuters)  Reuters - Britain's Tony Blair set out his vision for a third term in office on Monday in a bid to shift the spotlight onto domestic policies that win or lose elections and off the divisive war in Iraq.	3
0	New Bush Ad Turns Kerry's Words Around (AP)  AP - Details of a new television ad from President Bush to begin airing Monday:	0
0	Jailed Palestinian leader may run to succeed Arafat  RAMALLAH, West Bank -- Marwan Barghouti, a leader of the Palestinian uprising jailed by Israel but perhaps the strongest candidate to oust Yasser Arafat's old guard of politicians, plans to run in upcoming presidential elections, a person close to Barghouti said yesterday.	2
0	Bush Document Details Military Departure  WASHINGTON - The White House said seven months ago that it had released all the records on President Bush's stateside military service during the Vietnam War, yet new records are still dribbling out as Election Day approaches.    The White House on Wednesday night produced a November 1974 document bearing Bush's signature from Cambridge, Mass., where he was attending Harvard Business School, saying he had decided not to continue as a member of the military reserve...	0
3	Bush Set to Open Oil Reserve Spigot   WASHINGTON (Reuters) - With oil prices close to  $50 a  barrel, the Bush administration is set to allow oil refineries  to borrow crude from the government's emergency petroleum  stockpile to make up for supplies disrupted by Hurricane Ivan,  a congressional source briefed on the pending decision told  Reuters on Thursday.	0
1	Kerry hammers Bush on explosives  Sen. John Kerry wielded news from Iraq to bludgeon President George Bush Monday as the candidates began their final sprint to Nov. 2. Kerry, citing reports more than 300 tons 	0 1
0	Campaigns Continue to Focus on Kerry's War Record  There was no Texas showdown at high noon, although there were dueling letters at the gate to President Bush's Crawford ranch today, as the battle over what John Kerry did in the Vietnam war continued to dominate the political theater of the 2004 presidential campaign.	0 1
0	Cheney: Jobs Best Solution for Povery (AP)  AP - Vice President Dick Cheney, asked Friday what he and President Bush would do to help the working poor, said "the best solution for poverty is a job" and contended their tax policies would help small businesses create more of them.	0
0	Confusion Marks Reports on Arafat    PARIS, Nov. 4 -- Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat remained critically ill at a military hospital near here late Thursday night after slipping into unconsciousness on a day dominated by rumors, confusion and false reports that he had died.	2
0	Reading Sharon #39;s Mind  In a much-noted speech last week, Israels Prime Minister Ariel Sharon ostensibly made a dramatic reversal in course. But I am wondering whether to take his shift at face value.	4
0	Judge Orders U.S. to Find Bush Records  WASHINGTON - A federal judge has ordered the Pentagon to find and make public by next week any unreleased files about President Bush's Vietnam-era Air National Guard service to resolve a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit filed by The Associated Press.    U.S...	0
0	AP Poll: Bush Holds Slight Lead on Kerry  WASHINGTON - President Bush opens the fall campaign with a slight lead over Democratic Sen. John Kerry, an Associated Press poll shows, as voters express growing confidence in the direction of the country and the performance of the incumbent...	0 1
0	Palestinians Register Candidates for New President   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinians began  registering candidates on Saturday for a presidential election  to replace Yasser Arafat, while officials warned the vote may  be delayed if Israel does not halt military activities.	2
0	Middle-Class Tax Cuts Extension Approved  WASHINGTON - Legislation to extend several popular middle class tax cuts cleared a House-Senate conference and could be on President Bush's desk within days, handing him a major legislative victory in the closing weeks of the presidential campaign.    The  $145.9 billion package marked the fourth significant tax cut package that the president has championed since taking office...	0
1	Bush says he is proud of his service in Guard  LAS VEGAS Speaking to National Guard members and veterans at a politically charged moment, President George W. Bush acknowledged the hardships the war in Iraq had caused Guard members and their families, and assailed Senator John Kerry for arguing that 	0 1
0	Bush Defends Self on Missing Explosives, Rips Kerry (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush insisted on Wednesday 380 tons of missing explosives in Iraq might have been removed prior to the arrival of U.S. forces in 2003 and he attacked Democrat John Kerry for making a campaign issue out of it.	0
0	Bush Signs  #36;33 Billion Security Budget (AP)  AP - President Bush signed a bill Monday giving the Department of Homeland Security about  #36;33 billion for the budget year that began Oct. 1.	0
0	Arafat rushed to intensive care  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat was rushed on Wednesday to an intensive care unit in the Paris hospital where he has been receiving treatment for a serious blood disorder, but his life is not in danger, according to his aides.	2
1	Bush Administration Cracks Down on Internet-Related Crimes  The government calls it  quot;Operation Web Snare quot;, catching criminals who do business online. They #39;ve been working since June and today announced dozens of arrests for crimes that cost victims millions of dollars.	0
1	Bush, Kerry Set for Crucial First Debate  President Bush and Democratic rival John Kerry prepared for a security-policy showdown in their first debate on Thursday, as Iraq #39;s 	0 1
0	Bush Tough-Guy Scuffle Plays Poorly in Chile  <p></p><p> By Ignacio Badal</p><p> SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - While President Bush may haveboosted his tough-guy image at home in a brief scuffle withlocal police during a summit in Chile, orderly Chileans wereless impressed that he got physically involved and floutedsecurity rules.</p>	0
0	Cause of death unclear, says Arafat nephew  Toxicology tests outlined in Yasser Arafat #39;s medical records did not find any known poisons, the late Palestinian leader #39;s nephew said today, adding that the records gave no clear cause of death.	2
0	Bush Signs Orders for Intelligence Reform  WASHINGTON - President Bush on Friday signed executive orders designed to strengthen the CIA director's power over the nation's intelligence agencies and create a national counterterrorism center, responding to election-year pressures to enact changes called for by the Sept. 11 commission...	0
1	Bush, Kerry battle on  Rallying huge crowds of volunteers and voters, President Bush and Sen. John Kerry each claimed Saturday to be the only candidate ready to lead America in the fight against terrorism.	0 1
3	Oil runs up on election  Oil prices spiked up above  $50 a barrel early Wednesday as signs of an electoral victory for President Bush raised the prospect of continued high US demand and Middle East supply anxiety.	0
0	Sharon Seeks Wider Govt. to Save Gaza Pullout Plan   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  launched new efforts Tuesday to widen his shaky coalition after  a stinging setback in parliament that complicated his plan to  withdraw from some occupied territory.	4
0	Kerry Targets Bush Economic Policy as 'Fiscal Mess' (Reuters)  Reuters - Sen. John Kerry said on Wednesday the United States needs to make the "right choices" on the economy, and faulted President Bush for blaming others and offering excuses for the White House's own failed economic policies.	0 1
0	Ex-envoys: Mideast peace breakthrough possible  JERUSALEM -- Former US envoys say that the passing of Yasser Arafat would open up new opportunities for Mideast peace, especially if new, pragmatic Palestinian leaders emerge.	2
1	Arafat #39;s condition improving, Palestinian officials say  PARIS, Nov 1 (AFP) - Palestinian officials voiced optimism Monday about Yasser Arafat #39;s condition, saying the ailing Palestinian Authority president had shown improvement at the start of a crucial week for his political future.	2
1	Political shoals of the swift-boat wars  New TV ads and accusations draw out debate over Kerry #39;s service in Vietnam - and may be an acid test of his defenses. By Linda Feldmann  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.	1
0	Arafat's Health Saga--From Tragedy to High Drama   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat's dying days have  contained all the ingredients of a Hollywood drama -- tragedy,  suspense, plot twists and even a touch of farce.	2
1	Bush and Kerry Unveil Closing Themes  John F. Kerry rolled out a new campaign speech packed with populist rhetoric and sharp indictments of the Bush administration Thursday, while President Bush 	0
0	Bush and Kerry Trade Barbs on Economy (AP)  AP - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry feuded Thursday over the nation's economy, with the Republican incumbent boasting about the impact of his "well-timed tax cuts" and his Democratic rival bemoaning a new report of rising poverty.	0 1
1	Pentagon Releases More Bush Military Records -NYT  The Pentagon has released what it called newly found records concerning President Bush #39;s service in the Air National Guard, a subject of debate in the US presidential campaign, The New York Times said on Wednesday.	0
0	Bush sharpens jabs against Kerry ahead of debates (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush sharpened his jabs against Democratic challenger John Kerry, who called for an end to the nasty advertising war that he said was scaring off voters three days before the rivals' first televised debate.	0 1
0	Arafat aides say initial tests have ruled out leukemia as cause of <b>...</b>  Initial results from a battery of tests on Palestinian President Yasser Arafat found no signs Saturday of leukemia, Palestinian officials said, but blood doctors are still trying to find the cause of the leader #39;s dramatic 	2
1	Bush wants Congress to shift Iraq aid to security, economic <b>...</b>  Shifting its priorities amid a rising insurrection, the Bush administration announced Tuesday it would divert  $3.46 billion in congressionally approved assistance to Iraq to build up security and economic development.	0
0	Kerry, Bush Clash Over Iraq and Taxes  ST. LOUIS - In a testy debate rematch Friday, Sen...	1
0	Kerry Challenges Bush to Weekly Debates (Reuters)  Reuters - Democrat John Kerry on Thursday challenged Republican President Bush, to weekly debates from now until the Nov. 2 presidential election.	0 1
0	Bush and Kerry Follow Debate With Sharp Jabs  President Bush attacked John Kerry on Iraq on Friday, taking a more aggressive approach than he had in the previous night's debate.	0 1
1	After the mea culpa, what #39;s left for Rather?  With CBS News publicly disavowing disputed documents in a 60 Minutes story on President Bush #39;s National Guard service, the question now shifts to the future of Dan Rather as the face of the black-eyed network.	0
0	Kerry Hints GOP May Suppress Black Votes  WASHINGTON - John Kerry suggested Saturday night that Republicans may try to keep black voters from casting their ballots to help President Bush win in November.   "We are not going to stand by and allow another million African American votes to go uncounted in this election," the Democratic presidential nominee told the Congressional Black Caucus...	0 1
1	Bush, Kerry trade gibes on terror threat  The state that launched George W. Bush on the road to the White House and rejuvenated John F. Kerry #39;s presidential hopes took 	0 1
0	Effort by Bush on Education Hits Obstacles  Since President Bush signed No Child Left Behind, the law has imposed undeniable changes on public education, but it has also faced a backlash.	0
0	Palestinians can vote only through mail: Israeli Foreign Min  Washington, Nov 16 (PTI) Palestinians living in Jerusalem can vote only through mail for the upcoming elections to choose a successor to Yasser Arafat, as there will be no polling booths for them in the city, Israeli Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom has said 	2
1	Key Events in Yasser Arafat #39;s Life  Aug. 4, 1929: Born in Cairo, Egypt, fifth child of Palestinian merchant Abdel Raouf al-Qudwa al-Husseini. -Jan. 1, 1965: Forms Fatah guerrilla movement, which becomes core group of 	2
0	Abbas faces rough road to win over Palestinians  The straw poll at Ibrahim Amin #39;s coffeehouse was nearly unanimous, and it did not bode well for the longtime deputy of Yasser Arafat who would now become his successor.	2
0	Sharon Seeks Labour Help to Bail Him Out  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has approached the opposition Labour Party with a tentative offer to join his shaky coalition, in hopes of avoiding early elections and saving his Gaza withdrawal plan.	4
1	What They #39;re Really Fighting About  The presidential campaign is doing the time warp. Again. Thirty-three years after a decorated Lt. John Kerry both galvanized and outraged veterans and the public with his condemnations 	1
0	Blair said to be OK  Doctors have reportedly finished a heart procedure on British Prime Minister Tony Blair. Aides haven #39;t been saying exactly when the operation was to take place, but Sky News TV says it has already been completed and that Blair is feeling OK.	3
1	Substance trumps style in debate  CORAL GABLES, Fla. - For perhaps the first time in the four-decade history of presidential debates, last night #39;s clash between President Bush and Sen. John Kerry soared far above politics and the campaign of the moment.	0 1
1	Democrats step up attacks on Bush's military record (AFP)  AFP - US Democrats stepped up their attack on President George W. Bush's military service, while a  quot;tell-all quot; tabloid biography assailing his family values hit the stores as an instant bestseller.	0
1	Iraq I: Elections are no savior  PARIS When I heard George W. Bush and Ghazi al-Yawar, the interim Iraqi president, speak of elections as the  quot;savior quot; for freedom-hungry Iraqis in the midst of war, I was reminded with Queen Marie Antoinette #39;s infamous solution to the starving French 	0
1	Israeli parliament set for historic vote on Gaza pullout  JERUSALEM : The Israeli parliament is set for an historic vote on Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s hotly contested plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip after 37 years of occupation.	4
3	Congress Votes to Extend Tax Cuts  The House and the Senate overwhelmingly approved the  $146 billion measure, sending President Bush what would be his fourth tax cut in four years.	0
0	Blair returns to UK for Bigley memorial  British Prime Minister Tony Blair is in the northern English city of Liverpool to attend a memorial service for engineer Ken Bigley, who was beheaded by kidnappers in Iraq last month.	3
0	Poll: Possible Second War Worries Voters (AP)  AP - Playing on the fear factor, Vice President Dick Cheney suggested in a campaign speech there might be another terrorist attack on the United States if John Kerry were in the White House.	1
0	Bush, Kerry Pause to Trade Barbs on Iraq  SPRING GREEN, Wis. - President Bush and rival Sen...	0
0	Congress Finishing Up  #36;338B Spending Bill (AP)  AP - White House and congressional bargainers sorted through a final pile of disputes Friday on an overdue  #36;388 billion spending bill that would slice President Bush's priorities and curb a wide swath of programs.	0
0	N. Ireland Talks End With No Agreement (AP)  AP - High-pressure talks among rival Northern Ireland parties ended Saturday with no agreement to revive a Catholic-Protestant administration, but British Prime Minister Tony Blair insisted that a deal "historic in its meaning" may yet be achieved.	3
1	President surveys storms wrath  President Bush on Sunday got a firsthand look at Hurricane Ivans devastation during his third trip to Florida to assess the damage from this summers fierce storms in the South.	0
0	Doctors say tests in Arafat dispell suspicions of cancer  A blood test and an endoscopy on Yasser Arafat have dispelled suspicions he has cancer in his digestive tract, one of the Palestinian leader #39;s doctors said Wednesday.	2
0	Back to future, Israel builds bridges with moderates  WASHINGTON, NOVEMBER 14: Under American encouragement and, in some cases, pressure, Israel has quietly taken steps aimed at strengthening the standing of Palestinian moderates and has agreed to consider others now that Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat has 	2
1	Arafat Doctor: Let Us Know Why He Died  AMMAN, 13 November 2004 - The late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafats personal doctor has called for a public inquiry into the causes of his patients death in Paris.	2
0	Anti-Bush Protesters Fill N.Y. Streets (Los Angeles Times)  Los Angeles Times - NEW YORK  #8212; More than 100,000 demonstrators flooded the streets of Manhattan on Sunday in a strong show of opposition to President Bush and the war in Iraq as this city geared up for the Republican National Convention.	0
1	Next week, there #39;s really only one choice: Bush  There really is no choice on Nov. 2. President Bush has a record of achievement and accomplishment. He inherited an economy in recession, further hit by a high-tech burst and 9/11, and turned it around.	0
0	Cheney Calls Kerry's Hunt a Cover-Up (AP)  AP - Vice President Dick Cheney poked fun at Sen. John Kerry's goose hunting Thursday, arguing that the image of the gun-toting, camouflaged Democrat was an "October disguise" that masked his voting record against gun rights.	1
0	Candidates Give Tough Response to a Qaeda Tape  The broadcast of a new Osama bin Laden tape jolted the race, bringing quick reactions from President Bush and John Kerry.	0 1
0	China backs off criticism of US president  Chinese officials have denied that criticism of US President George W. Bush published in state media Monday reflected the official government position.	0
0	Nephew Suggests Arafat's Death Unnatural (AP)  AP - Yasser Arafat's nephew said Saturday his uncle may have died an "unnatural" death, a statement certain to renew speculation among Palestinians and in the rest of the Arab world where many already believe the late leader was poisoned despite Israel's repeated and vehement denials.	2
0	Peres rejects Israeli PM #39;s coalition plan  JERUSALEM - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has suffered another blow to his plan to expel 8,000 Jewish settlers from the Gaza Strip. 	4
0	Blair Sees More Iraq Violence, No Ruling on Troops (Reuters)  Reuters - Britain's Tony Blair forecast an upsurge in violence in Iraq ahead of planned January elections but said Wednesday he had not yet decided on a U.S. request for back-up from UK troops.	3
0	Blair Presses for  $150M in Aid for Darfur  At a conference to discuss Africa #39;s future, British Prime Minister Tony Blair pressed the international community to raise  $150 million to help people caught up by violence in Sudan #39;s western Darfur region.	3
0	Kerry Does 'Top Ten' on Letterman Show  NEW YORK - Democrat John Kerry joked on "The Late Show with David Letterman" about changes under President Bush's tax plan, including that Vice President Dick Cheney can claim the president as a dependent.    Besides reading his "Top 10" list, Kerry also poked fun at the tedious debate negotiations between the rival campaigns that ended in agreement Monday...	0 1
1	Markets rise as oil costs decline  Wall Street bounded higher for the second straight day yesterday as investors reveled in sharply falling oil prices and the pro-business agenda of the second Bush administration.	0
3	Bush vs. Kerry:  President Bush plans to continue improving the economy if he wins the 2004 election through his reforms and six-point plan. For all the families in the United States who have lost loved ones 	0 1
2	Schilling cant step onto campaign trail  The injured Red Sox hurler backed off from taking the stage to appear with President Bush at two Granite State campaign events yesterday.	0
0	Reuters Poll: Bush Holds Three-Point Lead on Kerry (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush holds a slender three-point lead over Democratic rival John Kerry in a tight race for the White House, according to a Reuters/Zogby poll released on Monday.	0 1
0	Bush, Martin pledge to improve trade relations but no promises on <b>...</b>  OTTAWA (CP) - George W. Bush said he understands Canadian ranchers #39; frustrations but the president suggested the lumbering US bureaucracy has to sign off before the border can re-open to Canadian cattle.	0
0	Bush: Kerry's Plans Would Require Tax Hike  COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. - President Bush told supporters Tuesday in the conservative heart of Colorado that John Kerry cannot pay for the domestic programs he is proposing unless taxes are raised on the middle class...	0 1
3	Bush Says Social Security Plan Would Reassure Markets  President Bush continued to lay the groundwork for a strong effort by the White House to overhaul Social Security.	0
1	Bush campaign pounces on Kerry remark  President George Bush #39;s campaign will focus on and ridicule challenger Sen. John Kerry #39;s remark that terrorists are a nuisance, CNN reported Monday.	1
0	Kerry Tours Fla. Asking for Early Votes (AP)  AP - Florida voters get to cast their ballots for president beginning Monday, and Democrat John Kerry planned to spend all day asking for their votes.	1
0	Sharon set to end 15-month boycott of Palestinian leadership  JERUSALEM (AFP) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon was set to end his 15-month boycott of the Palestinian leadership after expressing a willingness to meet new PLO chief and presidential favourite Mahmud Abbas.	4
1	Guthrie Publisher Lets Cartoon Use Song (AP)  AP - This song is my song, this song is your song. That's the agreement reached between the publishers of Woody Guthrie's classic "This Land is Your Land" and JibJab Media, creators of an animated Internet short that uses the tune in a comic sendup of President Bush and Sen. John Kerry's presidential campaigns.	0 1
1	The X Files Of Lt. Bush  Journalists and politicos have been trying off and on for a decade now to suss out exactly what George W. Bush did in the National Guard more than 30 years ago.	0
0	Musharraf to meet Singh at the UN  The leaders of India and Pakistan head to the US this week for talks with each other and with President Bush.	0
1	Bush salutes  #39;tomorrow #39;s veterans #39; in Iraq  WASHINGTON - President Bush paused on Veterans Day to honor American soldiers who have died in Iraq and Afghanistan during his presidency and in wars past.	0
0	Bush Foreign Policy 'Revolution' at Stake in Election (Reuters)  Reuters - The foreign policy "revolution" launched by President Bush, including his commitment to use military force against those he sees as a threat to America, is at stake in the Nov. 2 election.	0
1	US Needs to Offer More to N.Korea-Security Report  Divisions in President Bush #39;s first administration gave North Korea valuable time to develop weapons and he needs to put far more on the table to get it to end its nuclear plans, a security group said on Monday.	0
3	Bush names Kellogg exec as commerce secretary  In a key step toward building a new team to develop and sell his second-term policies on taxes, Social Security and trade, President Bush on Monday picked Carlos Gutierrez 	0
0	Hamas Fires Rockets, Gaza Attack Goes On (Reuters)  Reuters - Palestinians in Gaza fired two more makeshift rockets at Israel on Wednesday and Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon ordered his army to press on with a week-old offensive that has killed 75 Palestinians.	4
1	DOMESTIC AGENDA Bush Pledges a Broad Push Toward Market-Based <b>...</b>  Vindicated by Tuesday #39;s elections and with his party strengthened on Capitol Hill, President Bush pledged Wednesday to push a broad domestic agenda 	0
1	Sharon moves to form new coalition after crushing opponents of <b>...</b>  JERUSALEM (AFP) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon moved swiftly to forge a national unity government after winning approval to reshape his coalition and crushing internal opposition to his Gaza pullout plan.	4
0	U.S. Seeks to Throw Out Terror Convictions  WASHINGTON - The Justice Department is asking a judge to throw out the convictions of a suspected terror cell in Detroit because of prosecutorial misconduct, a dramatic setback for the administration's war on terror on the eve of President Bush's re-election pitch at the GOP convention.    In a late Tuesday night court filing, the department told U.S...	0
1	Federal Deficit Surges to Record  $413B  WASHINGTON_ Democrats are blaming President Bush for the record 2004 federal deficit of  $413 billion, but Republicans say the figure shows that the economic and budget pictures are brightening.	0
1	Kerry accuses Bush of covering up plan to call up more soldiers  Democratic Sen. John Kerry on Friday accused the Bush administration of hiding a plan to mobilize more National Guard and Reserve troops after the election while glossing over a worsening conflict in Iraq.	0 1
1	Bush twins turn 23 on Thanksgiving  President Bush celebrated the Thanksgiving holiday with turkey  quot;leftovers quot; Thursday in Texas and had birthday cake as his twin daughters turned 23.	0
1	Clinton hits campaign trail for Kerry  Former President Bill Clinton will be back on the campaign trail Friday for a three-day trip to help get out the vote for Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry.	1
0	Palestinians Set Jan. 9 For Vote  Palestinian officials scheduled presidential elections for Jan. 9, 2005, pushing forward with steps to a secure a new leader following the death of Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Bush Opens Lead Despite Unease Voiced in Survey  Senator John Kerry faces substantial obstacles in his bid to unseat President Bush, with voters saying he has not laid out a case for why he wants to be president.	0 1
0	Bush was not asked to resign but helped to unitedly fight <b>...</b>  Death of senior Awami League leader, Mrs. Jebunnessa Ivy (widely known as Ivy Rahman), wife of former AL General Secretary, Mr. Zillur Rahman, and 19 others in a horrible grenade attack last Saturday shocked the conscience of the people.	0
3	Election Will Dominate Wall Street #39;s Moves  Does Wall Street like Bush or Kerry? At this point, investors would be happy with having a clear winner by the opening bell on Wednesday, no matter who it might be.	0 1
0	Sharon asks for global alliance to fight terror  JERUSALEM Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel, speaking on the eve of a visit by the Russian foreign minister, called Sunday for an international anti-terrorist alliance after the deadly seizure of a Russian school by militants.	4
1	US talks nukes and trade at APEC  Chile #39;s economic summit took a diplomatic turn this weekend when US President George W. Bush called on Asian nations to work together to convince North Korea to end its nuclear weapons program.	0
0	Arafat in French hospital  Palestinian President Yasser Arafat was admitted yesterday to a French military hospital near Paris for urgent treatment for what is said to be a potentially fatal blood disorder.	2
0	Barghouti withdraws nomination  Marwan Barghouti, a popular Palestinian figure who was jailed, has dropped out of the race to succeed Palestinian Authority President Yasser Arafat.	2
1	Bush says delaying vote would send  #39;wrong signal #39;  President Bush joined the interim president of Iraq yesterday in insisting that Iraqi elections be held Jan. 30, saying that keeping to the election 	0
3	Korea Puzzled by US Currency Game  Over the weekend, the US Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan hinted at the maintenance of weak dollar policy (in Germany) while President Bush said he is committed to a strong dollar (in Chile).	0
0	Arafat undergoes more medical tests; condition remains serious  Yasser Arafat remained in dire condition yesterday after undergoing more medical tests, a senior aide to Arafat said yesterday. Test results were expected within days.	2
1	Tenet, Franks, Bremer Get Medal Of Freedom  WASHINGTON -- President George W. Bush has awarded the Medal of Freedom to three men central to his Iraq policy, saying they played  quot;pivotal roles in great events.	0
0	Bush Aides Laugh Off 'Wired Debate' Rumor  CHANHASSEN, Minn. - Campaign aides to President Bush on Saturday laughed off rampant Internet speculation about whether the president was wired to get help from advisers during his first debate with Sen...	0
0	Bush Takes Credit for Increases in Jobs (Reuters)  Reuters - Under pressure to show improvement in the U.S. economy, President Bush on Friday welcomed the news that 144,000 jobs were created in August as evidence his policies were working at the start of his post-convention drive to the Nov. 2 election.	0
0	Israeli ministers back compensation plan for Gaza settlers  JERUSALEM : Israeli ministers approved a compensation package for settlers due to be uprooted from their homes as Prime Minister Ariel Sharon rejected calls to submit his Gaza pullout plan to a referendum.	4
0	Cheney and G.O.P. Mount Vigorous Assault on Kerry  Vice President Dick Cheney said that the nation's fundamental security was at stake in the presidential election.	1
0	Ottawa prepares for anti-Bush protests over everything from war to capitalism (Canadian Press)  Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - They're protesting everything from capitalism and corruption to criminality, and they're blaming it all on U.S. President George W. Bush.	0
1	Bush Returns to Hurricane-Ravaged Florida  President Bush is offering moral support and financial aid to states hard hit by the latest hurricane to strike the United States.	0
0	Bush Campaign to Recut Doctored Ad (AP)  AP - President Bush's campaign acknowledged Thursday that it had doctored a photograph used in a television commercial to remove the president and the podium where he was standing. The campaign said the ad will be re-edited and reshipped to TV stations.	0
1	Domestic program #39;s big goals  Washington -- President Bush, in closing a two-day White House economic conference Thursday that outlined an ambitious domestic policy agenda, declared:  quot;I like to confront problems.	0
1	Bush, Retailers Drop in Oil Prices Give Markets Boost  Wall Street continued its post-election rally yesterday as oil prices dropped by more than  $2 a barrel and President Bush outlined plans for a second term.	0
0	Arafat Critically Ill, But Not Deteriorating  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat remained critically ill and unconscious at a military hospital near here Friday, but hospital officials said his condition had not deteriorated.	2
1	Kerry Draws Even With Bush at 45 Percent in Zogby Tracking Poll  Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry moved into a tie with President George W. Bush in the latest Reuters/Zogby tracking poll of likely voters.	0 1
0	Arafat #39;s nephew can likely get access to Palestinian leader #39;s <b>...</b>  PARIS French officials may have found a way to both abide by their own privacy laws and still respond to demands by Palestinian leaders to answer questions about Yasser Arafat #39;s death.	2
1	Blair faces crucial Labour test  With opinion polls stacking against him, British Prime Minister Tony Blair is making a crucial speech to his Labour Party conference on Tuesday.	3
1	Celebs Aiding Anti-Bush Web Campaign (AP)  AP - "Bourne Supremacy" star Matt Damon, "Lost in Translation" actress Scarlett Johansson and other celebrity artists are donating their talents  #151; not just their cash  #151; to an online effort to unseat President Bush.	0
0	Sharon seeking to garner support for Gaza plan  JERUSALEM: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon was seeking to nail down support for his Gaza pullout plan on Wednesday ahead of a crunch vote in parliament as one of his top ministers held talks with the spiritual leader of the main ultra-Orthodox party.	4
1	After Arafat, a need for resolve  The critical illness of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, who was reported near death as this page went to press, is a pivotal event that could quickly lead to increased turmoil in the ever-troubled Middle East, but could offer hope for a long-term 	2
1	Kerry Says Cheney-Halliburton Tie to Blame for Taxpayer Abuse #39;  Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry said Vice President Dick Cheney #39;s financial link to Halliburton Co. guided Bush administration policies in Iraq that let the company profit at the expense of American troops.	0 1
1	Bush Vows Second-Term Push for Palestinian State  President Bush vowed on Friday to use the next four years to help establish a Palestinian state, and he and British Prime Minister Tony Blair said they 	0 3
0	NIH was warned in '02 on AIDS drug for Africa  WASHINGTON -- Weeks before President Bush announced a plan to protect African babies from AIDS, top US health officials were warned that research in Uganda on the key drug was flawed and may have underreported severe reactions, including deaths, government documents show.	0
0	Bush and Kerry Put on a Lively Show  NEW YORK - Friday's rematch between President Bush and John Kerry proved to be a livelier affair, and a more revealing show, than their first debate.    The big difference, of course, was the town-hall format that surrounded the two candidates with 140 voters, some of whom got to ask the questions they had brought...	0 1
0	Bush seeks Schwarzenegger's muscle, as missing explosives cast campaign shadow (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush called on the star power of actor-turned-California-governor Arnold Schwarzenegger to boost his campaign appeal as Democratic challenger John Kerry shifted his attack from missing explosives in Iraq to domestic economics.	0 1
0	Blair: 'Casinos will bring jobs'  Allowing dozens of casinos to be built in the UK would bring investment and thousands of jobs, Tony Blair says.	3
1	Straw hopeful as he visits Arafat #39;s grave  JACK Straw, the Foreign Secretary, visited the grave of the late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat yesterday at the end of a two-day trip to Israel and the West Bank to help revive the Middle East peace process.	2
0	Bush, Kerry Lob Post-Debate Assaults  LAS VEGAS - President Bush criticized Sen. John Kerry as a liberal trying to hide from his own record Thursday as the two men entered the last, post-debate lap of a close race for the White House...	0 1
1	Bush to Arafat:  #39;God Bless His Soul. #39;  President Bush, reacting to disputed reports on Thursday that Palestinian Prime Minister Yasser Arafat was dead, said  quot;God bless his soul quot; and promised to work toward a free Palestinian state.	0 2
0	Democrats accuse Bush camp of doctoring television picture (AFP)  AFP - Democrats accused President George W. Bush's campaign of doctoring a picture featured in a television spot and demanded that the advertisement be withdrawn.	0
0	Angry Kerry lashes out at Bush and Cheney over Vietnam service (AFP)  AFP - Democratic presidential contender John Kerry launched a furious riposte to a Republican onslaught on his record, accusing George W. Bush and his deputy Dick Cheney of deliberately avoiding Vietnam War service.	0 1
0	Blair #39;s leadership challenge  As Tony Blair sits down to a summit in Ethiopia today the stakes - or hype - could not be greater: the rescue of Africa. The British prime minister #39;s commission on Africa is meeting on the continent for the 	3
1	Arafat suffering from flu, doctors en route  RAMALLAH, West Bank - A Tunisian medical team was en route to the West Bank to examine Yasser Arafat, who has been suffering from the flu, a Tunisian diplomat said Saturday.	2
0	Europeans mourn huge loss of life as thousands missing in tsunamis (AFP)  AFP - A week after thousands of European holidaymakers went missing in Asian killer waves, hope was fading that they will ever be found but European countries were giving generously to alleviate what British Prime Minister Tony Blair called a "global catastrophe".	3
0	Palestinians to set date for elections for Arafat successor  Palestinian officials pushed forward on Sunday with plans for life without Yasser Arafat, meeting to set a date for elections to replace their longtime leader after his death.	2
0	Conflicted Evangelicals Could Cost Bush Votes (Los Angeles Times)  Los Angeles Times - BROOKFIELD, Wis.  #8212; With their ardent, Bible-based opposition to abortion and gay marriage, evangelical Christians are a key target of the massive Republican get-out-the-vote drive heading into next week's election. Party leaders consider conservative Christians to be as near a lock for President Bush as any group can be.	0
0	Greek Island ruling upheld  The High Court of Justice, in a six to one vote, on Thursday turned down three petitions calling for the rejection of the attorney-general #39;s decision to close the case against Prime Minister Ariel Sharon in the Greek Island Affair. 	4
0	Bush to Hit at Kerry on Security, Economy (AP)  AP - After a shaky debate performance and new controversy over the war in Iraq, President Bush is stepping up his criticism of Sen. John Kerry on national security and the economy.	0 1
3	Kerry victory could take heat off Fannie, Freddie  A victory on Tuesday for Democratic presidential contender John Kerry could herald an about-face in efforts to rein in embattled mortgage finance giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, analysts say.	1
0	AP Poll: Bush Holds Slight Lead on Kerry  WASHINGTON - President Bush has a slight lead over Democrat John Kerry in an Associated Press poll, but the president has a big advantage on protecting the country - the issue voters say they care about most.   "If we don't take care of the terrorists, we certainly won't have to worry about the economy," said Janet Cross, 57, of Portsmouth, Ohio, who switched from Democrat to Republican for the last election...	0 1
0	Middle East ; Suha claims right to medical report  Mrs Arafat fully understands existing diplomatic and historic reasons but these cannot justify raison detat prevailing over the rule of law, the lawyers said in the statement.	2
0	Bush, Cheney Concede Saddam Had No WMDs  WASHINGTON - President Bush and his vice president conceded Thursday in the clearest terms yet that Saddam Hussein had no weapons of mass destruction, even as they tried to shift the Iraq war debate to a new issue - whether the invasion was justified because Saddam was abusing a U.N. oil-for-food program...	0
1	Tough Leader Proposed for Homeland Security  Bernard Kerik #39;s nomination to run the Homeland Security Department shows President Bush wants the no-nonsense former police chief to settle turf wars in the sprawling 	0
1	Bush ad suggests country under Kerry would be vulnerable  The Bush campaign is accusing John Kerry related, bio of putting our protection at risk #39; #39; -- again suggesting the Democrat would be weak on the war on terror.	1
0	Bush Has Slight Edge Over Kerry in New Poll (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush, who is getting higher marks for his handling of the war on terrorism, holds a slight lead over Democratic challenger John Kerry, according to an NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll released on Thursday.	0 1
1	Bush Enhances CIA Role as Interim Reform  President Bush, embroiled in a fierce campaign battle over national security, on Friday expanded the power of the CIA director to include some of the broad authority that the Sept.	0
1	Bush Ally Re-Elected; Australia Stays in Coalition  Australia #39;s role in the US-led coalition in Iraq was cemented at the ballot box Saturday when Prime Minister John Howard swept to his fourth consecutive 	0
0	Sharon to tap Labor if Shinui quits govt  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said if senior coalition partner Shinui makes good on its threat to quit the government, he will immediately start negotiating with the 	4
1	Kerry Criticizes Bush on Iraq in Swing Through US Battleground <b>...</b>  Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry says he would try to withdraw all US troops from Iraq within four years if he is elected in November.	1
0	Formal State Dinner Canceled at APEC (AP)  AP - Hours after President Bush dove into a fracas to rescue his lead Secret Service agent from a confrontation with Chilean security officials, word surfaced of another security dispute. This time, an elaborate state dinner Sunday night was the casualty.	0
0	2004 Presidential Endorsements (AP)  AP - Newspaper endorsements for President Bush, a Republican, or Sen. John Kerry, a Democrat, in the 2004 presidential campaign:	0 1
1	Senior British cabinet minister David Blunkett resigns in fallout <b>...</b>  Britain #39;s top law-enforcement officer, a key member of Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s cabinet, resigned on Wednesday after acknowledging that his department had fast-tracked a visa for his former lover #39;s nanny.	3
3	Congress Sends Bush Tax Cut Bill, Victory  WASHINGTON Sept. 24, 2004 - Legislation extending three popular middle-class tax cuts for the rest of the decade sailed through Congress by lopsided votes in both the House and Senate, giving President Bush 	0
1	US Says Israel Still Following Peace  #39;Road Map #39;  The White House insisted on Wednesday that Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is committed to the US-backed road map Middle East peace plan, despite his comments in a newspaper interview that suggested otherwise.	4
1	Arafat does have flu, confirm doctors from Tunisia and Egypt  Yasser Arafat, 75, has flu and is recuperating, said Ahmed Tibi, an Israeli MP who used to be Arafat #39;s adisor. He said Tunisian doctors visited him yesterday and confirmed the Egyptian doctors #39; diagnosis of flu - an acute viral infection.	2
0	Kerry accuses Bush over Iraq, but aggressive tactics may not be working (AFP)  AFP - Democratic challenger John Kerry accused President George W. Bush of planning to call up large numbers of reservists for Iraq after the November election, but a new poll released indicated Kerry's new aggressive line is not working with voters.	0 1
0	Bush Dismisses Talk of Delaying Iraq Vote  President Bush Thursday flatly ruled out any delay in Iraqi elections scheduled for Jan. 30 despite the unrelenting insurgency, rejecting Sunni Muslim boycott threats and casting the vote as a critical step toward bringing U.S. troops home.	0
0	Chirac, Blair Strive for Unity After Iraq   LONDON (Reuters) - French President Jacques Chirac agreed  to disagree with Prime Minister Tony Blair over Iraq on  Thursday but pledged full cooperation, from Africa to the  Middle East, when Britain heads the G8 and European Union in  2005.	3
1	The homestretch  With just two weeks to go, President Bush appears to have shed himself of the post-debate blues and again gained momentum in this seesaw contest for the White House.	0
0	Bush, Kerry, Parties Spend  #36;40M on TV Ads (AP)  AP - President Bush, Sen. John Kerry and their political parties are spending nearly  #36;40 million on TV ads in the final week of the presidential campaign as they adjust their strategies in a shrinking battleground.	0 1
0	Palestinians Shell Gaza Settlement; 1 Dead  Palestinian militants fired two mortars at a Jewish settlement in the Gaza Strip on Friday, killing a 24-year Israeli woman and enflaming settler anger at Prime Minister Ariel Sharon.	4
1	Bush To Thank Canada For 9/11 Aid  OTTAWA (CBS) President Bush was traveling Wednesday to Nova Scotia to give the Canadians a belated  quot;thank you quot; for helping Americans in the aftermath of the Sept.	0
0	Middle East ; Straw upbeat on renewed Mideast peace efforts   quot;I #39;ll be leaving Israel and the occupied territories more optimistic than when I came, quot; Straw said. Much of Straw #39;s agenda focused on upcoming Palestinian elections to choose a successor to Arafat.	2
0	Bush and Kerry Differ on State of Economy  BROADVIEW HEIGHTS, Ohio - Good news, or bad? President Bush and Democrat John Kerry had differing takes Saturday about the vitality of the nation's jobs market - a question that's heating up this year's race for the White House.    Bush, campaigning in Ohio - a pivotal state that has lost tens of thousands of manufacturing jobs, says a new U.S...	0 1
1	Nanny flap sinks Homeland Security post  Former New York top cop Bernard Kerik abruptly pulled his nomination as President Bush #39;s new homeland security boss last night, saying he feared an embarrassing nanny scandal.	0
1	Chaos marks Arafat burial  Mahmoud Abbas, the new chief of the Palestine Liberation Organization, stood at the door of the Egyptian military helicopter and implored the frenzied crowd to move back.	2
0	Kerry: Bush Is No Good Samaritan (AP)  AP - Sen. John Kerry accused President Bush Thursday of failing the Biblical test set by the Good Samaritan, saying, "He's seen people in need, but he's crossed over to the other side of the street."	0 1
1	Karzai vows to bring Afghan peace  Cheney and Rumsfeld are two of the most hawkish members of President George W. Bush #39;s cabinet and key architects of the. Washington-backed war that overthrew the Taliban in the wake of the 	0
0	Arafat orders release of kidnapped CNN producer  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat has ordered his security services to help secure the release of a CNN producer kidnapped by Palestinian militants in Gaza.	2
1	Gaza pullout a tactic  ISRAEL #39;S plan to withdraw from Gaza was designed to put the peace process on hold and block the creation of a Palestinian state, a top aide to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said in an interview yesterday.	4
0	US genocide charge is Bush election ploy - Sudan FM (AFP)  AFP - Sudan's foreign minister rejected US charges of genocide in the western region of Darfur as a reelection ploy by US President George W. Bush.	0
1	Legal battle looms with first voters in dead heat  THE prospect of the United States presidential election being decided by a courtroom battle increased last night as the first solid exit polls pointed to a dead heat between George Bush and John Kerry.	1
1	McCain: Stand Down On Vietnam  By Bob Schieffer. By Mark Knoller. By Dotty Lynch. (CBS/AP) Sen. John McCain has called on both political parties to declare a cease-fire in the increasingly bitter partisan quarrel over John Kerry #39;s Vietnam war record.	1
1	Bush, Kerry Hammer Each Other in Swing States  President Bush and Democrat John Kerry kept up the offensive in swing states on Saturday as the presidential race remained deadlocked in the polls with 10 days to go until Election Day.	0 1
1	Israeli cabinet backs Sharon plan to quit Gaza  The cabinet of Ariel Sharon, the Israeli prime minister, has voted to pay compensation to Jewish settlers who will lose their homes if his plans to disengage from Gaza go ahead.	4
1	Advisers Urge Kerry to Flex Power in Senate and Party  Still reeling from his loss to President Bush on Tuesday, Senator John Kerry is being urged by top advisers and friends to take a high-profile role as the Democratic Party grapples with 	0 1
1	Bush pressures Iran on its nuclear plans  SANTIAGO President George W. Bush has increased the administration #39;s pressure on Iran, saying there are indications that the country is speeding forward in the production of a key ingredient for nuclear weapons fuel, a move he said was  quot;a very serious 	0
1	. . . and Lost Chances   quot;No one can control or change this revolution. No one can control or change me. quot;. Yasser Arafat spoke those words before a boisterous crowd in a dusty refugee camp called Nahr Bared in northern Lebanon more than two decades ago.	2
0	Bush: Kerry Has 'Election Amnesia' on Iraq (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush said on Saturday that Sen. John Kerry has a case of "election amnesia" that led him to shift his stance on Iraq, painting his Democratic rival as a waverer unfit to lead America in threatening times.	0 1
3	Economy More Sluggish Than First Thought (AP)  AP - Weighed down by high energy prices, the economy was even more sluggish than initially believed during the second quarter. But Federal Reserve policy-makers believe the pace will pick up in coming months, something President Bush is counting on as the election approaches.	0
1	Opposition parties increase pressure on Blunkett  Opposition politicians have stepped up the pressure on David Blunkett over the fall-out from his affair with Kimberly Quinn, but Tony Blair appears as determined as ever to hang on to his home secretary.	3
2	Does Redskin Loss Have Anything To Do With Election?  LANDOVER, Md. -- For superstitious John Kerry supporters, Sunday #39;s Washington Redskins defeat is reason to celebrate. Equally superstitious supporters of President George W. Bush have cause to worry.	0 1
1	Bush says Kerry can #39;t fight terrorism; Kerry says Bush not helping <b>...</b>  President George W. Bush said Friday the presidential race boils down to who can keep American homes safer from terrorists and contended Democrat John Kerry was not up to the task.	0 1
0	Update 2  Sharon to reject settlers calls for Gaza vote  To get parliamentary majority for his Gaza Strip plan israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is planning to create a new coalition by joining main opposition Labour party leaded by Shimon Peres.	4
3	Wall Street Headed for Morning Rally  US stock futures predict that Wall Street will open sharply higher this morning on expectations that President Bush will likely win the election.	0
1	Bush Signs Intelligence Overhaul Legislation  President Bush signs the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 during a ceremony in Washington, December 17, 2004.	0
1	Bush pressures Iran on its nuclear plans  SANTIAGO President George W. Bush has increased the administration #39;s pressure on Iran, saying there are indications that the country is speeding forward in the production of a key ingredient for nuclear weapons fuel, a move he said was  quot;a very serious 	0
1	Israel says it will back Blair peace conference  By Anton La Guardia, Diplomatic Editor and Inigo Gilmore in Herzliya. Israel threw its weight yesterday behind Tony Blair #39;s plans to hold an international Middle East conference in London in February, but left 	3
0	Israel: Palestinian State Shelved with U.S. Blessing   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's plan to withdraw from some  occupied territory aims to rule out a Palestinian state  indefinitely, with full U.S. approval, Prime Minister Ariel  Sharon's chief of staff said on Wednesday.	4
1	Row over Arafat #39;s medical file  Paris - A family tug-of-war over whether to reveal Yasser Arafat #39;s cause of death bubbled over in public on Saturday, with a brother of the late leader insisting the Palestinian people are entitled to know.	2
0	Bush Announces Plan for Troop Realignment  WASHINGTON - Two Army divisions will return to the United States from Germany as part of a global military restructuring that President Bush says will bring up to 70,000 American troops home in the next decade.    Pentagon officials said Monday the 1st Armored Division and 1st Infantry Division probably won't start leaving their bases in Germany until 2006 at the earliest...	0
1	Accept Gaza plan, Israeli PM appeals  JERUSALEM - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is appealing to the country #39;s parliament to support his controversial plan to withdraw from Gaza, which he says is the only way to secure Israel #39;s future.	4
0	Bush Says White House Race Boils Down to Trust (Reuters)  Reuters - George W. Bush predicted he will be re-elected president next week, saying in a newspaper interview that the contest hinges on trust and he has proven he can lead in tough times.	0
0	Kerry Ads Underscore His Vietnam Service (AP)  AP - The Democratic Party launched a costly round of ads Friday to buttress John Kerry's credentials to be commander in chief as the White House accused the Massachusetts senator of "losing his cool" over attacks on his war record.	1
2	Stop The Press - Thursday 07, October-2004  And it was for the whole world. So much so that Iraq and the Middle East took a back seat and Bush and Kerry seemed terribly old hat.	0 1
0	AP Poll: Bush Holds Slight Lead on Kerry  WASHINGTON - President Bush opens the fall campaign with a slight lead over Democratic Sen. John Kerry, an Associated Press poll shows, as voters express growing confidence in the direction of the country and the performance of the incumbent...	0 1
3	Bush Backs Strong Dollar  President Bush pledged Wednesday to work with Congress to reduce the United States' huge deficits to assure markets that his administration supports a strong dollar.	0
3	Growth without jobs is a vexing contradiction  According to the government #39;s own labor reports, George W. Bush is the first president since Herbert Hoover to preside over a net loss of jobs during his administration.	0
1	Dignitaries Arriving for Arafat Funeral  Suha, wife of late Palestinian Leader Yasser Arafat, walks down from the French plane upon her arrival at Cairo airport to attend Arafat #39;s funeral in Cairo, Egypt, Thursday Nov. 11, 2004.	2
1	Bush, Edwards Campaign In Colorado  Both presidential campaigns are focused on Colorado Tuesday as President George W. Bush and Democratic vice presidential candidate Sen. John Edwards swing through and battle for the state #39;s nine electoral votes.	0
0	Britain, Israel Hold Out Prospect of Mideast Talks   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Britain and Israel on Monday held out  the prospect of a Middle East peace conference in London after  the Palestinians elect a successor to Yasser Arafat on Jan. 9.	2
0	Kerry Goes on the Attack in New Ads (AP)  AP - For months on the campaign trail, John Kerry has criticized President Bush for running advertisements assailing the Democrat's record. Now, Kerry is the one on the attack.	0 1
0	Scowcroft Is Critical of Bush  The national security adviser to President George H.W. Bush was highly critical of the current president's handling of foreign policy in an interview published this week.	0
1	Kerry to Bush: Take immediate steps for peace in Iraq  NEW YORK - Sen. John Kerry said Monday that President Bush #39;s invasion of Iraq has created a crisis that could lead to unending war and raises questions about whether Bush #39;s judgment is up to presidential standards.	0 1
0	Blair backs India's quest for permanent seat on UN Security Council (AFP)  AFP - British Prime Minister Tony Blair has backed India's quest for a permanent seat on the UN Security Council as well as having it join talks with G-8 countries on climate change and African development.	3
1	Vigil for Arafat as details of his condition remain sketchy  CLAMART, France: Some 20 pro-Palestinians continued a vigil early Saturday outside a hospital here after doctors tending Yasser Arafat said his condition had not changed but refused to respond to unconfirmed reports that the 75-year-old leader was brain 	2
1	 #39;Batman #39; Scales Buckingham Palace in Fathers #39; Protest  A campaigner dressed as Batman, from the fathers #39; rights group that pelted Prime Minister Tony Blair with flour-filled condoms, staged a dramatic protest on a Buckingham Palace balcony Monday.	3
0	Liberals Dismayed by 'Moral Values' Claims (AP)  AP - Family values, traditional values and now, "moral values." Most American adults would say they have them, and yet that two-word phrase is the focus of an ideological tug-of-war heightened by President Bush's re-election, with conservatives declaring principal ownership and liberals scrambling to challenge them.	0
0	Moore's Pre-Election TV Special Nixed  NEW YORK - The cable pay-per-view company iN DEMAND has backed away from a plan to show a three-hour election eve special with filmmaker Michael Moore that included the first television showing of his documentary "Fahrenheit 9/11."   The company said Friday it would not air "The Michael Moore Pre-Election Special" due to "legitimate business and legal concerns." A spokesman would not elaborate.    Moore has just released his movie on DVD and was seeking a TV outlet for the film, which sharply criticizes President Bush, as close to the election as possible...	0
0	Bush Raps Kerry, Slips in Newsweek Poll (AP)  AP - President Bush on Saturday ridiculed what he called the "Kerry doctrine" as a dangerous outsourcing of America's security, seeking to poke a hole in Sen. John Kerry's debate performance with what advisers see as his rival's biggest miscue.	0 1
0	Sharon #39;s own map  ISRAEL #39;S PRIME Minister Ariel Sharon made it clear recently that his plan for a unilateral disengagement from the Gaza Strip is not intended as a prelude to a comprehensive peace agreement but is meant to serve as a replacement for the road map to Mideast 	4
1	Bush Accuses Kerry of  #39;Mixed Signals #39;   #39; KING OF PRUSSIA, Pa. Sept. 22, 2004 - President Bush on Wednesday accused Sen. John Kerry of sending  quot;mixed signals quot; on the Iraq war that threaten US troops #39; morale and undermine Iraqis #39; determination to face down insurgents.	0 1
1	BUSH CABINET  The White House announced that National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice is President Bush #39;s pick to be Secretary of State. Rice is an expert in political science and served in the National Security Council under President Bush #39;s father.	0
0	Putin backs Bush in US poll  Russian President Vladimir Putin has warned terrorist attacks in Iraq and around the world will increase if George W Bush is not re-elected in next month #39;s presidential poll.	0
0	Mubarak and Arafat discuss Israeli pullout plan  Cairo: Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak held telephone talks with Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat about Israel #39;s plan to pull troops and the 8,000 Jewish settlers out of the Gaza Strip next year, the Egyptian news agency Mena said.	2
1	Evil butchers do it again  After mocking President Bush as an arrogant  quot;Christian dog, quot; terrorists beheaded American hostage Eugene Armstrong in Iraq yesterday and posted a horrific video of his murder on an Islamic Web site.	0
0	Blair to Have Heart Procedure, Will Serve 3rd Term   LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair said  he would go into hospital Friday for a procedure to correct  heart palpitations but vowed he will serve a full third term in  office if he wins an election expected next year.	3
0	Bush offers help in reopening U.S. border to Canadian cattle (Canadian Press)  Canadian Press - (CP) - President George W. Bush offered Saturday to throw his administration's full weight behind reopening the border to Canadian beef within several months.	0
1	Former Cabot, Fidelity executive nominated to head Department of <b>...</b>  Former Cabot Corp. and Fidelity Investments executive Samuel Bodman was nominated by President Bush to be secretary of the Department of Energy Friday, replacing Spencer Abraham.	0
2	Will Packers Help Kerry For President?  FORT WORTH, Texas -- If history and supersititons are replayed, John Kerry can thank the Green Bay Packers. During the past 17 presidential elections, the outcome of the most recent Washington Redskins home 	1
1	Oh, Lynne Cheney, Stop Listening to Mary Matalin Feed You Whiny <b>...</b>  Since John Kerry bested Bush by 3-0 in a debate sweep against two-faced George, the White House has been fumbling for distracting character attacks to get the media off of discussing Bush #39;s unpresidential performance.	0 1
0	Kerry Hires Mike McCurry As Adviser (AP)  AP - Sen. John Kerry on Tuesday hired Bill Clinton's former press secretary, Mike McCurry, adding yet another adviser who worked for the two-time Democratic presidential winner.	1
3	Bush picks Cuban for Commerce  WASHINGTON - President George W. Bush has nominated Kellogg chairman Carlos Gutierrez as commerce secretary, picking a Cuban refugee who rose to the top of the biggest US cereal maker as the chief advocate for American business.	0
1	Iraq War Will Play Heavily in Debate  President Bush and Democratic challenger John F. Kerry will meet here Thursday night for a high-stakes debate that will produce their first direct 	0
0	Arafat #39;s Health Reported to Have Turned Sharply Worse  Yasir Arafat #39;s uncertain health took a sharp turn for the worse on Wednesday night with an ambulance and medical teams summoned to his West Bank compound amid unconfirmed 	2
1	President to Consider Changes for New Term  President Bush said yesterday that he will spend the weekend considering changes in his Cabinet for his second term, feeding speculation inside and outside the White House over shake-ups in key agencies in coming weeks.	0
1	Bush nominates Gonzales  White House counsel Alberto Gonzales, a former Houston lawyer, is expected to face tough questions on a variety of issues including abortion and the treatment of war detainees 	0
0	Bush lead in polls raises Kerry's debate stakes (AFP)  AFP - Democratic White House hopeful John Kerry trailed behind US President George W. Bush in the latest polls, raising the stakes for their first debate two days before that face-to-face confrontation.	0 1
1	The Arab-Israeli conflict: barely 3rd on Bush #39;s Middle East agenda  There is an intriguing theory making the rounds; it argues that a second term Bush presidency will address the Israeli-Palestinian conflict more energetically and aggressively.	0
0	Mrs Kerry sorry for Mrs Bush slur  The wife of Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry apologises after criticising First Lady Laura Bush in a newspaper interview.	1
0	Shrugging Off Mutiny, Sharon Rejects Gaza Referendum (Reuters)  Reuters - Israeli leader Ariel Sharon rejected calls from within his mutinous cabinet on Wednesday for a referendum on leaving Gaza after winning parliament's support to uproot settlements from land claimed by Palestinians.	4
0	Condoleezza Rice 'gets key post'  President Bush picks Condoleezza Rice to replace Colin Powell as secretary of state, officials say.	0
0	Kerry and Bush Congratulate Red Sox (AP)  AP - Count Sen. John Kerry of Massachusetts among those Boston baseball fans who have waited a lifetime to see the Red Sox win the World Series. President Bush says he's excited, too.	0 1
0	Bush takes a double-digit lead as Kerry campaign struggles to regroup (AFP)  AFP - George W. Bush took a double-digit lead in what had been a neck-and-neck presidential election contest, prompting Democratic challenger John Kerry to refocus his campaign on bread-and-butter economic issues, where the Republican incumbent president is considered vulnerable.	0 1
1	Update 2  Sharon to reject settlers calls for Gaza vote  To get parliamentary majority for his Gaza Strip plan israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is planning to create a new coalition by joining main opposition Labour party leaded by Shimon Peres.	4
0	Kerry Says Bush Has Ignored North Korean Threat  John Kerry accused the Bush administration of letting "a nuclear nightmare" develop by refusing to deal with North Korea.	1
0	Lackluster Afghan Poll Campaign in Final Stages   HERAT, Afghanistan (Reuters) - Afghanistan's first  presidential election is just over a week away, but campaigning  and enthusiasm have been muted for an event described by  President Bush as one of his major achievements.	0
0	Barghouti joins race for presidency  The jailed leader of the Fatah movement in the West Bank, Marwan Barghouti, has joined the race to succeed Yasser Arafat as president of the Palestinian Authority in next month #39;s election.	2
1	Does Kerry-blue Illinois actually bleed Bush red?  At first glance, John Kerrys strong showing in Illinois and Barack Obamas overwhelming win suggest continued tough times for state Republicans.	0
0	Israeli PM on offensive  JERUSALEM: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has ordered the army to step up its war on Palestinian militants before a planned withdrawal from Gaza Strip.	4
2	Are steroids as bad as we think they are?  IT MAY NOT HAVE been the most substantive line in President Bush #39;s State of the Union address last January, but it had to be the least controversial.	0
0	Arafat Nephew Arrives in Paris for Records (AP)  AP - Yasser Arafat's nephew was in Paris on Sunday to collect the Palestinian leader's medical records, but he faced an objection from Arafat's widow, whose lawyers insisted she had sole legal rights to the file.	2
0	Parties Seek Advantage in Vietnam Debate (AP)  AP - The events may be 35 years old, but the heated discussion hasn't stopped because Republicans and Democrats alike sense a political advantage in keeping the debate over John Kerry's service in Vietnam on voters' minds.	1
1	Bush and Kerry deadlocked in new poll  Two national polls have shown the race between President George W Bush and Democrat John Kerry is deadlocked as Bush #39;s convention bounce faded, although the president has made headway in key swing states.	0 1
0	Arafat Says He May Have Made Mistakes, Urges Change   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat acknowledged  Wednesday that he could have made mistakes in his strongest  comments since a wave of Palestinian turmoil over demands for  anti-corruption reforms.	2
0	Blair eyes new climate pact with Bush  Prime Minister Tony Blair is trying to involve the United States in a new international treaty on global warming, according to a report.	0 3
1	Guerriero attacks Bush and Cheney for  quot;feigning outrage quot; over <b>...</b>  CNN reports that the head of the gay political group Log Cabin Republicans has come out angrily against the Bush-Cheney campaign for  quot;feigning outrage quot; over Sen. John Kerry #39;s comments in Wednesday night #39;s 	0 1
1	Row erupts as top Sharon aide says there will be no Palestinian <b>...</b>  Ariel Sharon #39;s chief aide caused a political storm yesterday by claiming that the real purpose of the Israeli prime minister #39;s  quot;disengagement plan quot; was to freeze the peace process and prevent the establishment of a Palestinian state, all with the blessing 	4
0	Bush Names New Energy Chief to His Second-Term Cabinet  President Bush today named Deputy Treasury Secretary Samuel W. Bodman as head of the Energy Department.	0
0	Sharon Party Bans Labor From Coalition (AP)  AP - In a stinging rebuke, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's party voted Wednesday to bar him from adding the opposition to his government to bolster his Gaza pullout plan, Israel Radio reported.	4
0	Hobbled Sharon #39;s options limited despite vow to implement Gaza <b>...</b>  JERUSALEM Aug 20 - Humiliated by his own party and under pressure from the opposition to call new elections, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon appears in no position to ensure the implementation of his Gaza pullout plan.	4
0	House Republicans Act to Protect DeLay (washingtonpost.com)  washingtonpost.com - Emboldened by their election success, House Republicans changed their rules yesterday to allow Majority Leader Tom DeLay (Tex.) to keep his post even if a grand jury indicts him, and Senate GOP leaders continued to weigh changing long-standing rules governing filibusters to prevent Democrats from blocking President Bush's most conservative judicial nominees.	0
3	Greenspan blows a  #39;Jackson Hole #39; in candidates #39; election promises  As President George Bush and John Kerry outbid each other in rosy promises, Alan Greenspan yesterday brought the election debate on the economy down to earth: Sooner or later 	1
0	Senate OKs  #36;800B Debt Limit Hike (AP)  AP - A divided Senate approved an  #36;800 billion increase in the federal debt limit Wednesday, a major boost in borrowing that Sen. John Kerry and other Democrats blamed on the fiscal policies of President Bush.	0 1
1	Possible outcomes for a close election  ATLANTA - Could a vote in the House of Representatives end up deciding a tied election? Or will it end up being a comfortable win for Republican President Bush or Democratic Sen. John Kerry?	0 1
2	Match for Kerry, masks for Bush  Washington, Nov. 1: John Kerry will be the next President of the US, if American political lore is of any help in this confusing presidential election on the eve of polling.	1
1	Kerry Charges Bush Would Slash Benefits  Audio: The truth is coming out. George Bush has finally admitted that he intends to privatize Social Security in a second term.  quot;Im going to come out strong after my swearing in, quot; Bush said,  quot;with .	0 1
0	Palestinians mourn their leader  Palestinians mourn the death of Yasser Arafat, their leader of 40 years - Israel sees a new chance for peace.	2
0	Bush Scraps Trade Embargo on Libya in WMD Reward (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush on Monday formally ended the broad U.S. trade embargo on Libya to reward it for giving up weapons of mass destruction but left in place some U.S. terrorism-related sanctions.	0
0	For Bush, Kerry, Iraq Is More Than a War (AP)  AP - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry are using Iraq to advance their negative campaign tactics as the U.S. military death toll in Iraq tops 1,000. War, it seems, is just another excuse to call the other guy names.	0 1
1	Dems Object to Airing of Anti-Kerry Film (AP)  AP - The Democratic Party and 18 senators are objecting to a broadcasting company's plan to air on 62 TV stations a critical documentary about John Kerry's anti-war activities after he returned home from Vietnam three decades ago.	1
0	Research  Flawed on  Key AIDS Medicine   Weeks before President Bush announced a plan to protect African babies from AIDS, top U.S. health officials were warned that research on the key drug was flawed and may have underreported thousands of severe reactions, including deaths, government documents show.	0
1	CBS Says Probe Results Unlikely Until After Election (Reuters)  Reuters - An external review of how CBS News came to use disputed documents in a report on President Bush's military record will probably not be concluded until after the	0
0	Arafat on His Deathbed -- Or Not  Palestinian leader's condition is obscured by rumor and intrigue.	2
1	Bush names Rice to be secretary of state, America #39;s  #39;face to the <b>...</b>  President Bush on Tuesday picked National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice, who once tutored him on global affairs, to be his top diplomat 	0
0	Both Candidates Use McCain in Campaign Ads (AP)  AP - Republican maverick John McCain campaigns with President Bush. He's good friends with Democrat John Kerry. And, in an unusual twist, he's shown up in campaign advertisements for both.	0
0	Sharon courts Labor for coalition   JERUSALEM -- Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel asked the Labor Party yesterday to join his ruling coalition, a move that would bolster his chances of carrying out a withdrawal from the Gaza Strip next year.	4
1	GOP protestors clog New York streets  NEW YORK -- Tens of thousands of demonstrators marched past the Madison Square Garden site of the Republican National Convention today, chanting, blowing whistles and carrying anti-war banners as delegates gathered to nominate President Bush for a second 	0
0	Dim prospects for peace  With public attention focused elsewhere, the Bush administration is letting Middle East peace hopes disappear. Israelis rightly complain that peace requires a partner, a role that Yasser Arafat has been pathetically incapable of filling so far.	2
0	Sharon and Abbas Say They Ready to Meet - Newsweek (Reuters)  Reuters - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said in an interview published on Sunday that he was ready to meet Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas and try to coordinate a Gaza pullout with a new Palestinian government.	4
0	Little Saigon Voters Not Embracing Kerry (AP)  AP - In the teeming markets and cafes of Little Saigon, generational changes and misgivings over his policies have weakened President Bush's support among Vietnamese-Americans. Still, few are embracing his Democratic challenger, Sen. John Kerry.	0 1
0	Sharon Survives 3 Parliament No-Confidence Votes   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on Monday  narrowly survived three parliamentary no-confidence votes  sponsored by opposition parties over deepening poverty in  Israel.	4
0	Bush administration takes emergency steps to avoid debt ceiling (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush's administration weathered a pre-election mauling as it announced emergency measures to skirt a 7.38-trillion-dollar debt limit.	0
1	Kerry returns home confident he fought hard  From joking about his dirty overcoat to nearly sweeping his wife off her feet with a hug and kiss, John F. Kerry was the picture of humor and heartiness yesterday 	1
0	Abbas rejects Sharon Gaza offer  PALESTINIAN presidential frontrunner Mahmoud Abbas rejected an offer by Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon today to coordinate Israel #39;s planned withdrawal from the Gaza Strip next year.	4
0	Arafat does not have leukaemia: official report  PARIS, Nov 2 (AFP) - The first official medical report on the Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat has confirmed that he does not have leukaemia, the Palestinian representative in France Leila Shahid said Tuesday.	2
0	Bush: Kerry Wrongly Questions Allawi  JANESVILLE, Wis. - Democrat John Kerry wrongly questioned the credibility of the interim Iraqi leader, and "you can't lead this country" while undercutting an ally, President Bush said Friday...	0 1
0	Ohio Electors Vote Despite Challenge (AP)  AP - The Ohio delegation to the Electoral College cast its votes for President Bush on Monday, hours after dissident groups asked the state Supreme Court to review the outcome of the state's presidential race.	0
0	Arafat #39;s No. 2 Is Set to Assume Palestinian Leadership  Mahmoud Abbas wears a business suit, not a military uniform and kaffiyeh. He is a former elementary school teacher - studious, gracious, pragmatic and opposed to terrorism.	2
0	Second Beheading Reported (Los Angeles Times)  Los Angeles Times - BAGHDAD  #8212; Militants said Tuesday that they had beheaded a second American hostage in as many days and threatened to kill a British captive, increasing pressure on President Bush and British Prime Minister Tony Blair to confront a recent wave of kidnappings of foreigners in the Iraqi capital.	0 3
1	Kerry to Appear on Letterman, Dr. Phil (AP)  AP - Voters who want to catch Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry in the next few weeks won't even have to take off their fuzzy slippers.	1
3	Wall Street expected to surge at open  Market watchers expect the US stock market to surge at Wednesdays open, as Wall Street bets that President George W. Bush has likely won re-election at the nations president 	0
1	Arafat to Be Flown for Treatment in France  Seriously ill Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat on Thursday prepared to fly to France for treatment for a blood disorder as fears grew for the icon of the Palestinian struggle for statehood.	2
3	Stock Futures Flat Ahead of Jobs Data   NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures held steady early  Friday ahead of a key report on U.S. employment, with the  market taking a breather after two big rallies following the  reelection of President Bush.	0
1	Bush Leads Kerry in Washington Post Poll; Zogby Poll Shows Tie  President George W. Bush led John Kerry by 5 percentage points among likely voters in a Washington Post daily tracking poll. A Reuters/Zogby International poll taken during the same period showed the candidates about even.	0 1
0	Michael Moore Urges Democrats to Embrace Hollywood (Reuters)  Reuters - "Fahrenheit 9/11" director Michael Moore on Monday rejected the idea that Hollywood had hurt John Kerry's chances of winning the White House, insisting that he and other entertainers helped spare Democrats an even bigger defeat.	1
0	Records Show Commander Wrote to Bush Sr.  WASHINGTON - The latest records to surface from President Bush's service in the Texas Air National Guard show that one commander took an unusual interest in the congressman's son during his basic training.    The officer in charge of the unit where Bush took his basic training wrote to then-Rep...	0
1	Bush, Kerry rev up for campaign face-off  It #39;s a classic pre-debate dance, maybe as important as the matchup itself: lower expectations for your candidate #39;s performance and jab the other guy while you #39;re at it.	1
0	Bush View of Economy at Odds With Forecast (AP)  AP - An economy with blue skies, happy workers and prosperity for all, just around the corner. That's the sunny picture painted Wednesday at President Bush's economic conference, where nary a discouraging word was uttered and Bush's second-term priorities were resoundingly praised. In reality, Bush will have a hard time getting any of his major proposals through a skeptical Congress.	0
1	Powell may be first to leave, while Rice could fill other <b>...</b>  President Bush has begun preparing a second-term Cabinet that will likely lose a few well-known faces but will retain most key players and be even more dominated 	0
1	Bush wins popular vote in electoral nail-biter; Ohio hanging in <b>...</b>  WASHINGTON (CP) - The US election became a tense showdown with no final result when Democrat John Kerry refused early Wednesday to concede defeat despite all indications that President George W. Bush won over Americans ultimately wary of abandoning their 	0
0	Officer Wrote Letter to Bush's Father  WASHINGTON - A packet of Texas Air National Guard records newly released Friday showed that the commanding officer of President Bush's basic training unit took a special interest in him as a trainee and wrote to his father to praise his son.    Bush's father, then a congressman from Texas, said in reply to the commander, "That a major general in the Air Force would take interest in a brand new Air Force trainee made a big impression on me."   Bush went on to say that his son "will be a gung ho member" of the Air Force and that Air Force instructors had "helped awaken the very best instincts in my son."   The letter and other material were the latest in a stream of documents released about Bush's service three decades ago during the Vietnam War, when Bush's critics say he got preferential treatment as the son of a congressman and U.N...	0
0	UK Economic Boom May Bolster Blair as Election Deadline Nears  UK Prime Minister Tony Blair, whose approval rating slumped because of his support for the Iraq war, may win an unprecedented third term as voters give him credit for an expanding economy and falling unemployment, polls show.	3
0	Challenges Face Mideast Leaders  (CBS/AP) Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Thursday that he would push ahead with a withdrawal from the Gaza Strip despite a stinging setback to the plan from his Likud Party.	4
0	Lynne Cheney Jokes About Kerry's Tan (AP)  AP - Something about Sen. John Kerry's darker appearance has caught Lynne Cheney's eye.	1
3	Whose Plan Is Better?  From jobs to taxes to health care, Bush and Kerry are making lots of promises. TIME crunches the numbers for you	0 1
0	Settlers plan campaign to reach a million homes  With its latest victory at the Likud Party convention under its belt, the settlement movement intends to deal Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan for unilateral separation its final blow in a door-to-door campaign that organizers say could reach one 	4
1	Bush seeks Canada #39;s cooperation on missile defense  Visiting US President George W. BushWednesday asked for Canada #39;s cooperation in the controversial US ballistic missile defense system.	0
0	Palestinian candidates register  Ramallah - The race to succeed the late Yasser Arafat as Palestinian leader formally kicked off on Saturday, with the opening of the registration period for potential presidential candidates.	2
2	More US struggles put Europs on cusp: Americans need repeat of <b>...</b>  President George W. Bush was a governor in 1999 when his reading of a William Travis letter from the besieged Alamo stirred the American Ryder Cup team into a frenzy 	0
1	Sharon heralds a new era of peace  DECLARING the occupation of one nation by another to be  quot;a horrible disaster for both peoples quot;, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said yesterday the coming year offered a historic opportunity for peace with the Palestinians.	4
1	Bush, Kerry sprint to the finish  IN MICHIGAN: Democratic presidential candidate US Sen. John Kerry, D-Mass., reacts to the crowd at a rally Monday at Joe Louis Arena in Detroit.	1
0	Follow West Wing Script on Mideast Peace  all too often innocents -ie daily. Reformers and warlords challenge Yasser Arafat as chaos and anarchy envelop the Palestinian Authority.	2
0	Bush Urges Putin Uphold Russian Democracy (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush on Wednesday urged Russian President Vladimir Putin to "uphold the principles of democracy" in a carefully worded message expressing concern about Putin's proposed political reforms.	0
0	Kerry Decries Bush Plan to Recall Troops (AP)  AP - John Kerry, telling fellow combat veterans he's their "true brother in arms," said Wednesday that President Bush's plan to withdraw U.S. troops from Europe and Asia would weaken U.S. security and embolden nuclear-armed North Korea.	0 1
1	A less kind, less gentle John Kerry  Washington -- Sen. John Kerry is condemning President Bush with sharper language and more pointed attacks as the campaign heads into its final six weeks, hoping to turn the 2004 election back into a referendum on the incumbent.	0 1
1	 #39;GEORGE BUSH NOW MORE THAN EVER #39;  President Bush must be given another four years in the White House to continue his determined war on terrorism, former New York Mayor Rudolph Giuliani said last night as the Republican 	0
1	W.House Announces Addition to Bush Family -- a Puppy  President Bush and the first lady are welcoming a new addition to the family: a Scottish terrier puppy named Miss Beazley. White House spokesman Scott McClellan said the puppy is Bush #39;s 	0
0	Sharon bid for coalition fails  TEL AVIV, Israel (CNN) -- Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Likud Party has rejected his request to form a new ruling coalition with the rival Labor Party to back his plan to withdraw unilaterally from Gaza and most of the West Bank. 	4
1	Singh asks Left to see US reality  The Hague, Nov. 7: India did not expect any hiccups in its relationship with the US after the re-election of George W. Bush to the presidency, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said here today.	0
1	Networks Storm New York for Bush's Bash   NEW YORK (Hollywood Reporter) - When the Republican  National Convention pulls into town next week, the networks  will be there to cover it not only from Madison Square Garden  but also from a nearby diner and Herald Square.	0
0	News Analysis: Arafat #39;s health shocks Mideast peace track  When ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat arrived at Paris Friday for medical treatment, his deteriorating health condition sent shockwave across the Middle East political arena.	2
0	Kerry Hints GOP May Suppress Black Votes  WASHINGTON - John Kerry suggested Saturday night that Republicans may try to keep black voters from casting their ballots to help President Bush win in November.   "We are not going to stand by and allow another million African American votes to go uncounted in this election," the Democratic presidential nominee told the Congressional Black Caucus...	0 1
1	Cheney gets help attacking Kerry  NEW YORK -- John Kerry came under the heaviest fire so far in his campaign to unseat President Bush on Wednesday, as fellow Democratic Sen. Zell Miller and Vice President Dick Cheney launched blistering and mocking attacks.	0 1
3	Facts on Stem Cells  This summer marks the third anniversary of President Bush #39;s announcement of his policy on stem cell research. In the intervening years, the subject has become a polarizing flash point for American politics and a focal point for the presidential campaign.	0
1	Kerry to Appear on Letterman on Monday (AP)  AP - Sen. John Kerry will probably avoid the "Will it Float?" routine but might opt to deliver the "Top 10 List" when he appears on the "The Late Show with David Letterman" on Monday.	1
1	Clinton: US choice  #39;profound #39;  Washington - Former US president Bill Clinton, who is due to return to the campaign trail on behalf of presidential hopeful John Kerry after major heart surgery, said on Sunday the choice between Kerry and George W Bush was  quot;profound quot;.	1
1	Pro-Kerry Balloon Lands in Central Park  NEW YORK - Two men were taken into custody Friday after illegally landing a hot-air balloon emblazoned with the names Kerry and Edwards in Central Park, police said.  Police said the men had permission to fly the balloon, but not to land it the park. 	1
0	Arafat reportedly breathing on his own  A top Palestinian official says Yasser Arafat is breathing on his own and  quot;his brain is not damaged. quot;. Conflicting reports have flown for the past day, after the Palestinian leader took 	2
0	Bush, Kerry Shifting to Economic Issues  ORLANDO, Fla. - President Bush and John Kerry, shifting away from the sharp debate over war and terrorism, return to bread-and-butter economic issues in campaign stops in two closely divided states...	0 1
1	Homeland Security Chief Ridge Resigns  Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge, who has headed President Bush #39;s efforts to build up domestic security following the Sept.	0
0	Premiers Renew Search for Elusive Ulster Deal  Prime Minister Tony Blair and his Irish counterpart Bertie Ahern meet today to try to find a way of breathing new life into the faltering efforts to restore devolution to Northern Ireland.	3
1	Arafat Medical Records Given to His Nephew  Yasser Arafat #39;s medical records give no clear cause of death but show that toxicology tests appeared to rule out poisoning, his nephew said Monday.	2
0	Notes and Quotes From Campaign 2004 (AP)  AP - Tony Bennett crooned his hopes for the presidential race, singing "The Best is Yet to Come" at a  #36;3 million fund-raiser for Democrat John Kerry.	1
0	Sharon Approves New Jewish Settlements in Palestine  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon gave the go ahead for a project tender that foresees the construction of 1,000 new Jewish settlements on Palestinian lands. 	4
0	No-Confidence Vote Planned Against Palestinian PM (Reuters)  Reuters - Lawmakers angered by the Palestinian leadership's failure to make reforms plan to force a parliamentary no-confidence vote that could bring down the government appointed by Yasser Arafat.	2
1	Sharon musters support for Gaza withdrawal  ELEANOR HALL: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon looks assured of winning crucial parliamentary approval for his controversial plan to pull Jewish settlers out of Gaza.	4
0	Intifada leader seeks Arafat job  Ten Palestinians are listed for a January poll to succeed Yasser Arafat, including a leader jailed for life by Israel.	2
0	Bush Stresses Security Credentials (AP)  AP - On the road and on the airwaves, President Bush is trying to paint this year's presidential race as a black-and-white decision for voters.	0
0	Bush Defends Record, Protesters Hit NY Streets (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush, on the road to next week's Republican convention, defended his economic record in hard-hit Ohio on Saturday as abortion-rights activists marched through New York City on the leading edge of a wave of anti-Bush protests.	0
0	Arafat not in coma, says top aide  France: Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is  quot;not unconscious and not in a coma, quot; his top aide Nabil Abu Rudeina told AFP on Thursday, amid swirling rumors about Arafat #39;s precarious health.	2
0	Blair arrives in Sudan for talks on Darfur (AFP)  AFP - British Prime Minister Tony Blair arrived in Sudan for talks with the country's leadership on how to resolve the humanitarian crisis in the country's war-torn western region of Darfur, an AFP reporter travelling with Blair said.	3
1	Bush Picks Deputy Treasury Secretary for Energy Post (Update1)  President George W. Bush nominated Samuel W. Bodman, currently deputy secretary of the Treasury Department, to be the new US energy secretary.	0
0	US welcomes Sharon victory in securing approval for Gaza pullout (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush and his Democratic rival John Kerry support Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's Gaza withdrawal plan, but neither has outlined a post-election strategy for for the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.	0 1 4
1	Iraq Takes Center Stage in Debate  President Bush and John F. Kerry clashed over the Iraq war Thursday night in an intense and substantive first debate, in which the Democratic 	0
0	Abbas calls for end to armed resistance  Jerusalem -- The front-runner in next month #39;s election to succeed Yasser Arafat as Palestinian leader said in an interview published Tuesday that the violence employed by Palestinians in their 4-year-old armed uprising was a mistake and that opposition to 	2
0	CARE worker pleads with Blair to save her  Margaret Hassan, a high-profile aid worker kidnapped in Iraq, tearfully pleaded with British Prime Minister Tony Blair to withdraw troops in a videotape that aired Friday on an Arabic television station.	3
3	Bush Signs  $145 Bln Corporate Tax Cut, Tobacco Buyout (Update1)  US President George W. Bush signed into law a bill replacing an export tax subsidy that violated international trade rules with a  $145 billion package of new corporate tax cuts and a buyout for tobacco farmers.	0
1	N.Korea not keen on 6-way nuclear talks  North Korea has said an early resumption of six-party talks on its nuclear arms programme will be difficult, and it wants to see how US President George W. Bush deals 	0
0	Arafat #39;s health worsens  Palestinian leader Yasir Arafat has been rushed to an intensive care unit at the Paris hospital where he is receiving treatment for a blood disorder, but his life is not in danger, his aides say.	2
3	Bush Picks Kellogg CEO for Commerce Post  President Bush, left, announces that he has chosen Carlos Gutierrez, chief executive officer of the Kellogg Co., right, to be Secretary of Commerce, Monday, Nov. 29, 2004, in the Roosevelt Room of the White House.	0
0	Blair to focus on election battle  Tony Blair will try to lift Labour's eyes towards the looming general election in his keynote conference speech.	3
1	Debate provides Bush and Kerry with fresh salvos  TAMPA -- Senator John F. Kerry and President Bush emerged from their first debate with new ammunition in the presidential race, each returning to the campaign trail yesterday with a message honed to seize on the other #39;s perceived failures during one of 	0 1
1	Snap poll shows Bush, Kerry tied in second debate  US President George W. Bush and Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry turn away from each other after their second debate at Washington University in St.	0 1
0	Bush win would mean victory over terror: Putin  MOSCOW (AFP) - Russian President Vladimir Putin said that a win by George W. Bush in the US election would mean victory over terror.	0
0	Blair: I'm not the wobbling sort  Tony Blair vows not to buckle to anti-war protests at Labour's conference and denies claims he considered quitting.	3
0	Palestinians Believe Arafat Was Poisoned: Poll  NABLUS, 22 November 2004 - More than 80 percent of Palestinians believe that veteran leader Yasser Arafat died as a result of poisoning and not from natural causes, a poll published yesterday revealed.	2
0	Bush to Stump in 8 States on Way to NYC (AP)  AP - Voters in eight battleground states will be getting a rolling preview of the Republican National Convention in New York City when some of its most prominent speakers join President Bush for a pre-convention campaign swing.	0
1	Shoulda Been Wes  Oon Monday, John Kerry gave what both his fans and his critics say was his best speech on Iraq and foreign policy so far. Basically, Kerry has decided that the Iraq war is a Vietnam-like mistake, that the 	1
0	Blair and Bush #39;s Mid East peace vow  President George Bush and Tony Blair have vowed to make a renewed push for Middle East peace following the death of Yasser Arafat.	0 2 3
0	Arafat #39;s deadly resume airbrushed  In the intense media coverage accompanying Yasser Arafat #39;s death, the man known to many as the  quot;father of modern terrorism quot; is benefiting from an  quot;extreme make-over, quot; as some news reports and 	2
1	Bush Plans for Second Term  One day after claiming a second term, President Bush gathered reporters to discuss his priorities for the next four years. According to the President, his domestic goals include making his tax cuts permanent 	0
0	UK hostage  #39;renews Blair appeal #39;  An Arabic-language news channel has broadcast a video of Kenneth Bigley, the British contractor kidnapped in Iraq two weeks ago, in which he urges UK Prime Minister Tony Blair to work for his release.	3
1	Cheney breaks rank on same-sex marriage  Waterford, Mich. -- Vice President Dick Cheney spelled out Tuesday his differences with President Bush on the volatile issue of gay marriage, while for the first time discussing the sexual orientation of his gay daughter in a public setting.	0
0	Bush Gains, but Not With Swing Voters (AP)  AP - President Bush has been gaining ground among overall voters as a leader and the man to fight terrorism, but swing voters have been less impressed, a tracking poll suggests.	0
0	Missing Explosives in Iraq Are Discussed by Bush and Kerry  John Kerry said the president was "dodging" on the missing explosives; Mr. Bush labeled his opponent's attacks as "wild."	0
0	Gay Advocates Examine Role in Election (AP)  AP - Gay and lesbian advocates have been doing some soul-searching since President Bush's election victory, wondering if same-sex wedding marches through San Francisco and Massachusetts tipped the scales to Republicans promising to restore traditional values.	0
0	Bush Record Suggests Two Presidencies (AP)  AP - When he steps up to accept his party's nomination for a second time, President Bush will present the record of not one but two presidencies: one before and another after Sept. 11, 2001.	0
1	Bush names Rice to replace Powell  WASHINGTON - President Bush this afternoon officially nominated Condoleezza Rice, his national security adviser and a longtime confidante, to replace Colin Powell as secretary of state.	0
0	Iran aide cites worse relations  NEW YORK -- Iran's foreign minister said yesterday his country's relations with the United States are about the worst ever, but he believes the upcoming US presidential election could open avenues for renewed dialogue, even if President Bush is reelected.	0
0	Bush Surveys Hurricane Damage in Florida  PENSACOLA, Fla. - President Bush got a firsthand look Sunday at homes shattered and residents left shell-shocked by Hurricane Ivan as he made his third campaign-season trip to Florida to assess storm damage...	0
0	Cheney, Edwards Resume Campaign in Fla.  CLEVELAND - Dick Cheney and John Edwards slugged it out over jobs, judgment and Iraq in a hard-hitting debate that set the stage for President Bush's speech Wednesday denouncing his Democratic rival's record on national security.    Their debate Tuesday night was largely a draw, moving the attention once again to their bosses in the second presidential showdown Friday night...	0
1	US jobless rate lowest in two years  The US economy added 144,000 jobs in August, dropping the unemployment rate to its lowest level in nearly two years and handing George W. Bush fresh ammunition to claim that life is getting better for Americans.	0
0	Neighbor nations seeking US cues  PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti -- A week after President Bush's reelection, the United States' closest neighbors are looking for signs of whether the next four years could bring better economic and political partnerships, or widen a perceived chasm with a region that is a significant exporter of oil, immigrants, and illegal drugs.	0
0	Russian President Turns on Washington Over Ukraine  The political crisis in Ukraine has touched off a fresh debate inside the White House and foreign policy offices over how President Bush should handle Russian President Vladimir Putin #39;s increasingly 	0
0	Prescott defends quake response  John Prescott stresses the UK's "quick response" to the tsunami disaster and defends Tony Blair's involvement.	3
0	Gandhi #39;s grandson talks nonviolence with Arafat  A grandson of Mohandas Gandhi took the legendary Indian leader #39;s doctrine of nonviolent resistance to the heart of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict on Thursday, pitching the pacifist creed to Yasser Arafat in his sandbagged 	2
0	 #39;Opposition #39; to Blair third term  Tony Blair reportedly faces growing opposition from elements within the Labour Party over his plan to serve a full third term as prime minister.	3
0	Sharon, with Party Backing, Invites Labour Into Govt (Reuters)  Reuters - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on Friday invited the opposition Labour Party to begin talks to form a unity government, a move that would avoid early elections and pave the way for a withdrawal from Gaza.	4
1	The second presidential debate of 2004 had some marked contrast to <b>...</b>  If the first debate between President Bush and Sen. John Kerry was marked by substance, and it was, then their second encounter in St.	0 1
0	Poll Finds Kerry Assured Voters in Initial Debate  But Senator John Kerry failed to shake the perception that he panders to voters in search of support, according to the latest New York Times/CBS News Poll.	1
1	President Musharraf is arriving in Britain Today  LONDON (UK): President General Pervez Musharraf arrives today to begin his 2-day first official visit to Britain and will have talks with British Prime Minister Tony Blair on wide-range of subjects tomorrow, Monday.	3
0	Sharon Orders Redeployment of Israeli Troops In Gaza  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has ordered a redeployment of Israeli troops, away from densely populated areas of the northern Gaza Strip.	4
0	Analysts: Peace at risk if Barghouti wins race  A day after jailed Palestinian leader Marwan Barghouti shocked his compatriots by announcing that he will run for president, many Palestinians denounced him yesterday for endangering unity and a smooth transition of power in the post-Yasser Arafat era.	2
3	Bush loses his chief economic adviser  PRESIDENT BUSHS post-election reshaping of the US Administration spread to his top-level economics team last night as the White House announced the departure of Stephen Friedman, its chief economics adviser.	0
1	Bush faces global critics at UN this week  WASHINGTON - Two years after he made a case against Iraq over unconventional weapons that were never found, US President George W. Bush faces global critics at the United Nations this week to argue it is essential that war-ravaged Iraq become a stable 	0
0	A curse on Sharon  The way his enemies and even his allies are talking, youd think that Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon had suggested giving the country back to the Arabs.	4
3	Energy Secretary Abraham Plans to Resign   WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Energy Secretary Spencer   Abraham has told President Bush that he plans to resign but  will stay on until a successor is in place, an administration  official said on Monday.  	0
0	Labour delegates force Iraq vote  Labour delegates have forced a debate and vote on Britain #39;s role in Iraq hours after Tony Blair said he would not apologise for the war.	3
0	Palestinian Doctors: Arafat Going to Paris  RAMALLAH, West Bank - Palestinian officials prepared to move the ailing Yasser Arafat (search) out of his sandbagged headquarters to a hospital in Paris Thursday as associates described a Palestinian leader who was too weak to stand, appeared confused 	2
0	Bush Predicted No Iraq Casualties, Robertson Says  The Rev. Pat Robertson said President Bush dismissed his warning that the United States would suffer heavy casualties in Iraq and told the television evangelist just before the beginning of the war that "we're not going to have any casualties."	0
0	Europe leverage seems limited in Mideast  As the Palestinians #39; main donor and Israel #39;s top commercial partner, Europe could be a major player in pushing to restart the stalled Middle East peace process in the post-Yasser Arafat era.	2
0	ARAFAT SPECIAL: World mourns Arafat, appeals for ME peace  LONDON: Thousands of Palestinians poured onto the streets to mourn Yasser Arafat on Thursday while world leaders praised him as an icon of his people whose death could nonetheless pave the way for a new Middle East peace drive.	2
0	Arafat in Serious Condition, Foreign Medics Summoned   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian leader Yasser  Arafat is in a very serious condition but was able to take part  in Muslim morning prayers on Thursday, officials said, as a  team of foreign doctors rushed to his headquarters.	2
1	Bush nominating Leavitt to head HHS  President Bush chose Environmental Protection Agency chief Michael Leavitt on Monday to be secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services, filling one of the last two openings in his second term Cabinet.	0
1	Crawford, Texas, Newspaper Endorses Kerry  CRAWFORD, Texas - A tiny weekly newspaper that bills itself as President Bush's hometown paper has endorsed John Kerry for president, saying the Massachusetts senator will restore American dignity.    The Lone Star Iconoclast, which has a weekly circulation of 425, said in an editorial dated Sept...	0 1
3	What candidates aren #39;t discussing  Too many important policy issues are unlikely to be addressed by major party candidates in this year #39;s presidential campaign. As of the recent Republican Convention, Sen. John Kerry 	1
0	Bush Targets Key States Ahead of RNC (AP)  AP - Busing through western Ohio, where jobs have been slow to come back in the economic recovery, President Bush told rural audiences on Saturday that he would work to open foreign markets to U.S. crops and factory goods.	0
0	Rightist Party Threatens to Bolt Israeli Gov't   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - A rightist religious party voted on  Monday to quit Israel's ruling coalition if parliament approves  a withdrawal from Gaza or a bill to compensate settlers whom  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon intends to evacuate.	4
0	Israel to step up quick response system to combat rocket attacks <b>...</b>  Israel intends to step up a quick reaction system to combat Palestinian rocket attacks at Israeli targets, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon told the cabinet Sunday.	4
0	 #39;Batman #39; Scales Buckingham Palace in Fathers #39; Protest  A campaigner dressed as Batman, from the fathers #39; rights group that pelted Prime Minister Tony Blair with flour-filled condoms, staged a dramatic protest on a Buckingham Palace balcony Monday.	3
0	After the  #39;Road Map #39;  What Ariel Sharon has been indicating for months is now stated Israeli policy: The US-drawn  quot;road map quot; to a Palestinian state is locked in the glove compartment - along with other failed peace plans.	4
0	EU to Bush: You Need Us to Solve World Problems   BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union urged re-elected  President Bush on Friday to make a fresh start in transatlantic  cooperation, but internal EU differences over ties with  Washington refused to die down.	0
1	White House: CBS apology raises more questions  CBS has acknowledged it can #39;t vouch for documents used in a story questioning President Bush #39;s National Guard service. The network says a former Texas Air National Guard official who was 	0
1	Day to disagree on health, science  President George W. Bush and Sen. John Kerry veered away from campaign combat over Iraq and terror yesterday, trading insults on health care, medical liability and stem cell research during stops in crucial swing states.	0 1
1	UK welcomes UN report into future challenges  British Prime Minister Tony Blair on Wednesday welcomed the publication of a United Nations-commissioned report into threats to international peace and security in the 21st century 	3
0	Blair Delivers Crucial Party Speech Under Iraq Cloud   BRIGHTON, England (Reuters) - Britain's Tony Blair faces  one of the trickiest speeches of his career on Tuesday, seeking  to win back his Labour Party after rifts over Iraq and spell  out new policies to set up next year's re-election bid.	3
1	Gaze pullout row far from settled  TALKS between Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and settlers opposed to his Gaza pullout plan ended in acrimony yesterday amid warnings the country could face civil war.	4
3	Bush Says Social Security Plan Would Reassure Markets  President Bush continued to lay the groundwork for a strong effort by the White House to overhaul Social Security.	0
0	Abu Mazin escapes assassination attempt in Gaza  Mahmoud Abbas, Abu Mazin, has escaped a failed assassination attempt on Sunday evening after three gunmen broke into the tent where condolences are offered for the late Palestinian President Yasser Arafat in Gaza and chanted slogans deploring Abbas and 	2
0	Bush Taps Three for Inaugural Fund-Raising (AP)  AP - President Bush has recruited his re-election campaign's fund-raising chief and two of his other top political money men to collect millions of dollars for January inaugural festivities.	0
0	Blair ultimatum on peace talks  Tony Blair has delivered an ultimatum to all sides in the Northern Ireland peace talks - this is decision time. As the Prime Minister and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern began a critical bid to restore the power 	3
1	Mary Cheney, say something  The Bush and Kerry girls are on the campaign trail, telling family tales aimed at giving us a glimpse of the private men - the fathers -ighting for the White House.	1
1	Bush Faces Global Critics at UN This Week  Two years after he made a case against Iraq over unconventional weapons that were never found, President Bush faces global critics at the United Nations this week to 	0
0	Sharon Rebuffs Rebels Over Gaza Pullout  JERUSALEM Aug. 18, 2004  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on Wednesday rebuffed rebellious members of his own Likud Party and signaled he would seek an alliance with the opposition Labor to gain support for his plan for pulling out of the Gaza Strip. 	4
0	Powell expected to ask Israel not to interfere in PA elections  During meetings Monday with Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom, US Secretary of State Colin Powell is expected to ask Israel not to disrupt the January 9 elections in the Palestinian Authority.	4
1	Gunfire Erupts Near Arafat Memorial  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip -- Officials said two security guards were killed and six other people wounded Saturday in the Gaza Strip after gunmen opened fire in a mourning tent set up for Yasser Arafat.	2
1	Health of Arafat to shake up Mideast  The planned departure today of the ailing Yasser Arafat from his battered compound -- a decade after he arrived in the West Bank with the promise of Palestinian nationhood -- could mark the end of an era.	2
0	Cleric Rushes to See Arafat; Burial Plans Proceed   PARIS (Reuters) - A top Muslim cleric rushed to Yasser  Arafat's hospital bedside on Wednesday, insisting the veteran  Palestinian leader was still alive even as aides arranged for  his burial and prepared for a transfer of power.	2
0	Kerry: Bush Broke Promises on Path to War (AP)  AP - John Kerry, at the site where President Bush described Iraq as a threat to the United States, was arguing the president left a trail of broken promises on the path to war and squandered money that could be put to better use at home.	0 1
0	Arafat's Condition Critical, Leaders Urge Unity   PARIS (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat was in a critical condition  in a French hospital on Saturday and Hamas militants in Gaza  said there was an urgent need for unity among Palestinian  leaders.	2
2	Kerry claims victory on football loss  SENATOR John Kerry has declared victory in the US presidential election, staking his claim on a historical quirk linking past White House races and the Washington Redskins football team.	1
1	Fatah members abroad summoned back due to Arafat #39;s illness: paper  Palestinian leadership has asked all the members of Yasser Arafat #39;s Fatah faction living abroad to return to Ramallah due to Arafat #39;s illness, Palestinian Communications Minister 	2
1	Loss of Powell to affect Cabinet  While it is common for senior officials to leave office at the end of a presidential term, Secretary of State Colin Powell #39;s resignation could seriously affect the makeup of President Bush #39;s Cabinet.	0
0	Bush, Kerry Economic Budgets Exceed  $1T  WASHINGTON - President Bush and Democratic Sen. John Kerry have starkly different economic priorities with a common thread: price tags exceeding  $1 trillion that could pump already huge deficits skyward over the next decade...	0 1
1	Bush, Kerry set for second debate on foreign, domestic issues  US President George W. Bush and Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry will meet on Friday night in their second of three debates, on foreign and domestic issues, following 	0 1
0	Bush makes 40th election visit to key state (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush staged his 40th visit to the battleground state of Pennsylvania since the start of the US election campaign.	0
1	Bush back in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Florida  President George Bush is heading back to the front lines of the campaign battlefield, with visits Friday to Pennsylvania, Ohio and Florida.	0
3	Exit Poll Talk Hits the Stock Market  Blue chips fell on Tuesday in a sharp reversal that trimmed gains in other indexes as Internet sites suggested exit polls had Sen. John Kerry ahead of President Bush in key states in the US presidential election.	0 1
0	Dems Oppose Plan to Air Anti-Kerry Film (AP)  AP - The Democratic Party and 18 senators are objecting to a broadcasting company's plan to air on 62 TV stations a critical documentary about John Kerry's anti-war activities after he returned home from Vietnam three decades ago.	1
0	China Lashes Out at Bush Foreign Policy on Eve of US Election  On the eve of the US presidential election, China has accused President Bush of trying to rule the world and says the Iraq war has made global terrorism and ethnic conflicts worse.	0
3	Bush Wants to Raise Middle-Class Taxes?  (CNSNews.com) - The Kerry-Edwards campaign says George W. Bush -- a president who #39;s made cutting taxes a priority -- wants to raise taxes on middle-class families. 	0
0	Polls Suggest a Double-Digit Bush Lead (AP)  AP - President Bush and John Kerry battled over the economy and jobs in a small corner of the campaign's most fiercely contested state Saturday as polls showed a post-convention surge for the Republican in the White House.	0 1
0	Israel Holds Out Prospect of Gaza Coordination   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel held out the prospect on  Monday of coordinating a planned unilateral Gaza pullout with  the Palestinians if a new leadership succeeding Yasser Arafat  cracked down on militants.	2
0	Arafat death: French minister says no reason to suspect poisoning (AFP)  AFP - French Health Minister Philippe Douste-Blazy said that there was no reason to suspect poisoning in the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat in a Paris hospital last week, in response to a question during a French radio interview.	2
0	Kerry: Bush Lets Groups Do 'Dirty Work'  BOSTON - John Kerry fought back Thursday against campaign allegations that he exaggerated his combat record in Vietnam, accusing President Bush of using a Republican front group "to do his dirty work" and challenging Bush to debate their wartime service records.   "Well, if he wants to have a debate about our service in Vietnam, here is my answer: Bring it on," said the Democratic presidential candidate, reviving an old war and campaign slogan amid strong urging from party leaders for him to respond to two-week-old GOP assertions...	0 1
1	FedEx, New York Life Press Bush on Trade as China #39;s Power Grows  US companies such as FedEx Corp. and New York Life Insurance Co. are pleading with President George W. Bush to start discussions on a Pacific Rim free-trade bloc as he heads to this weekend #39;s regional economic summit.	0
0	Plenty of Flaws Among the Facts  President Bush and Sen. John F. Kerry disagreed vigorously last night as they tossed out plenty of numbers, and both demonstrated a talent for relying on facts and assertions of questionable origin.	0
0	House Backs  #36;800 Billion Debt Limit Increase (Reuters)  Reuters - The U.S. House of Representatives on Thursday voted to increase the federal credit limit by  #36;800 billion to  #36;8.184 trillion, a move that will allow the measure to be sent to President Bush for signing into law.	0
1	Bush  #39;to ease Libya sanctions #39;  US President George W. Bush had decided to lift sanctions against Libya in a move expected to trigger the release of more than  $US1 billion ( $1.	0
0	Israel split over settlement retreat  Ariel Sharon, the Israeli Prime Minister, will today seek approval by the Israeli parliament for parts of his plan to withdraw from Jewish settlements in the Gaza Strip and northern West Bank.	4
1	Mandate or split decision?  Speaking the same morning, Kerry pollster Stan Greenberg rejected the notion of a ringing public endorsement of the Bush agenda, saying,  quot;The country was not looking for a conservative president and a conservative regime.	1
0	Poll: Kerry Gaining Among Swing Voters (AP)  AP - Democratic Sen. John Kerry gained some ground on President Bush among swing voters in the last month, with several citing the presidential debates as a factor in their shift, according to a poll released Wednesday.	0 1
0	Israeli parliament set to approve Gaza pullout  Israel #39;s divided parliament is widely expected to ratify Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Gaza withdrawal plan today, a crucial step towards the first evacuation of settlers from lands Palestinians want for a state.	4
1	Cabinet faces big shake-up  President Bush will begin his second term with a Cabinet shake-up that will replace his top advisers. RON EDMONDS/The Associated Press - President Bush meets with his Cabinet on 	0
0	Plus ca change?  Suha Arafat #39;s rant against leaders of the Palestinian Authority and Yasser Arafat #39;s heirs apparent earlier in the week was revealing in many ways.	2
1	Ted Kennedy: Kerry must define plans  Sen. Edward M. Kennedy related, bio yesterday assessed the first presidential debate as enormous #39; #39; in impact and said Sen. John F. Kerry related, bio must move beyond attack 	1
0	CBS News Apologizes Over Bush Guard Story  NEW YORK - CBS News apologized Monday for a "mistake in judgment" in its story questioning President Bush's National Guard service, claiming it was misled by the source of documents that several experts have dismissed as fakes.    The network said it would appoint an independent panel to look at its reporting about the memos...	0
0	Kerry comrade breaks war silence  A US officer who fought alongside presidential candidate John Kerry in  Vietnam condemns his critics.	1
0	Death of Iraq hostage to fuel anger with Blair  The beheading of British hostage Kenneth Bigley in Iraq could fuel public and political anger against Tony Blair over a war that split the country and his party, analysts say.	3
0	Theater of the Absurd: Will  #39;Down Under #39; Help Take Bush under?  LOS ANGELES -- It #39;s not the longest-running war in the world by any means -- there #39;s Sudan and there #39;s, well, it #39;s a substantial list.	0
1	Kerry And Bush Focus On Wisconsin  GREEN BAY, Wis. (CBS) John Kerry appealed to voters to elect a president - namely, him -ho will  quot;trust you with the truth, quot; and quickened the pace of a campaign now in its final week.	1
0	ISRAEL * PALESTINE * ARAFAT * DEBATES  TEL AVIV, November 7 (RIA Novosti) - Yasser Arafat, Palestinian Authority leader, is badly ill in a French hospital. Debates where to bury him are already raging in the Israeli political community, meanwhile.	2
1	Bush outlines second-term agenda  US President George W Bush has outlined plans for his next four years in office. The White House claimed Mr Bush #39;s re-election gave him a second-term mandate for his agenda to keep taxes low and revamp social security.	0
3	Blair delays pensions move until after poll  Tony Blair promised yesterday to seek a national consensus on radical reform to tackle Britain #39;s pensions crisis but shelved the crucial decisions until after the general election.	3
0	Palestinians Head to Paris to Probe Arafat's Death (Reuters)  Reuters - Palestinian leaders plan to send a delegation to Paris to seek details on what caused the death of President Yasser Arafat last week at a French hospital, officials said on Wednesday.	2
0	N. Ireland deal hinges on IRA disarmament  BELFAST (AFP) - British and Irish Prime Ministers Tony Blair and Bertie Ahern were preparing to head to Belfast, hopeful of a breakthrough in the protracted deadlock over power-sharing in Northern Ireland.	3
0	Blair challenged by British hostage saga  TONY JONES: The ongoing saga of a British hostage held in Iraq is proving to be a real political challenge for Tony Blair. The family of Ken Bigley has attacked the Prime Minister for doing nothing, while Mr Bigley faces death.	3
1	Bush hails Colombia #39;s efforts against drug trade  President Bush heaped praise Monday on Colombia #39;s government for battling drug gangs and corruption and said he will ask Congress to renew a US aid package next year.	0
1	Above the Cut: A nation pitted against itself  George W. Bush ran for president in 2000 as a  quot;compassionate conservative. quot; He promised to be a uniter, not a divider. Four years later, we know he has been neither compassionate nor conservative 	0
1	Bush Honors 3 Ex-Officials Instrumental to Iraq Policy  President Bush awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom today to three men who he said had  quot;made our country more secure and advanced the cause of human liberty quot;: Gen.	0
0	Prisoner swap may aid Mideast peace process  In a series of dramatic steps capped Sunday by a high-profile prisoner swap, Israel and Egypt are moving rapidly to improve relations, seizing the opportunity for a Mideast peace deal presented by Yasser Arafat #39;s death.	2
0	Bush Ends Post-Election Strategy Session (AP)  AP - Assured of four more years in office, President Bush returns the White House after four days pondering his second term at Camp David.	0
1	Bush and Blair Put Mideast and US-Europe Ties Atop Agenda  President Bush and Prime Minister Tony Blair of Britain vowed today to work together for the creation of a stable, democratic Palestinian state and to shore up the frayed 	0 3
1	News on a committee to succeed Arafat denied, vagueness over his <b>...</b>  News was contradictory over the Palestinian President Yasser Arafat formation of a tripartite committee as a precaution for any emergency because of his deteriorated health condition which is vague.	2
1	Democrat Kerry  #39;in top health #39;  DEMOCRATIC presidential candidate John Kerry is in robust health, despite a cancer operation last year and a hectic campaign schedule, The New York Times reported today after interviewing the senator #39;s doctors.	1
0	Sharon seeks to expand coalition  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said today he planned to replace his minority government with a broad coalition to push through his Gaza withdrawal plan and promised not to launch attacks on Palestinians unless provoked during 	4
3	For Some, It Meant Relief and More  There was celebration on Wall Street and Main Street -- and K Street, too -- as President Bush won reelection and Republicans increased their majorities in both houses of Congress.	0
0	PA blames Israel, US for Taba blasts  Yasser Arafat #39;s Palestinian Authority blamed Israel and the United States for the three bombings in Taba, Egypt, which killed 30 people.	2
1	France Hands Over Arafat Medical File To Widow  Paris, Nov. 20 (NNN) : France has handed over medical records of the late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat to his widow. Suha Arafat obtained the file from the Percy military hospital in Paris, where her husband 	2
0	Key facts: Yasser Arafat  -- The 75-year-old former guerrilla leader is beloved by most Palestinians as the icon of their struggle for statehood with both the gun and the olive branch over four decades.	2
1	Bush names campaign manager to head GOP  WASHINGTON A graduate of Franklin and Marshall College in Lancaster (Pennsylvania) is President Bush #39;s choice to head the Republican Party.	0
0	Blair comes out fighting  Tony Blair today urged Labour to unite behind a radical third-term agenda as he sought to heal party wounds over Iraq. The Prime Minister said that he realized the war in Iraq had divided 	3
0	Notes, Quotes From Michigan Campaign (AP)  AP - John Kerry thought he had Michigan's 17 electoral votes sewed up until polls showed his plans on the verge of unraveling.	1
0	US Seeks Clarification From China on Election-Eve Criticism  An unprecedented election-eve attack on Bush administration policies by a senior figure in the Chinese government suggested that, despite undeniable 	0
1	Bush and Edwards zero in on S. Florida  A weekend of frenzied campaigning in South Florida began on Saturday as both Republican and Democratic presidential campaigns sought to fire up supporters for the beginning of early voting and 	0
3	President Bush signs new corporate tax-cut bill  US President George W. President Bush signed on Friday a new corporate tax bill which will shower 136 billion dollars on US businesses, farmers and other groups in coming years.	0
0	Arafat's No. 2 Is Set to Assume Palestinian Leadership  Mahmoud Abbas is studious, gracious, pragmatic and opposed to terrorism. He is also tough enough to have been Yasir Arafat's No. 2 for many years in the Palestine Liberation Organization.	2
0	Caricom, Bush and Arafat  By rickey singh. SOME of our Caribbean Community Heads of Government as well as the Community Secretariat may well have reflected, in their condolence messages, the admiration of the peoples of the Caribbean 	0 2
1	Arafat #39;s immediate successor a moderate  Rauhi Fattouh, the man chosen as Yasser Arafat #39;s immediate successor as Palestinian Authority president, is a 55-year-old moderate who only became parliament speaker six months ago.	2
1	Arafat May Be Suffering From Leukemia  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat greets wellwishers prior to his departure from the West Bank town of Ramallah in this picture released by the Palestinian Authority Friday Oct. 29, 2004.	2
1	Aides say Arafat in charge  Palestinian President Yasser Arafat is gradually recovering from serious illness after a weekend of treatment and tests at a French military hospital.	2
3	Without fanfare, Bush OKs corporate tax cuts  Without fanfare, President George W. Bush signed into law on Friday a nearly  $140 billion corporate tax cut bill derided by both Democratic presidential rival John Kerry and Republican Sen.	0 1
1	The second presidential debate of 2004 had some marked contrast to <b>...</b>  If the first debate between President Bush and Sen. John Kerry was marked by substance, and it was, then their second encounter in St.	0 1
0	Party rebellion imperils Gaza plan  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s rebellious Likud party has dealt a severe setback to his plan to withdraw from occupied Gaza by voting to bar him from forging a coalition with the Labour opposition. 	4
0	Arafat Admits Palestinians Made Mistakes  RAMALLAH, West Bank - Yasser Arafat acknowledged Wednesday that the Palestinian Authority had made "mistakes," but the rare admission appeared to be aimed more at deflecting criticism about his corrupt government than making real changes.    In a decade at the helm of the Palestinian Authority, Arafat has resisted attempts to get him to fight official corruption, reform the security services and relinquish some of his near-absolute powers...	2
1	Bush Honors Three with Medal of Freedom  US President George W. Bush (news - web sites) awards the Presidential Medal of Freedom to former CIA (news - web sites) Director George Tenet in a ceremony in the East Room of the White House, December 14, 2004.	0
1	Kerry forgoes Ohio challenge, concedes race  President Bush celebrated his re-election Wednesday by outlining an ambitious second-term agenda and telling Sen. John Kerry #39;s backers:  quot;I will need your support, and I will work to earn it.	0 1
0	South Asia mourns Arafat's death  The death of Yasser Arafat is being mourned across a region which has historically supported his struggle.	2
0	Bush, Kerry Health Care Plans Differ (AP)  AP - Although a raucous debate over national security has dominated the presidential campaign, President Bush and Democratic rival John Kerry differ even more sharply on how to provide better health care to more Americans.	0 1
3	Kellogg appoints Jenness CEO after Gutierrez resigns to join <b>...</b>  DETROIT - President Bush #39;s choice of Kellogg chief executive Carlos Gutierrez as commerce secretary leaves the cereal and snack giant without the dynamic leader who has guided its remarkable turnaround.	0
0	Democrats Say Bush Lied on Guard Service  WASHINGTON - Democrats pounced on the latest revelations about President Bush's Air National Guard service Wednesday, saying newly released records show Bush shirked his duty and lied about it.    Bush's spokesmen said the records back up the president's assertion that he fulfilled all of his Vietnam-era military obligations and served honorably...	0
0	Hamas Signals Challenge to Unseat Arafat  RAMALLAH, West Bank - Palestinians marked the fourth anniversary of their uprising Tuesday amid signs that the extremist Hamas group is preparing a political challenge to Yasser Arafat despite a series of Israeli military blows at the movement's leadership.    Hamas published newspaper ads urging supporters to vote in upcoming municipal elections, saying "it's time for change." And a top Hamas leader indicated the group might try to unseat Arafat in presidential elections, which have not yet been scheduled...	2
1	Kerry Says Iraq Fight Diversion #39; From War on Terror (Update1)  Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry said President George W. Bush #39;s decision to attack Iraq will make it harder to win the war against the terrorist network behind the Sept.	0 1
0	Blair Undergoes Heart Surgery  Doctors successfully completed a heart procedure Friday on British Prime Minister Tony Blair, who has been suffering from palpitations, Sky News reported.	3
1	Bush and Kerry Tied in National Surveys by CBS News and Zogby  President George W. Bush and John Kerry are tied in a CBS News poll and a Reuters/Zogby survey as they head into tomorrow #39;s final debate.	0 1
0	AP: Fund-Raisers Trade With Iran, Iraq (AP)  AP - More than two dozen top fund-raisers for President Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry are current or former senior managers of companies punished for trading with Iran or Saddam Hussein's Iraq  #151; including the chairman of Bush's Homeland Security Advisory Committee and Kerry's fund-raising chairman.	0 1
1	Students engage in classroom politics  About 10 Hudson #39;s Bay High School seniors recently huddled around a classroom table tossing out ideas about President Bush and the war in Iraq.	0
0	Bush Accuses Kerry of Harming Iraq Alliance (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush on Friday accused Sen. John Kerry of attacking the credibility of Iraq's leader and branded his Democratic rival unfit to lead America.	0 1
1	12/12/04 CLEMENTS; The incompetence of Donald Rumsfeld  voluntary and unduly compelled -rom President Bush #39;s administration after the election did not include Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld.	0
1	Bush Appoints Bodman to Energy Department  US President George W. Bush has appointed the Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, Sam Bodman, Secretary of Energy. The 66-year-old Bodman will replace Spencer Abraham, who resigned from the position.	0
0	Jailed Leader to Run for Arafat's Job (AP)  AP - Marwan Barghouti, a fiery Palestinian leader serving multiple life terms in an Israeli prison, indicated Thursday that he is running for Yasser Arafat's position as head of the Palestinian Authority, defying the traditional leadership and scrambling the political picture ahead of the Jan. 9 election.	2
1	Sharon #39;s office says PM #39;s talks with Straw postpone  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s office said his talks with visiting British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw on Wednesday afternoon was postponed because of a sore throat Sharon was suffering.	4
0	In Party Speech, Blair Admits Political Cost of Iraq Mistakes  Prime Minister Tony Blair acknowledged today that there had been a decline of public trust in his government over the military campaign in Iraq and he offered 	3
0	Kenesset approves Sharon #39;s withdrawal plan  The Israeli Knesset Tuesday approved Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to move Israeli settlers out of Gaza by a 67-45 vote, with seven abstentions.	4
0	Bush, Kerry Clash on State of Economy  AKRON, Ohio - President Bush and John Kerry battled over the economy and jobs in a small corner of the campaign's most fiercely contested state Saturday as polls showed a post-convention surge for the Republican in the White House.    With little more than eight weeks remaining to Election Day, a Newsweek survey gave the president a lead of 52-41 over Kerry, with independent Ralph Nader at 3 percent...	0 1
0	Arafat refuses to sign anti-corruption legislation  Ramallah (AsiaNews/Agencies) - Yasser Arafat refused to sign anti-corruption legislation as demanded by Palestinian law-makers. In a long and tense speech to the Palestinian Legislative Council (PLC), the 	2
1	In Indiana Race, Bush #39;s Budget Blade Becomes  #39;My Man Mitch #39;  President Bush admiringly called him  quot;the Blade, quot; for the gleam in his budget-cutting eye. Sen. Robert C. Byrd (DW.Va.) blasted him as  quot;little Caesar.	0
3	Bush Signs  $136B Corporate Tax Cut Bill  President Bush delivers a speech during a rally in the Wacovia Arena at Casey Plaza in Wilkes-barre, Pa., Friday, Oct. 22, 2004. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster).	0
0	Economy, Terror Frame Bush-Kerry Debate  ST. LOUIS - A lackluster unemployment report, troubling terrorism developments and fresh questions about President Bush's rationale for invading Iraq frame the second face-to-face encounter Friday night between Bush and John Kerry...	0 1
0	New polls show presidential race tightening (AFP)  AFP - Fresh polls showed the bitter and volatile presidential race between George W. Bush and John Kerry back to a dead heat as the two candidates stepped up their war of words over Iraq.	0 1
0	'American Taliban' Seeks Commuted Sentence  SAN FRANCISCO - John Walker Lindh asked President Bush on Tuesday to commute his 20-year prison sentence for aiding the Taliban. His lawyer, James Brosnahan, said that Lindh was fighting alongside the Taliban in a civil war against the Northern Alliance, that he is not a terrorist and that he never fought against U.S...	0
1	Blair to undergo heart treatment in hospital  Prime Minister Tony Blair is due to go into hospital for treatment to correct an irregular heartbeat, Downing Street has said. Mr Blair, 51, will be sedated during the non-invasive two-and-a-half hour procedure, called a catheter ablation.	3
0	Arafat ally Rajab seriously hurt in ambush  Palestinian intelligence chief Tareq Abu Rajab was seriously wounded in the chest in an ambush by gunmen today. Two of his bodyguards were killed in the attack on his convoy, Palestinian officials said.	2
1	President: no regrets about Iraq  Storming the three top battleground states in a single day, President Bush said Friday that he has no regrets about taking the nation to war in Iraq and challenged his opponent #39;s strength and resolve to win it.	0
1	Congress Sends Bush Tax Cut Bill, Victory  WASHINGTON Sept. 24, 2004 - Legislation extending three popular middle-class tax cuts for the rest of the decade sailed through Congress by lopsided votes in both the House and Senate, giving President Bush 	0
0	Bush Announces Plan for Troop Realignment (AP)  AP - President Bush's plan to restructure U.S. military forces abroad includes bringing two Army divisions home from Cold War-era bases in Germany, and increasing the U.S. presence at bases in countries like Poland, Romania and Uzbekistan, Pentagon officials said Monday.	0
0	Chilean police, students clash in run-up to Asia-Pacific summit  SANTIAGO (AFP) - Chilean anti-riot forces fired tear gas and water cannon at student protesters, three days before President George W. Bush #39;s arrival for a weekend Asia-Pacific summit.	0
0	AP Poll: Kerry Holds Small Lead Over Bush  WASHINGTON - Sen. John Kerry has taken a slim lead over President Bush, according to an Associated Press poll that shows the president's support tumbling on personal qualities, the war in Iraq and the commander in chief's bedrock campaign issue - national security...	0 1
1	Brazil's Singing Minister Disowns 'Die, Bush' Call (Reuters)  Reuters - Brazil's culture minister and singing superstar Gilberto Gil is not calling for the death of President Bush, whatever concert-goers might have thought.	0
0	ARAFAT OUT OF DANGER: OFFICIALS  The head of the Palestinian president #39;s office, Tayeb Abdelrahim, says leader Yasser Arafat isn #39;t in a coma and his life is not in danger.	2
0	Kerry Steps Up Attack on Bush's Economic Record (Reuters)  Reuters - John Kerry, stepping up his attack on President Bush after bad news about the economy, said Saturday the country cannot afford another four years of lost jobs, slow growth and creeping poverty.	0 1
0	Arafat: A Costly US, Israeli Failure  I must start by thanking the French government and people for honoring President Yasser Arafat who spent his last days in their hospitality.	2
1	Blair heart procedure a success, says hospital  The procedure to correct a heart  quot;flutter quot; plaguing British Prime Minister Tony Blair was a success and he is at home recovering, the hospital treating him said Friday.	3
0	Bush Social Security Plan Faces Obstacles (AP)  AP - President Bush will confront formidable hurdles in Congress as he pursues an overhaul of Social Security, the New Deal program known as the untouchable, third rail of politics. Add soaring budget deficits to the debate, and his effort becomes even more difficult.	0
1	Rice to lead new era of US foreign policy  An new era of uncompromising and perhaps harder line US foreign policy dawned yesterday as President Bush formally nominated Condoleezza Rice as his new Secretary of State, and promoted her former deputy, Stephen Hadley, to be national security adviser at 	0
0	Cabinet OKs Payment to Jewish Settlers  JERUSALEM - Israeli Cabinet ministers approved cash advances Tuesday of up to  $115,000 to Jewish settlers willing to leave their homes in the Gaza Strip and West Bank - the first concrete step toward carrying out Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's contentious pullout plan.    In a sign of growing tensions, Israeli police said Sharon and an official planning the withdrawal have been the targets of death threats by Jewish extremists...	4
0	Bomb found near Blair #39;s holiday home  POLICE defused a bomb yesterday in a Sardinian coastal town near where Tony Blair had been enjoying the hospitality of the Italian premier, Silvio Berlusconi, only hours earlier. 	3
0	Bush Raises Questions About CBS Documents (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush questioned the authenticity of documents aired by CBS News that said he received special treatment during his Vietnam-era service in the National Guard, according to a Bush interview published on Saturday.	0
1	Egypt Holds Arafat #39;s Funeral; Bush Discusses Mideast (Update1)  Egypt is holding a military funeral today for Yasser Arafat as US President George W. Bush and UK Prime Minister Tony Blair discuss the status of the Middle East peace process after the Palestinian leader #39;s death.	0 2 3
0	Blair outlines  #39;immense and powerful #39; moral case for helping <b>...</b>  ADDIS ABABA, Oct 7 (AFP) -- British Prime Minister Tony Blair issued a clarion call Thursday for the world to help Africa free itself from poverty, disease and conflict, describing his personal crusade for the continent as  quot;the one noble cause worth 	3
0	U.S. lost moral leadership under George W. Bush, says ex-candidate Dean (Canadian Press)  Canadian Press - MONTREAL (CP) - The United States under George W. Bush has lost its moral leadership and disrespected allies including Canada, ex-Democratic candidate Howard Dean said Tuesday.	0
1	Campaign Notebook Candidates make appearances in Florida, Ohio  DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. - From the South and the Midwest, President Bush and Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry yesterday traded barbs and aggressively questioned the other #39;s qualifications to be president.	0 1
1	Bush, Kerry trade shots on missing weapons  Addressing a growing campaign controversy, President George W. Bush suggested Wednesday that a missing cache of Iraqi explosives may have vanished before last year #39;s US invasion 	0 1
0	Poll: GIs, Families Trust Bush Over Kerry (AP)  AP - When asked whom they would trust as commander in chief, people in military service and their families chose President Bush over Sen. John Kerry, a decorated Vietnam veteran, by almost a 3-to-1 margin.	0 1
0	AP-Ipsos Election Poll Questions (AP)  AP - The Associated Press-Ipsos poll on the election results and President Bush's second term is based on telephone interviews with 1,000 adults, including 844 registered voters from all states except Alaska and Hawaii. The interviews were conducted Nov. 3-5 by Ipsos-Public Affairs.	0
0	Arafat for France, chaos spectre over Palestinians  Ramallah (West Bank) Oct. 28 (Reuters): Ailing leader Yasser Arafat, the icon of the struggle for a Palestinian state, has agreed to be flown to France tomorrow for medical treatment, Palestinian officials said.	2
0	Pakistani president denounces war on terror  Tony Blair and Cherie Blair with the Pakistani president General Pervez Musharraf and his wife, Begum Sehba, outside 10 Downing Street.	3
3	Bush to Avoid Sneak Peek at Jobs Data (Reuters)  Reuters - Financial markets may be all ears on Thursday night for hints about August job growth from President Bush, but they will be listening in vain since he plans to purposely avoid an early peek.	0
1	Bad news on Iraq ups stakes for Bush-Kerry debate  Following a week of damaging news on Iraq, there are signs that Sen. John Kerry is ready to wage war on US President George Bush -- a man he says can #39;t face the truth.	1
0	Likud argues over Gaza pullout plan  JERUSALEM -- Supporters and opponents of Prime Minister Ariel Sharon argued heatedly yesterday over the need for a national referendum on the government's plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip.	4
1	Bush up in polls, denies mobilizing troops  Current national public opinion polls released at the end of last week vary. Some show President Bush #39;s emerging as a 13 point leader, while others reflect a statistical dead 	0
1	Rumsfeld Confirms He #39;s Staying on as Defense Secretary  Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld said today that President Bush asked him to stay on in his current position and he  quot;enthusiastically quot; accepted.	0
0	Sharon Pledges to Escalate Broad Israeli Gaza Offensive  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon pledged Sunday to escalate a broad Israeli offensive in northern Gaza, saying troops will remain until Palestinian rocket attacks are halted. Israeli officials said the offensive -- in which 58 Palestinians and three Israelis have been killed -- will help clear the way for an Israeli withdrawal.	4
1	New attacks expected in second Bush-Kerry debate  Going into the second presidential debate in St. Louis today, John Kerry #39;s anti-Iraq war case against President Bush has been made over the past week by current and former Bush administration officials.	0 1
0	Bush Reaching Out to Base, Undecideds in Last Laps (Reuters)  Reuters - For the final drive to the Nov. 2 election, President Bush plans to reach out to undecided voters, rally the Republican base and try to increase the turnout among others who support him, top Bush advisers said.	0
1	Kerry says US is united in determination to hunt down bin Laden <b>...</b>  WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. Four days before the presidential election, John Kerry says America is  quot;absolutely united quot; in its determination to  quot;hunt down and destroy Osama bin Laden and the terrorists.	1
0	Hamas Says to Boycott Palestinian Presidential Vote (Reuters)  Reuters - The Palestinian Islamic militant faction Hamas will boycott a Jan. 9 presidential election for a successor to Yasser Arafat, a senior Hamas leader said on Wednesday.	2
0	Facing myriad obstacles, Sharon now sees his magic evaporate  As Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon approaches the first anniversary of his initiative to unilaterally withdraw settlers and forces from the Gaza Strip and northern West Bank, his plan faces 	4
0	Who Will Lead Them Now?  Arafat's death raises hopes for a new push for peace. But much depends on who takes charge and how the U.S. responds	2
0	Kerry Promotes Expanded Stem Cell Research  HAMPTON, N.H. - John Kerry on Monday accused President Bush of restricting potentially lifesaving stem cell research because of "extreme right-wing ideology" and underscored his own strong support for research that polls show has widespread backing...	0 1
1	Israel Kills Top Hamas Rocket Maker in Gaza Strike  Israel killed the top bombmaker and rocket engineer of the Hamas militant group on Thursday in an airstrike in Gaza City, days before a key parliamentary vote on Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Gaza pullout plan.	4
0	Bush Attends Army-Navy Football Game (AP)  AP - The roar of Air Force One and a tip of its wing over the playing field signaled President Bush's arrival Saturday at the Army-Navy football game, a matchup steeped in tradition and shadowed today by the war in Iraq.	0
0	Blair refuses to say sorry  Tony Blair yesterday offered critics of his Iraq war strategy his most contrite justification for the conflict so far but stopped short of an outright apology, removing the word  quot;sorry quot; from the text of his speech to Labour #39;s Brighton conference in 	3
1	Bush signs orders to reform US intelligence community  US President George W. Bush on Friday signed executive orders to strengthen the powers of the Central Intelligence Agency director and establish a new national counterterrorism center.	0
0	Rumsfeld confirms will stay on, vows transformation of US military  KUWAIT CITY, Dec 6 (AFP) - US Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld said Monday he would devote himself to transforming the military and bringing American troops out of Iraq as he confirmed he would remain in President George W. Bush #39;s administration.	0
0	TERRORIST IN ELECTION BID FROM PRISON  JERUSALEM - A terrorist commander serving five life sentences will run from his jail cell in elections to succeed Yasser Arafat -nd has a good chance of winning, his comrades said yesterday.	2
0	Hot debate on Gaza pullout in Knesset  JERUSALEM Israel #39;s Parliament appeared poised Tuesday to approve Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Gaza pullout plan, clearing the way for a withdrawal of Jewish settlers from Palestinian territory for the first time in history.	4
0	Alexandra Pelosi Captures Campaign Process (AP)  AP - From the moment she met John Kerry, filmmaker Alexandra Pelosi knew she wouldn't be making "Journeys with John." "She's going to lampoon all of us. She's going to have us all do stupid things," Kerry said more than a year ago when first approached by the camcorder-toting Pelosi. Teresa Heinz Kerry looked on as if a skunk had waddled across the room.	1
0	Blair: Next Few Weeks 'Crucial' for N.Ireland   LONDON (Reuters) - The next few weeks will be critical for  efforts to clinch a new Northern Ireland peace deal, British  Prime Minister Tony Blair said Monday.	3
1	Kerry headquarters not conceding defeat  MARK COLVIN: To our correspondent Leigh Sales who #39;s been following progress at the Kerry headquarters in Boston. LEIGH SALES: No, they #39;re not conceding, Mark, although it #39;s just started raining here in Copley Square, which is maybe an omen.	1
1	Schwarzenegger Pumps Up Bush Crowd (AP)  AP - For a brief moment Friday, President Bush was outshone by a fellow Republican, Arnold Schwarzenegger, the larger-than-life California governor who took the stage to promote Bush's re-election  #151; and his own bodybuilding event.	0
0	Bush Plans to Shift U.S. Troops from Europe, Asia (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush on Monday announced plans to bring home up to 70,000 troops from Europe and Asia within a decade in a major realignment that Democrats said was politically motivated in an election year.	0
0	Catholics Resist Wooing by Kerry and Bush (AP)  AP - Sen. John Kerry is having trouble wooing fellow Roman Catholics in Iowa and Wisconsin. President Bush is short of his expected Catholic count in Michigan and Minnesota. Once reliably Democratic, Catholics have become one of the most complicated and coveted swing voting blocs.	0 1
0	National polls split, but Kerry makes headway in states (AFP)  AFP - National polls were split over who was leading the US presidential race, but Democrat John Kerry showed signs of making headway against President George W. Bush in the decisive state-by-state battle.	0 1
0	Bush Pledges Strong-Dollar Policy (AP)  AP - President Bush pledged Wednesday to work with Congress to reduce the government's huge budget deficit as a key step in assuring the world that his administration supports a strong dollar.	0
0	Former Clinton Advisers Now With Kerry (AP)  AP - Here is a look at four former advisers to President Clinton who recently joined the presidential campaign of Democratic Sen. John Kerry:	1
1	Sharon: Israel Doesn #39;t Spy On US  JERUSALEM -- Prime Minister Ariel Sharon says no one in the US Pentagon has been spying for Israel. A statement issued by his office said:  quot;Israel does not engage in intelligence activities in the United States.	4
0	Leading Democrat Senator Won't Block Confirmation of Gonzales  President Bush's nominee for attorney general, Alberto R. Gonzales, was all but guaranteed Senate confirmation today.	0
1	Arafat #39;s Top Lieutenants Travel to Paris  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat and his wife Suha hold hands prior to Arafat #39;s departure from his compound in the West Bank town of Ramallah in this file picture released by the Palestinian Authority Friday Oct. 29, 2004.	2
0	Blair in Ethiopia to outine vision for Africa  ADDIS ABABA : British Prime Minister Tony Blair was due to outline his personal vision for the future of Africa at a meeting of the organisation he set up to spur development efforts in the region.	3
0	Leaders pay tribute to Arafat  World leaders and Palestinian representatives gathered in Cairo Friday morning for Yasser Arafat #39;s military funeral service. The funeral came hours before chaotic scenes in the West Bank 	2
0	'American Taliban' Seeks Commuted Sentence  SAN FRANCISCO - John Walker Lindh asked President Bush on Tuesday to commute his 20-year prison sentence for aiding the Taliban.    His lawyer, James Brosnahan, said that Lindh was fighting alongside the Taliban in a civil war against the Northern Alliance, that he is not a terrorist and that he never fought against U.S...	0
1	War of words over war service heats up in US  The campaign of Senator John Kerry, stepping up a counteroffensive against a veterans group that is attacking his military record, said Friday that it was filing a complaint with the US Federal Election Commission (FEC) accusing the organization of 	1
0	Ahern and Blair to hold talks on Wednesday  The Taoiseach is to hold talks with the British Prime Minister, Tony Blair, in London on Wednesday. The two governments are at what Mr Ahern described as  #39;hopefully the decisive stage #39; in their efforts to broker a deal in the North #39;s peace process.	3
1	Down Democrats, Happy Republicans Look to 2008  A demoralized Democratic Party tried to pick up the pieces on Thursday as Republicans celebrated President Bush #39;s re-election, with both sides 	0
0	Official: No evidence Arafat was poisoned  Ramallah, West Bank -- A top Palestinian official said Saturday there is no evidence that Israel poisoned Yasser Arafat, but he called for an investigation into the cause of death of the Palestinian leader.	2
1	Guarded hopes in Israel  Israelis were up at dawn Friday, just to see live television coverage of Yasser Arafat leaving his compound in Ramallah and flying out of the Middle East.	2
0	Bush Campaign Complains About Union Protests (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush's re-election campaign complained to the AFL-CIO on Monday about the labor group's protests at campaign offices last week and violent incidents that were not linked to union members.	0
1	Candidates head into final debate  On the eve of the final faceoff between the two major party candidates, President Bush stumped in Colorado and Arizona Tuesday, while Sen. John Kerry holed up with aides in a New Mexico 	0 1
0	Sharon Seeks to Widen Coalition After Losing Parliamentary Vote  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon will restart efforts to widen his coalition after parliament voted late yesterday against approving a speech supporting his Gaza Strip withdrawal plan, the government said.	4
0	Arafat in good health, doctor says  The private doctor said Wednesday Palestinian President Yasser Arafat is in good health and tests showed his stomach is normal. Ashraf Kurdi, a neurologist and former Jordanian 	2
0	Palestinian Abbas Calls Israel 'The Zionist Enemy'   GAZA (Reuters) - Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas called  Israel "the Zionist enemy" Tuesday, unprecedented language for  the relative moderate who is expected to succeed Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Bush, Kerry Likely to Clash on Economy  SANTA FE, N.M. - President Bush and Sen...	0
0	Bush Campaign: Gifts Should Cover Recount (AP)  AP - President Bush's campaign is urging election regulators to allow it and rival John Kerry to raise unlimited individual donations to cover costs for a possible recount, as Bush and rival Al Gore could in 2000.	0 1
0	Nephew to get Arafat #39;s medical file  A nephew of late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat left for Paris on Friday to obtain a copy of his uncle #39;s medical file, a Palestinian official said.	2
0	Bush, Kerry Differ Sharply on Iraq, Taxes (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry differed sharply on Iraq, jobs and taxes in their second debate on Friday, with Kerry questioning Bush's judgment and the president accusing Kerry of crumbling under political pressure.	0 1
0	Egypt plays Mideast peace broker  An assassination attempt was made Sunday on the man who may replace Yasser Arafat as Palestinian chief. By Dan Murphy  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.	2
0	Charity Pleads with Kidnappers as Hostage Begs for her Life  Aid charity Care International made a televised plea to the kidnappers of Iraq director Margaret Hassan after a new videotape showed her tearfully begging Tony Blair not to send troops to Baghdad.	3
1	Bin Laden Warns of Retaliation for Iraqi Deaths  Osama bin Laden said on Wednesday in a full Internet broadcast of a video, partly aired by Al Jazeera last week, that George W. Bush had dragged America into a quagmire in Iraq and warned of retaliation for Iraqi deaths.	0
0	Bush Bikes Ahead of Christmas Celebration (AP)  AP - President Bush attended church and went mountain biking Sunday before heading to a Christmas celebration.	0
0	Pakistan and US hold terror talks  Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf is to hold talks with President Bush in New York on the war against terror.	0
1	Bush names Kellogg CEO as Commerce secretary  President Bush (left) pats Carlos Gutierrez, chief executive officer of the Kellogg Co., on the arm, as they leave after Bush announced Gutierrez as his choce to be secretary of commerce Monday in the Roosevelt Room of the White House.	0
0	Kerry: Bush Not Being Straight About Iraq (AP)  AP - Democratic Sen. John Kerry on Thursday accused President Bush of failing to tell the truth about the situation in Iraq as the country falls into more violence and chaos with each passing day.	0 1
0	Jet Crashes Before Picking Up Elder Bush  A private jet that was en route to Houston to pick up former President Bush clipped a light pole and crashed Monday as it approached Hobby Airport in thick fog, killing all three people aboard.	0
0	Bush Downplays Thompson's Terror Worries (AP)  AP - President Bush played down on Saturday a stark warning from his resigning health chief that the nation's food supply is largely unprotected from terror attack.	0
0	Most College Students Favor Kerry -Harvard Poll (Reuters)  Reuters - The majority of U.S. college students favor Democratic challenger John Kerry over President Bush, according to a Harvard University poll released on Thursday that sees a dramatic rise in campus voter turnout.	0 1
0	Hamas Signals Challenge to Unseat Arafat  RAMALLAH, West Bank - Palestinians marked the fourth anniversary of their uprising Tuesday amid signs that the extremist Hamas group is preparing a political challenge to Yasser Arafat despite a series of Israeli military blows at the movement's leadership.    Hamas published newspaper ads urging supporters to vote in upcoming municipal elections, saying "it's time for change." And a top Hamas leader indicated the group might try to unseat Arafat in presidential elections, which have not yet been scheduled...	2
0	Bush matriarch agonizes through campaign (USATODAY.com)  USATODAY.com - Barbara Bush is doing what she always does during campaign season: suppressing her innate pessimism and preventing her hyper-political husband from spontaneously combusting as they sweat out President Bush's fate.	0
1	Bush: The truth must out  Washington - President George W Bush has for the first time raised questions about documents used to bolster a report that he received preferential treatment during his Vietnam era military service.	0
1	Kerry at his best when he leaves Mr. Nice Guy at home  TOLEDO, Ohio - The back-and-forth seemed more appropriate for a press-bashing Republican rally than a John Kerry health care forum.	1
0	Shirking the blame?  IT had been a long time coming, but Tony Blair has finally conceded that the evidence about Iraqs weapons of mass destruction was wrong, and he has apologised, to an extent.	3
0	GAZA WITHDRAWAL PLAN EDGES FORWARD  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s controversial plan to pull out of the Gaza Strip has taken another step forward as MPs approved a multi-million dollar bill to compensate uprooted settlers.	4
3	A shortage of answers  Record deficits are threatening our economy and future generations, but neither Bush nor Kerry are addressing that reality. Election seasons rarely produce much honest talk about budgets and taxes, but the 	1
1	Gallup defends results against MoveOn.org attack  This year #39;s USA TODAY/CNN/Gallup polling on the presidential race is coming under attack from liberal critics who say Gallup #39;s methods produce results that are biased in favor of President Bush.	0
0	Sharon weighs Gaza olive branch  Liaison over the Gaza pullout is possible if the new Palestinian leaders curb attacks on Israelis, Ariel Sharon says.	4
1	Sharon out to save Gaza pullout plan  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has launched new efforts to widen his shaky coalition after a stinging setback in parliament that complicated his plan to withdraw from some occupied territory.	4
1	Reading Kerry #39;s Mind  am John Kerry, falling further behind in the polls with only six weeks to go. I #39;ve already shaken up my staff again; Cahill, Shrum and the whole Kennedy crowd were fine for the late primaries 	1
1	Bush Administration Appeals Over Oregon Suicide Law  The Bush administration asked the Supreme Court on Tuesday to uphold Attorney General John Ashcroft #39;s power to stop Oregon doctors from helping terminally ill patients 	0
3	Progress of Rule Reviews Difficult to Track  Three years ago, the regulatory overseers at the new Bush administration's    Office of Management and Budget  invited suggestions on which federal rules needed some work -- a tuneup, elimination, or maybe a new rule altogether. The effort was directed by Congress, which wanted the OMB to report to it annually on the costs and benefits of regulation and send along an inventory of ineffective or inefficient rules that should be reformed or killed.	0
0	Bush Orders Better Ocean Oversight (AP)  AP - President Bush is creating a White House committee to oversee the nation's ocean policies, with plans to improve research, better manage fisheries and regulate pollution from boats.	0
3	Bush vows to reduce huge deficits  US President George W Bush pledged on Wednesday to work with Congress to reduce the US #39; huge deficits, to assure markets that his administration supports a strong dollar.	0
0	Kerry on Iraq: Wrong War, Wrong Place, Wrong Time (Reuters)  Reuters - Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry on Monday called the invasion of Iraq "the wrong war in the wrong place at the wrong time" and said his goal was to withdraw U.S. troops in his first White House term.	1
0	Palestinian PM sees Arafat  Clamart, France - Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qorei was allowed to see ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat on Tuesday, unconfirmed reports say.	2
1	Kerry Rips Bush Over Assault Weapons Law  WASHINGTON Sept. 13, 2004 - Democratic Sen. John Kerry on Monday accused President Bush of ducking his responsibility to protect the country from crime and terrorism by allowing a national assault weapons ban to expire.	0 1
1	What Kerry won #39;t tell Americans  Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry has just taken the ultimate dare of American politics: He #39;s started telling them the truth about Iraq.	1
0	Israeli FM: expulsion of Arafat closer than ever  Israeli Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom has said that the expulsion of Palestinian National Authority Chairman Yasser Arafat is closer than ever, local newspaper Ha #39;aretz reported Thursday.	2
1	Sharon aide tells of pullback motive  A top aide to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon was quoted as saying yesterday that Israel #39;s planned withdrawal from the Gaza Strip is intended to block Palestinian statehood indefinitely and that the policy had US backing.	4
0	Tony Blair and the Labor Party Conference  Description: The Labor Party begins its conference in Brighton, England. British Prime Minister Tony Blair is in danger of losing his job over his controversial Iraq policy.	3
1	EU Constitution crisis  PRIME Minister Tony Blair was today signing the Constitutional Treaty in Rome amid a growing crisis over the new Brussels Commission.	3
0	Blair Cuts Short Ethiopia Trip, Heads Home  British Prime Minister Tony Blair left Ethiopia for home late on Thursday, a day ahead of schedule, airport sources in Addis Ababa said.	3
1	Bush, Martin say They Haven #39;t Resolved Some Differences  (Ottawa-AP, November 30, 2004) - As they try to mend fences, President Bush and the prime minister of Canada are talking openly about their differences.	0
1	Cabinet changes standard, but telling  In historical terms, the wave of departures from President Bush #39;s first-term Cabinet and his choices to replace them for his second are a narrative of continuity rather than change.	0
0	Spain's PM Sends Bush Message of Goodwill (AP)  AP - Spain's king brought President Bush a message of goodwill Wednesday from Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero, whose vocal opposition to the Iraq war has chilled U.S.-Spanish relations.	0
3	US loses in trade case  President George W. Bush pledged Friday to work with Congress to comply with a World Trade Organization ruling after the international trade agency gave the go-ahead to other nations to impose anti-dumping duties on US goods.	0
0	Chaos marks Arafat burial  Mahmoud Abbas, the new chief of the Palestine Liberation Organization, stood at the door of the Egyptian military helicopter and implored the frenzied crowd to move back.	2
0	Blair urges EU to accept Bush  Tony Blair says European leaders are in a "state of denial" about President Bush's US election victory.	0
0	Netanyahu calls for voteon Gaza settler pullout  JERUSALEM Benjamin Netanyahu, the influential Israeli finance minister, called Monday for a national referendum on the proposed withdrawal of Jewish settlers from the Gaza Strip, a move that could complicate the plan set out by Prime Minister Ariel Sharon 	4
2	Bush Urges Action  President Bush urges baseball to take "strong steps to address the problem" of steroids, but offered no specific policy suggestions.	0
3	Deal in Congress extends tax cuts  WASHINGTON Putting aside efforts to control the federal deficit before the elections, Republican and Democratic leaders have agreed to extend  $145 billion worth of tax cuts sought by President George W. Bush without trying to pay for them.	0
1	Intelligence Bill Clears Congress  The Senate overwhelmingly approved the intelligence restructuring bill yesterday and sent it to the White House, where President Bush is expected to sign it into law next week, setting in 	0
1	POLITICAL POINTS  9.23 12:20 PM All About Allawi  epublicans quickly seized on today #39;s Congressional address by Prime Minister Ayad Allawi of Iraq as irrefutable evidence that the invasion of his country was justified and that Bush administration 	0
1	Buoyed by polls, Bush shows new confidence  In the unpredictable world of politics, leads in the polls and candidates #39; confidence can evaporate in an instant. But President Bush and his campaign advisers 	0
1	Rally is biggest of Bush campaign  In the largest political rally of his campaign, President Bush was greeted by nearly 50,000 cheering supporters Monday afternoon at the Voice of America Park in West Chester Township.	0
0	Sharon gears up for decisive vote on Israel #39;s Gaza pullout  JERUSALEM : Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon battled at the weekend to prepare for key votes in cabinet and parliament on his Gaza pullout plan, vehemently opposed by Jewish settlers, the extreme right and a hard core of his own Likud party.	4
1	Brokaw, Jennings Show Support for Rather (AP)  AP - While acknowledging mistakes in CBS anchor Dan Rather's "60 Minutes" report that questioned President Bush's service in the National Guard, competing news anchors Tom Brokaw and Peter Jennings offered support Saturday for the beleaguered newsman.	0
0	Bush urges N. Ireland leaders to accept Anglo-Irish proposal (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush has urged Northern Ireland's leaders to accept an Anglo-Irish proposal aimed at ending political deadlock between Protestants and Roman Catholics, the White House said.	0
0	Bush should try to cement a possible Mideast breakthrough  Israel #39;s parliament made a historic decision in backing Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to withdraw settlers from the Gaza Strip and four small West Bank settlements.	0 4
1	Sharon considers cutting Gaza army deployment  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon was weighing the possibility of cutting the size of Israel #39;s armed forces deployed in northern Gaza, Israeli television has reported.	4
0	Arafat Admits Mistakes, Slow on Palestinian Reform  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian President Yasser Arafat made a rare admission of mistakes on Wednesday and urged reforms to end corruption after an unprecedented wave of turmoil. 	2
1	In the real world, Kerry a better fit  There #39;s an unusual urgency to the electoral process this year, reflected in higher attendance at campaign rallies, record viewership of presidential debates and soaring voter registration, not to mention an increase in heated debates over the dinner table 	1
0	Attacks Continue in Iraq as Elections Approach  Officials insisted that Prime Minister Ayad Allawi did not tell President Bush that the elections should be delayed.	0
0	Bush, Kerry Seek Boost From Final Debate  SANTA FE, N.M. - President Bush and Sen...	0
0	Arafat: Hero or villain?  There will be many tributes that focus on the accomplishments of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, who died Wednesday, but he is responsible for the deaths of thousands 	2
0	Arafat, confused and weak, is heading to Paris for treatment  An ailing Yasser Arafat -oo weak to stand, unable to hold down food and spending most of Thursday sleeping  -eed to leave his battered West Bank compound for 	2
1	Bush criticizes Kerry on Iraq war stance  President Bush said Friday that if Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry  quot;had his way Saddam Hussein would still be in power quot; and criticized his rival #39;s stand on the war.	0 1
0	Yasser Arafat's local election gambit  The Palestinian Authority sees the vote as a possible major boost to Arafat's legitimacy and answer to calls for reform.	2
0	U.S. Intelligence Offers Gloomy Outlook for Iraq   WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. intelligence report prepared  for President Bush in July offered a gloomy outlook for Iraq  through the end of 2005, with the worst scenario being a  deterioration into civil war, government officials said on  Thursday.	0
0	Blair Reasserts Control After Rocky Summer (AP)  AP - Prime Minister Tony Blair has been dogged for months by speculation that his grip on power was weakening because of smoldering public anger over the Iraq war. But the pundits apparently underestimated his instinct for survival.	3
1	Bush hits campaign trail in post-convention push  Fired up after his convention, President Bush raced through three states he lost in 2000, on a drive Friday to spur his backers to the polls in November.	0
0	Bush Confronts New Challenge on Issue of Iran  While assembling a new national security team, President Bush is confronting what could become the biggest challenge of his second term: how to contain Iran #39;s 	0
0	Britain's Blair Has Successful Heart Procedure   LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's Tony Blair underwent heart  treatment Friday after a surprise pledge to serve a full third  term if he wins an election expected next year.	3
0	Israel, Egypt negotiate pledge  JERUSALEM -- Israel has pledged in a series of understandings reached with Egypt to stop most offensive military action against the Palestinians if all Palestinian militant factions agree to a cease-fire, senior officials in Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's office said yesterday.	4
0	Arafat to go to France  After a confused 24 hours in which his aides described him as both close to death and near normal, Yasser Arafat bowed to the urging of his wife late yesterday and agreed to be flown to Paris for medical treatment.	2
0	The cliches about Arafat  A lot of false cliches have recently been uttered about Yasser Arafat, including by commentators and politicians supposedly familiar with the history of the conflict.	2
0	Bush, Kerry Set Aside Personal Battles for Sept. 11 (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry muted their war of words on Saturday to commemorate the Sept. 11 attacks in ways that managed to underscore their campaign themes.	0 1
0	Protesters decry Gaza withdrawal   JERUSALEM -- Thousands of Israelis demonstrated across the country yesterday against Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip and a small part of the West Bank, hours after Sharon declared the pullout would begin in June.	4
1	Video shows UK hostage #39;s plea for life  CAIRO, Egypt -- A videotape posted on Islamic Web site purportedly showed a man who identified himself as himself as British hostage Kenneth Bigley pleading for British Prime Minister Tony Blair to help save his life.	3
0	Bush Extends Condolences on Arafat's Death   WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Bush expressed American  condolences late on Wednesday for the death of Palestinian  leader Yasser Arafat and called it "a significant moment" for  the Palestinians in their bid for peace and an independent  state.	0 2
0	Wider implications of Blairs dash to dine with Bush  WHEN Tony Blair says, as he did in the House of the Commons this week, that the United States is the only country able to deliver Britain #39;s ambitions on the global stage, he means it.	0 3
0	Palestinians Grieve Over Arafat's Death (AP)  AP - Palestinians at home and abroad wept, waved flags and burned tires Thursday in an eruption of grief at the death of Yasser Arafat, the man they consider the father of their nation. The quick appointment of successors did little to dispel the huge question marks now hanging over Mideast peace efforts.	2
1	Black Watch pays price for backing Fallujah offensive  Tony Blair faced calls from Labour MPs last night to pull British troops out of Iraq #39;s notorious  quot;Triangle of Death quot; after another Black Watch soldier was killed and two more were injured.	3
1	Questions Surround Man Who Provided Documents  The man CBS News touted as the  quot;unimpeachable source quot; of explosive documents about President Bush #39;s National Guard service turns out to be a former Guard officer with a history of self-described 	0
1	Bush Shrugs Off Bad Polls on Iraq Outlook  WASHINGTON Sept. 23, 2004 - President Bush on Thursday shrugged off polls that suggest most Iraqis see Americans as occupiers not liberators.	0
0	Israel Says Removal of Arafat  #39;Closer Than Ever #39;   quot;There is no room for Arafat among us, and the time will come when we will remove him... and that day is closer than ever, quot; Israeli Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom said.	2
3	Bush quietly signs corporate tax-cut bill  WASHINGTON - Without fanfare, President Bush Friday signed into law a bill containing nearly  $140 billion in corporate tax cuts denounced by critics on both sides of the aisle as a giveaway to special interests.	0
0	Bush and Kerry Prepare for Final TV Duel  TEMPE, Ariz. - Jobs, health care and other concerns of daily life will likely be focal points as President Bush and challenger John Kerry meet Wednesday for their third and final debate...	0 1
1	No class: Incivility of Kerry camp is shameful  WHEN JOHN Edwards and John Kerry gratuitously brought up the homosexuality of Mary Cheney, Vice President Dick Cheneys daughter, it was a classless and dirty trick.	1
0	Israel OKs compensation for Gaza settlers  JERUSALEM -- The Israeli Cabinet on Sunday approved legislation to pay compensation to settlers uprooted by Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Gaza withdrawal plan.	4
2	Bush Urges  #39;Strong Steps #39; Against Steroids  PresidentBush yesterday urged MLB and union leaders, through a spokesman, to take  quot;strong steps to address the problem quot; of steroids, but offered no specific policy suggestions.	0
0	Kidnapped Aid Official Begs Blair To Save Her  Pleading for her life between terrified sobs, kidnapped aid official Margaret Hassan appeared on a videotape Friday urging British Prime Minister Tony Blair to abandon Iraq 	3
1	Some voters down to the wire  Inside the campaigns of President Bush and Sen. John Kerry, the final week before the election was a blur of tarmacs and rallies, of furious squabbling over elusive explosives 	0 1
1	Blair Urges End to Trans-Atlantic Rift  Britain #39;s Tony Blair will urge Europe and the United States on Monday to bury the hatchet over Iraq and focus their energies on global challenges such as lasting peace between Israelis and Palestinians.	3
0	Bush Taunts Kerry, Tests Debate Lines (AP)  AP - President Bush taunted Democratic rival John Kerry and tested debate lines before friendly audiences in Colorado and Arizona on Tuesday while Kerry crammed in private for Wednesday night's final faceoff of the campaign.	0 1
1	Kerry: Bush hasnt protected US enough  One week before the presidential election, Democratic Sen. John Kerry waged a two-front war on his opponents security policies, arguing President George Bush has failed to adequately protect America both at home and overseas.	0 1
1	Arafat #39;s hospital file taken by widow  YASSIR ARAFATS widow visited yesterday the French hospital where he died and retrieved his widely sought medical records, just as his nephew was about to collect them.	2
0	Jailed Barghouthi Joins Palestinian Presidential Race   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Jailed Palestinian leader  Marwan Barghouthi joined the race for president to succeed  Yasser Arafat on Wednesday, drawing condemnation from his own  Fatah movement and threatening to split the group.	2
0	Bush Plans Legal Action on Anti-Kerry Ads (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush sought to smooth over differences with Sen. John McCain on Thursday by promising to take legal action to stop political ads by outside groups, including those attacking the war record of Bush's Democratic presidential rival, John Kerry.	0 1
1	Presidential Candidates Hit Midwest  WASHINGTON Sept. 6, 2004 - Democrat John Kerry accused President Bush on Monday of sending US troops to the  quot;wrong war in the wrong place at the wrong time quot; and said he #39;d try to bring them all home in four years.	0 1
1	Iraq intelligence faulty, Blair admits to his party  With the war in Iraq dividing his government and eroding trust in his leadership, Prime Minister Tony Blair yesterday conceded at 	3
1	Powell, Armitage leave Bush cabinet  WASHINGTON: President Bush on Tuesday nominated a trusted confidant, national security adviser Condoleezza Rice, to replace Colin Powell as secretary of state in his second term.	0
1	Bush and Kerry jockey for edge  Sen. John Kerry tried to set the terms for the closing debate by accusing President Bush yesterday of covering up ways he has helped rich friends and hurt consumers 	0 1
0	Canada Offers Limited Help on Vaccine Gap  Canada has responded with mixed reactions to the shortage of flu vaccine in the United States and to President Bush's suggestion that Canada could fill the gap.	0
0	Few Tough Questions at 'Town Hall' Events (AP)  AP - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry talk often about the needs and ambitions of ordinary people, but neither encounters many along a campaign trail defined by the exquisitely stage-managed photo op and fortified by Secret Service agents.	0 1
1	Jobs, Iraq frame second presidential debate  A lackluster unemployment report and fresh questions about President Bush #39;s rationale for invading Iraq frame the second face-to-face encounter Friday night between Bush and Sen. John Kerry.	0 1
0	Kerry Tries to Counter Impact of Criticism  WASHINGTON - Attacks on John Kerry's war record may be beginning to have an impact, polls suggest, amid raised voices and new TV ads on a subject at least temporarily dominating debate in the close presidential race.    Democrats are laboring to deflect the questioning of Kerry's record with fresh ads touting his fitness for national command, even as the White House mocks the Massachusetts senator as "losing his cool" over claims he lied to win military medals in Vietnam...	1
0	Eight Tossup States May Decide Election  WASHINGTON - Eight states worth just 99 electoral votes are up for grabs in the closely fought presidential race, with the White House going to whoever conquers this shrinking battlefield.    While another dozen states could come into play if either candidate breaks open the race, President Bush and Democratic Sen...	0
0	Bush's National Guard File Missing Records  WASHINGTON - Documents that should have been written to explain gaps in President Bush's Texas Air National Guard service are missing from the military records released about his service in 1972 and 1973, according to regulations and outside experts.    For example, Air National Guard regulations at the time required commanders to write an investigative report for the Air Force when Bush missed his annual medical exam in 1972...	0
1	CIA nominee vows to be nonpartisan  WASHINGTON -- President Bush #39;s nominee to be CIA director promised today to provide Congress and the president with independent, objective intelligence but said it may take longer than previously estimated to have all the needed undercover operatives in 	0
0	Kerry May Court Lawmakers to Join Cabinet (AP)  AP - Governors, campaign advisers and former presidential foes could end up in top Cabinet posts in a John Kerry administration, perhaps joined by a retired general and even a Republican or two.	1
0	A Look at Arafat's Low Platelet Count (AP)  AP - Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat has been sick for the past two weeks, and blood tests indicate he has a low platelet count. Platelets are tiny components of blood that help the clotting process by sticking to the lining of blood vessels. Produced in the bone marrow, platelets are vital to life, preventing massive blood loss from trauma.	2
0	Bush was allegedly targeted  Marxist rebels tried to organize an assassination attempt against President Bush during his visit to the port city of Cartagea last week, a top Colombian official said yesterday.	0
0	Bush, Iraq dominate EU summit  European Union leaders launched a two-day summit Thursday with how to react to the return of US President George W. Bush for a second term dominating thinking.	0
0	Kerry Warns Draft Possible if Bush Wins  WASHINGTON - John Kerry said Friday there is a "great potential" for a new military draft to replace overextended U.S. troops in Iraq if President Bush wins a second term, despite Bush's repeated pledges to maintain the all-volunteer service...	0 1
1	Arafat  #39;Between Life and Death #39;  Yasser Arafat is hovering between life and death in a coma, Palestinian and French officials say. There was still no official public diagnosis yesterday to explain the Palestinian leaders critical condition.	2
1	Blair in Hospital for Heart Op  By James Lyons, John Deane and John-Paul Ford Rojas, PA News. Prime Minister Tony Blair was being treated in hospital for a recurring heart condition today.	3
0	Bush, Kerry Differ on Approach to North Korea   SEOUL (Reuters) - The determination of North Korea to  develop nuclear arms could harden after President Bush and his  rival, Senator John Kerry, clashed over how to proceed with  six-party talks on Pyongyang's ambitions, analysts said.	0
0	Bush Tough-Guy Scuffle Plays Poorly in Chile  While President Bush may have boosted his tough-guy image at home in a brief scuffle with local police during a summit in Chile, orderly Chileans were less impressed that he got physically involved and flouted security rules.	0
1	Fifty years later, Kinsey still stirring passions (Variety)  Variety - THERE'S A SUDDEN abundance of movies out there focusing on edgy individuals -- Kerry, Bush, Clinton et al. -- but the film that may provoke the noisiest reaction is about someone who's been dead 50 years.	0 1
1	Kerry #39;s service  #39;more heroic #39; than his: Bush  US President George W. Bush now says Democratic challenger John Kerry #39;s military service was more heroic than his own. But in an interview with NBC #39;s Today show, to be broadcast Monday, Bush said the whole debate over military service should be dropped.	0 1
1	Bush Says No Payroll Tax Increase to Fund Private Accounts  President George W. Bush said he won #39;t agree to raise payroll taxes to pay for his plan to create private accounts for younger workers under Social Security.	0
0	Blair Recovering After Heart Procedure  LONDON - British Prime Minister Tony Blair reportedly underwent a procedure to correct an irregular heartbeat Friday and was recovering.    Aides refused to say whether the 2 1/2-hour procedure, called a catheter ablation, took place...	3
0	Bush Makes First Official Visit to Canada  President Bush is on his way to Canada for a two-day trip that will mark his first official visit to America #39;s northern neighbor.	0
1	Howard #39;s double victory sends cheer to Bush and Blair  An Australian government is close to having complete legislative control for the first time in nearly three decades today, after voters delivered a positive verdict on John Howard #39;s support for the war in Iraq.	0
0	U.S. Rules Out Iraq Women Prisoner Release  BAGHDAD, Iraq - Authorities insisted they won't give in to militants' demands to free female Iraqi prisoners despite the broadcast of a videotape that showed a tearful British hostage begging Britain to save his life.    The captive, Kenneth Bigley, appealed to British Prime Minister Tony Blair to intervene...	3
0	Sharon Wins 1st of 3 Votes on Settlement Plan  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon won a key victory today as his cabinet easily approved a plan to compensate Jewish settlers who would be uprooted from the Gaza Strip.	4
1	Diagnosis on Arafat Expected in a Few Days  The Palestinian Authority #39;s representative in France says a diagnosis of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s illness will not be available until he undergoes a series of tests that could take several days.	2
0	Bush Names Gonzales to Succeed Ashcroft (AP)  AP - President Bush on Wednesday nominated White House counsel Alberto Gonzales, who helped shape the administration's controversial legal strategy in the war on terror, to be attorney general. He would be the first Hispanic to serve as the nation's top law enforcement officer.	0
0	9/11 Chairman: Bush Should Apply Pressure (AP)  AP - It will take pressure by President Bush on the Republican-controlled Congress to ensure passage of bottled-up legislation to overhaul intelligence agencies, the chairman of the Sept. 11 commission said Sunday.	0
0	Paris hospital spokesman says Arafat is alive  After several reports claiming PA chief had passed away, hospital says, Situation is complex but Arafat is not dead. Earlier, a French doctor said Palestinian leader had no chance of waking up from coma he was in.	2
0	Sharon Seeks to Broaden Coalition With Labor, Religious Parties  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon will seek to bring Labor and other parties into his government to avoid early elections after dismissing a coalition partner who voted against the budget.	4
0	World Leaders Come to Terms with Bush Win  A divided world came to terms on Wednesday with the prospect of four more years of President Bush, with friends hailing his re-election and critics vowing to make the best of it, especially in Iraq.	0
0	US shows flexibility on Israeli settlements   CRAWFORD, Texas -- The Bush administration confirmed yesterday that it may accept limited growth within existing Israeli settlements in the West Bank in a shift that could help embattled Prime Minister Ariel Sharon.	4
0	Congress Passes Middle-Class Tax Cuts  WASHINGTON - Congress on Thursday approved a  $145.9 billion package of tax relief to extend three popular middle-class tax cuts, giving President Bush his fourth major tax victory since taking office.    The Senate approved the measure 92-3 Thursday night less than an hour after it cleared the House by a similarly lopsided 339-65...	0
0	Jet Crashes Before Picking Up Elder Bush  A private jet that was en route to Houston to pick up former President Bush clipped a light pole and crashed Monday as it approached Hobby Airport in thick fog, killing all three people aboard.	0
0	Battle Lines on Foreign Policy Clearly Drawn    CORAL GABLES, Fla., Sept. 30 -- It was no surprise that Iraq dominated the first debate between President Bush and Democratic challenger John F. Kerry on Thursday night, but rarely have the differences between the two men -- and the choices for the country -- been stated so clearly and with such passion.	0
0	Palestinians Register Candidates for New President (Reuters)  Reuters - Palestinians began registering candidates on Saturday for a presidential election to replace Yasser Arafat, while officials warned the vote may be delayed if Israel does not halt military activities.	2
0	Correction: Bush Story (AP)  AP - In a Dec. 7 story about President Bush's visit to Camp Pendleton, The Associated Press erroneously reported that 269 Marines from the base have been killed in action in Iraq, based on information provided by a Camp Pendleton spokesman. The figure represents the number of Marines from all U.S. bases who have been killed in action in Iraq; the base does not keep a tally specific to Camp Pendleton.	0
3	Final face-off is 20 days before voters head to polls  WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- President Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry squared off in Arizona Wednesday for their third and final debate before the election, book-ending their remarks on domestic issues with pledges to keep the nation safer.	0 1
1	Cheney the Veep Man  My favorite part of the debate last night was when Edwards mentioned how he  quot;agreed with John Kerry on Thursday night. quot; You gotta love it that even John Edwards has to nail down the exact time and place that John Kerry said something he agreed with.	1
1	Rumsfeld to stay as defense secretary  President Bush asked Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld, who directed American military forces in wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, to remain at the Pentagon and he agreed to stay, a senior administration official said Friday.	0
1	Barney the Dog Big Hit in GOP Video  NEW YORK - The presidential pup made his convention debut Wednesday night in a spoof on the movie "Rocky," showing the pooch hitting the campaign trail.    Delegates saw a video that opened with White House advisers Karl Rove and Andy Card in a heated debate about how to improve President Bush's poll numbers among an important bloc - dogs...	0
1	Bush sketches term-two agenda: anti-terror war, tax overhaul <b>...</b>  Promising an aggressive foreign and domestic policy agenda in his second term, President Bush signaled Wednesday at his first post-election news conference that an assault by 	0
0	Notes, Quotes From Pennslyvania Campaign (AP)  AP - Of the 21 states that voted Democratic in the 2000 presidential election, Pennsylvania is by far President Bush's top target.	0
0	Editorial : Arafat and Palestine  PALESTINIAN leader Yasser Arafat exited the world stage the same way he entered it more than three decades ago: as a deeply divisive symbol of the Palestinian cause.	2
0	Lasting bonds forged in a Canadian home on 9/11  Bush's speech Wednesday concluded his first state visit to Canada, the first by a president since Clinton's in 1995.	0
0	A legacy in limbo  The cause of Palestine and the fate of Yasser Arafat - now lying between life and death -ave been so closely intertwined that it is difficult to imagine what the future will hold in his absence.	2
0	Arafat health unclear, but improving aides say  As Yasser Arafat enters his fourth day of treatment at a hospital in Paris, France, the Palestinian leader #39;s aides will say his condition is improving, but not what ails him.	2
1	Stem-cell research issue continues to divide country  Embryonic stem-cell research is polarizing America as much as George Bush and John Kerry. And the issue has become just as political.	1
0	Sharon Sets Peace 'Test' for Palestinians (Reuters)  Reuters - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, setting a test for a new Palestinian leadership, said it could show its desire for peace by ending incitement against Israel even before any crackdown on militants.	4
1	Bush Slashes at Kerry on Iraq, Seeking to Regain Lost Momentum  President George W. Bush, striking back at Democratic rival John Kerry #39;s criticism of the Iraq war as a colossal error, #39; #39; said a Kerry presidency would paralyze America in a dangerous world.	0 1
0	Israeli settler pay approved, Sharon faces threats  JERUSALEM - Israel #39;s security cabinet approved cash advances on Tuesday to entice Gaza settlers to evacuate their homes, as police investigated death threats against Prime Minister Ariel Sharon sparked by his pullout plan.	4
1	No surprise: State #39;s votes go to Bush  Colorado cast its nine electoral votes for President Bush on Monday after an election season that saw a failed campaign to split those votes proportionally among the candidates.	0
1	Israel will fight on in Gaza, Sharon promises  Israel will keep troops in the Gaza Strip indefinitely to prevent Palestinian rocket attacks on Israeli towns, Ariel Sharon, the prime minister, said yesterday.	4
1	Report: Bush administration supports construction in established <b>...</b>   quot;The Bush administration has modified its policy and signaled approval of  #39;natural #39; growth in at least some Israeli settlements, quot; the New York Times reported on Saturday.	0
3	Markets surge on Bush win  Investors on Wednesday roared their approval for President Bush, and the absence of post-election rancor, with the Dow Jones industrial average closing up 101.	0
0	Hamas Signals Challenge to Unseat Arafat  RAMALLAH, West Bank - Palestinians marked the fourth anniversary of their uprising Tuesday amid signs that the extremist Hamas group is preparing a political challenge to Yasser Arafat despite a series of Israeli military blows at the movement's leadership.    Hamas published newspaper ads urging supporters to vote in upcoming municipal elections, saying "it's time for change." And a top Hamas leader indicated the group might try to unseat Arafat in presidential elections, which have not yet been scheduled...	2
0	Mystery behind Arafat #39;s death  According to the Palestinian observer at the United Nations Nasser al-Kidwa, toxicology tests revealed no traces of poison in Arafat #39;s blood.	2
0	Aide says Arafat #39;s health improving  Palestinian Authority President Yasser Arafat, hospitalized in France for a blood disorder, has improved enough for doctors to conduct additional tests, his spokeswoman said Tuesday.	2
1	 #39;American Taliban #39; asks Bush to reduce his jail time  SAN FRANCISCO - An American captured among a group of Taliban and al-Qaeda fighters on Tuesday asked US President George W. Bush to commute his 20-year prison sentence for aiding Afghanistan #39;s ousted Taliban government.	0
0	Blair: We must finish the job in Iraq  A defiant Tony Blair faced down hostile Labour MPs in the Commons today, telling them to  quot;stand firm quot; and finish the job in Iraq.	3
0	Bush Blasts Kerry, Signs Tax Bill in Iowa  CLIVE, Iowa - President Bush said Monday that rival John Kerry's foreign policy stands "are dangerous for world peace," leveling some of his harshest criticism of the campaign during a trip to an important battleground state. Bush also signed tax relief legislation for 94 million Americans and hit Kerry on that issue, too...	0 1
0	Sharon considers Labour alliance  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Likud party has agreed to a possible alliance with the opposition Labour group. The vote averts a snap election and strengthens Mr Sharon #39;s controversial Gaza withdrawal plan.	4
0	Kerry Promotes Expanded Federal Research (AP)  AP - John Kerry, arguing that President Bush ignores scientific facts, is promoting his plan for expanding federal stem cell research with a television celebrity and a new campaign ad.	0 1
0	Sharon vows to press ahead with Gaza plan  JERUSALEM: Israeli Premier Ariel Sharon made an impassioned defense of his disengagement plan at the start of a crunch debate in Parliament Monday as 16 Palestinians were killed by troops in the Gaza Strip.	4
0	Hostage #39;s mother pleads for mercy  Anguished pleas to save hostage Kenneth Bigley have taken their toll on his family and piled more pressure on Prime Minister Tony Blair.	3
1	Kerry and Bush More Aggressive in Second Round of Debates  With less than a month to go before the election, President George W. Bush and Sen. John Kerry faced off for a second time in a town-hall style debate that was at once more aggressive and less formal than their last meeting.	0 1
1	Dan Rather Keeps the Faith  Dan Rather #39;s  quot;reporting quot; on George W. Bush #39;s service record in the Texas Air National Guard has been misleading at best.	0
1	Palestinian leaders give show of unity in Arafat #39;s absence  Ramallah, West Bank - The Palestinian leadership held its first meeting Saturday since the departure of the ailing Yasser Arafat, putting on a show of unity to dispel concerns about possible chaos and infighting in his absence.	2
0	Sharon OKs 1,000 new settlement homes  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has approved tenders to build 1,000 more Israeli settler homes in the occupied West Bank, plans that had been shelved earlier to avoid discord with Washington, political sources say. 	4
1	Kerry, Bush make final pleas to undecided  President Bush and Massachusetts Sen. John F. Kerry delivered impassioned appeals yesterday to the dwindling legion of undecided voters, with 	0 1
0	Report: Arafat seeking Abbas #39; return to activity  Palestinian Authority Chairman Yasser Arafat is interested in returning former Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas to activity, according to Fatah central committee member Sacher Habash.	2
1	Daily Endorsement Tally: Kerry Gains, But So Does Bush (Editor and Publisher)  Editor and Publisher - NEW YORK Sen. John Kerry continues to pile up the newspaper endorsements, but in a reversal of past trends it was President Bush who nabbed the larger papers in today's update of E P's exclusive tally.	0 1
0	US wonders if North Korea preparing for nuke test: report (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush and his top advisers have reportedly received intelligence reports in recent days describing a confusing series of actions by North Korea that some experts believe could indicate the country is preparing to conduct its first nuclear weapon test.	0
3	Bush thanks scandal-plagued Italy PM for war cooperation  Days after he was acquitted in a corruption trial, Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi got a warm welcome Wednesday from President Bush, who is grateful to Italy as a rare European ally willing to send troops to Iraq.	0
1	Sharon Optimistic About Peace Prospects While Violence Continues <b>...</b>  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has sounded a note of optimism about peace prospects in the coming year provided Palestinians stop violence against Israel.	4
0	Kerry makes pitch for crucial female vote (AFP)  AFP - Democratic presidential hopeful John Kerry got to work on one of the weak points in his campaign for the White House, trying to improve his appeal to women.	1
0	Sharon Rejects Call for Referendum on Gaza Withdrawal Plan  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has rejected a call from a key political rival from his own Likud Party for a national referendum on his plan to withdraw all Jewish settlers from the Gaza Strip.	4
0	Bush pushes anti-terror message  US President George W Bush highlights homeland security as polls suggest he and challenger John Kerry are neck-and-neck.	0 1
0	Gaza pullout is worthy gamble  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is taking a huge political risk in ordering the pullout of settlers from the Gaza Strip. It is a gamble worth taking.	4
0	Inauguration Gives GOP Fund-Raising Chance (AP)  AP - The GOP is hoping to capitalize on President Bush's swearing-in ceremony next month, offering donors special inaugural packages that include access to lawmakers, a parade and galas.	0
0	Berlusconi knocked out by left in tackle by Blair (AFP)  AFP - Prime Minister Tony Blair kicked his Italian host Silvio Berlusconi so hard on the left knee during a game of soccer earlier this month that the Italian premier had to have the injury scanned at a hospital near his vacation villa in Sardinia.	3
1	Arafat  #39;stable #39; after doctors rule out two killer diseases  French doctors investigating Yasser Arafat #39;s illness informed Palestinian leaders in Ramallah yesterday that they had ruled out leukaemia and lymphoma, two of the most common fatal blood diseases.	2
3	Decisive Bush re-election victory lifts Wall Street  NEW YORK : President George W. Bush #39;s re-election sparked a broad stock rally, as Wall Street welcomed the decisive victory for the candidate seen as the most business-friendly.	0
0	Bush and Kerry Argue Over Who Makes America Safer (Reuters)  Reuters - Democratic rival Sen. John Kerry opened the first debate with President Bush on Thursday night promising, "I can make America safer than President Bush has made us."	0 1
0	Israel poised to OK Sharon's pullout plan  JERUSALEM -- The Israeli Knesset appeared set today to approve a historic withdrawal of Jewish settlers from the occupied territories following an emotional appeal yesterday by Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and a major strike against Palestinian militants in the southern Gaza Strip.	4
1	Bush outlines agenda for second term  Still enjoying the afterglow of a successful re-election campaign, President George W. Bush said Thursday he would move quickly to fulfill a second-term agenda that includes overhauling 	0
0	Bush Campaign Trail Stops at White House  WASHINGTON - Enmeshed in his re-election campaign, President Bush rarely spends a full day at the White House. But even when he does, presidential politics and campaign pitches remain close at hand...	0
0	Arafat Said to Have Liver Failure; PM to Visit   PARIS (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat, critically ill in a Paris  hospital, has suffered liver failure, a Palestinian official  said on Sunday as Arafat's subordinates decided in his absence  to enforce a law and order plan in Palestinian areas.	2
2	Headlining act  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat's health was deteriorating, John Kerry and George Bush were campaigning feverishly in their deadlocked race for the White House, and recently discovered remains of ancient undersized humans were being touted as a scientific breakthrough. But yesterday - from the pages of America's daily newspapers to the New York studios of the network morning shows - there ...	1 2
0	Tense NY Convention Seen for Protesters, Police (Reuters)  Reuters - Activists and police are preparing for a tense standoff and possible violence on New York streets when hundreds of thousands gather to decry the Iraq war and Bush administration polices during the Republican convention.	0
0	Bush Pledges Immigration Reform at Asia-Pacific Summit  <p></p><p> By Steve Holland</p><p> SANTIAGO (Reuters) - President Bush reached out to LatinAmerica on Sunday with a pledge to pursue immigration reformbut a security scuffle that he inserted himself into created alasting image for this year's summit of Asia-Pacific leaders.</p>	0
0	US State Department: Iranian Intelligence is Strong  While US President George W. Bush repeated his concerns over the nuclear programs of North Korea and Iran, the US Department of State backed Secretary of State Colin Powell #39;s remarks that  quot;Iran has been developing rocket systems capable of carrying 	0
0	Bush and Trojans Likely Secure Orange Bowl Berth  Reggie Bush had two long touchdown runs and Southern California virtually locked up a trip to the Orange Bowl to play for the B.C.S. title.	0
0	Early Results Favor Howard in Australia  SYDNEY, Australia - Australian Prime Minister John Howard's governing Liberal Party took a slight lead in nationwide elections Saturday, according to initial results, an early sign that one of President Bush's most ardent allies in the Iraq war may retain power.    With just over 10.4 percent of the vote counted, the Liberal Party had 53.7 percent of the vote and the opposition Labor Party had 46.3 percent, according to the early results...	0
1	Responding to McCain, Bush Plans Legal Action on Ads  President Bush on Thursday sought to ease differences with ally Sen. John McCain by promising to take legal action to stop a wave of ads by outside groups, including 	0
0	Kerry accuses Vietnam critics of illegal ties to Bush campaign (AFP)  AFP - Democratic White House hopeful John Kerry's campaign has formally alleged that a group attacking his Vietnam war record had illegal ties to US President George W. Bush's reelection bid.	0 1
1	Emergency team of doctors arrive to attend Arafat  Six Tunisian doctors arrived in Ramallah Saturday night amid growing concern for the health of Palestinian Authority Chairman Yasser Arafat.	2
1	Bush, Kerry Joined by Political Stars on Campaign Trail  A trio of political stars are joining President Bush and John Kerry on the campaign trail, with just eight days to go in the tight US presidential race.	0 1
3	Europe to lift import barriers  The European Union yesterday said it would lift trade sanctions that are damaging American exporters after President Bush last week signed a bill to revamp the corporate tax code and end an illegal export subsidy.	0
0	Blair to stay for third term  DAVID HARDAKER: Britain #39;s Prime Minister Tony Blair has announced he #39;s to be admitted to hospital later today Australian time for a heart procedure.	3
0	Blair faces crucial Labour test  With opinion polls stacking against him, British Prime Minister Tony Blair is making a crucial speech to his Labour Party conference on Tuesday.	3
0	Kerry to Give Dems Leftover Campaign Cash (AP)  AP - Under friendly fire, Sen. John Kerry likely will donate a substantial portion of his excess presidential campaign cash to help elect Democratic candidates in 2005 and 2006, advisers said Thursday.	1
1	Poll suggests Kerry has lead in swing states  COLUMBUS, OHIO - John Kerry appealed to African-American voters on Sunday, as he pushed ahead with his campaign to unseat George W. Bush.	0 1
1	Rice to Have Minor Surgery on Friday  Secretary of State-designate Condoleezza Rice will have a minor surgical procedure on Friday while President Bush is away on a trip to Chile, her spokesman said.	0
0	Kerry Mocks Bush's Reaction to Economic Figures  Senator John Kerry said today that the president has tried to sugarcoat some clear signs that the country is on the wrong path.	1
0	Arafat admits 'mistakes' to MPs  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat makes a rare admission that "unacceptable mistakes" have been made under him.	2
0	Kerry: Bush Out of Touch, Out of Ideas, Out of Time (Reuters)  Reuters - Democratic challenger John Kerry, pumped up by polls showing he won all three debates with President Bush, dismissed the Republican incumbent on Thursday as out of touch, out of ideas and out of time.	0 1
0	Kerry slams Cheney as "Minister of Disinformation" over weapons drama (AFP)  AFP - John Kerry slammed Vice President Dick Cheney as  quot;Minister of Disinformation, quot; and accused the White House of  quot;dodging and bobbing and weaving quot; to evade blame over missing explosives in Iraq.	1
0	Kerry Accuses Bush Admin. on Troop Plan  ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. - Democratic Sen...	1
0	World leaders hope for fresh start with Bush  With a few notable exceptions, world leaders #39; reaction to George W. Bush #39;s electoral victory has been muted. As he declared victory on Wednesday afternoon, Bush said he is proud of his active international 	0
0	Kerry Warns Middle Class Against Bush  WASHINGTON - Massachusetts Sen. John Kerry accused President Bush on Sunday of planning a surprise second-term attempt to privatize Social Security, and forecast a "disaster for America's middle class." Republican party chairman Ed Gillespie called the charge "just flat inaccurate."   The clash erupted as Kerry and his running mate both appealed to Florida voters to cast their ballots as early as Monday under the state's early voting program...	0 1
0	Palestinian unrest about Arafat puts Lebanon on alert  The Israeli Air Force scrambled several jets last week, fearing possible attacks from Palestinians upset by Yasser Arafat #39;s condition.	2
0	Factions attempt unity as Arafat #39;s condition wavers  Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia met in Gaza City yesterday with leaders of the main Pales-tinian armed factions and security officials in a bid to prevent any outbreak of violence if Palestinian President Yasser Arafat dies.	2
0	Aid to Palestinians Approved  President Bush  approved Wednesday  $20 million in direct aid to the Palestinian Authority, as part of a broader White House strategy to pursue peace in the Middle East following Yasser Arafat's death.	0 2
1	Bush and his rival clash repeatedly on Iraq war  CLEVELAND Senator John Kerry and President George W. Bush clashed repeatedly over Iraq, with Kerry branding it  quot;the wrong war in the wrong place at the wrong time quot; and saying he wanted all American troops home within four years, while Bush defended the 	0 1
0	Palestinian Leadership to Confront Arafat #39;s Angry Wife  The caretaker Palestinian leadership decided today to travel to Yasser Arafats bedside, reversing a decision to call off the trip after being lambasted by the ailing 75-year-old leaders wife.	2
1	Post-Election, Hollywood Seen as Liability to Left (Reuters)  Reuters - Hollywood is licking its wounds after an election that saw voters not only reject the candidate it anointed -- Democrat John Kerry -- but repudiate the values that the liberal stronghold cherishes.	1
3	Congress extends President #39;s tax cuts  The House and Senate last night overwhelmingly voted to extend three tax cuts aimed at the middle class along with a bevy of business-tax breaks, sending President Bush a 	0
0	Edwards: Religion Shouldn't Divide Voters (AP)  AP - John Edwards says voters should know that religion is important to him and to presidential candidate John Kerry but the issue shouldn't be used to divide people in the election.	1
0	Palestinian leaders meet without Arafat  Leaders of the Palestine Liberation Organisation have met for the first time in decades without Yasser Arafat. The executive committee meeting was held in Mr Arafat #39;s battered headquarters in the West Bank 	2
0	Israel Parliament to Start Winter Session  JERUSALEM - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, who has alienated his right-wing Likud party with plans to withdraw from Gaza, begins a new legislative session fighting for his government's survival.    Lawmakers were scheduled to vote on two motions of no confidence Monday, the first day of Israel's winter parliamentary session...	4
0	Bush Mocks Kerry's Leadership Credentials  KING OF PRUSSIA, Pa. - President Bush mocked John Kerry's credentials to be commander in chief Wednesday, saying the way to bring U.S...	0 1
0	Health ; Arafat #39;s condition described  #39;very serious #39; (LEAD <b>...</b>  Health News, Clamart (France),Amid wildly contradicting rumours Tuesday about the condition of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, a French official said Arafat was not dead as of 3:30 pm (14:30 GMT).	2
1	Sharon Wins Vote to Rescue Gaza Pullout  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon speaks to reporters after casting his ballot at the Likud party meeting in Tel Aviv, Israel, Thursday Dec.9, 2004.	4
0	Observers OK'd for Palestinian Elections (AP)  AP - Israel will allow international observers to monitor upcoming elections to replace Yasser Arafat as head of the Palestinian Authority, Israel's foreign minister said Wednesday in another indication of easing of tensions since Arafat's death.	2
1	Sharon rejects Gaza referendum demand  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon rejected a demand Sunday by Jewish settlers that he hold a national referendum on his plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip.	4
1	Embattled Sharon Vows to Save Govt., Gaza Pullout  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, his government in ruins, vowed Thursday to rebuild it by recruiting the Labor Party to stave off snap elections and carry out his Gaza withdrawal plan on schedule in 2005.	4
0	Berlusconi and Blair hope for end to Najaf fighting (AFP)  AFP - Italy's Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi and British Prime Minister Tony Blair expressed hope that the new Iraqi government and its US allies reach a solution to the conflict in the Shiite holy city of Najaf.	3
0	Who could follow Arafat?  BBC Middle East analyst Roger Hardy assesses the Palestinian figures who may succeed to Yasser Arafat.	2
1	Exit Strategies of Presidential Candidates  Description: Sen. John Kerry says troops should come home from Iraq in four years. President George Bush does not set a timeline. To find out more about the candidates #39; policies, NPR #39;s Robert Siegel talks with Kerry supporter retired Gen.	1
0	Sharon loses crucial party vote  Ariel Sharon, the Israeli prime minister, suffered a massive blow to his project to withdraw from settlements in the Gaza Strip last night when his party refused to allow him to invite new partners into the government who might have backed his plans. 	4
0	Hostage Begs the British to Remove Troops in Iraq  Margaret Hassan begged Prime Minister Tony Blair to save her life by withdrawing troops from Iraq.	3
1	Ayad Allawi Generates a Can-Do Aura  Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi leans on a lectern in the Rose Garden, a swagger in his pose. He #39;s side by side with President George W. Bush, a man who knows something about swaggering.	0
1	Intelligence bill foes appear firm  President Bush urged Congress again Saturday to pass the intelligence restructuring bill, but key House opponents appeared to remain firm, and some dissenters began to emerge in the Senate.	0
0	Bush's National Guard File Missing Records (AP)  AP - Documents that should have been written to explain gaps in President Bush's Texas Air National Guard service are missing from the military records released about his service in 1972 and 1973, according to regulations and outside experts.	0
0	Sharon Battles to Save Government from Collapse   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Reeling from a parliamentary defeat,  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon prepared on Thursday to  open coalition talks to save his shattered government and avoid  early elections that could stall his Gaza withdrawal plan.	4
0	Israel  #39;determined to complete Gaza plan #39;  Israel is determined to go ahead with its unilateral withdrawal from the Gaza Strip - regardless of the death of Yasser Arafat and even if settlers resist - a top Israeli general who helped design the plan says.	2
1	Bush closes in on re-election  President Bush edged closer to re-election Wednesday, holding fast to a six-figure lead in make-or-break Ohio. Democratic vice presidential candidate John Edwards counseled John Kerry against swift surrender.	0 1
0	UK minister visits Arafat grave  UK Foreign Secretary Jack Straw lays a wreath at the grave of former Palestinian Leader Yasser Arafat.	2
3	Bush Scraps U.S. Trade Embargo on Libya  President Bush Monday scrapped the U.S. trade embargo on Libya in a reward for giving up weapons of mass destruction, the U.S. Treasury Department said on its Web site.	0
1	Rather Again Finds Himself As News Maker (AP)  AP - From his pitched exchange with President Bush's father to bizarre incidents like his 1986 mugging, Dan Rather has become the news with uncomfortable frequency during his four decades at CBS.	0
1	Poll finds Bush enjoys solid lead over Kerry after convention  US President George W. Bush emerged from the Republican National Convention last week with a solid lead over his Democratic challenger, Senator John Kerry, a Washington Post-ABC News poll published on Friday showed.	0 1
0	Bush's Statement on Arafat's Death (AP)  AP - President Bush's statement on the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, as issued by the White House:	0 2
1	Candidates Trade Jabs On Campaign Trail  BOSTON -- President George W. Bush and Sen. John Kerry sharpened their attacks on the campaign trail while preparing for Wednesday #39;s final debate.	0 1
0	Winners and losers (USATODAY.com)  USATODAY.com - Republicans were the clear winners Tuesday as President Bush won re-election and the party expanded its majorities in both the Senate and House of Representatives. Democrats emerged from the polls with a bad case of the "blues" and a mandate to figure out what went wrong.	0
1	Britain agrees to troop redeployment to back Fallujah offensive  On October 21, the Labour government of Prime Minister Tony Blair confirmed that it would accede to a US request to redeploy approximately 850 troops and support staff from their 	3
0	Obsessed with his own survival, Arafat couldn #39;t deliver his people <b>...</b>  In a milieu where assassination is the normal vehicle for succession and alliances shift as rapidly as sand grains in the tidal zone, Arafat remained the premier spokesman for the Palestinian people for 35 years and died in bed at age 75.	2
1	Democrats Protest Anti-Kerry Ads at Bush #39;s Ranch  A former US senator who lost both legs and an arm in combat in Vietnam went to President Bush #39;s Texas ranch Wednesday to deliver a letter defending Democratic Party presidential candidate John Kerry.	0 1
0	Abortion provokes ethics clash for US presidential contenders (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush vowed Friday that no public money would be spent on abortion -- which with embryonic stem cell research provoked an impassioned ethical clash with Democratic challenger John Kerry.	0 1
0	Upper Midwest Crucial to Kerry's Hopes (AP)  AP - In 2000, political pundits summed up the race in three words: Florida, Florida, Florida. Here's three words to consider this fall: Wisconsin, Iowa and Minnesota. President Bush is targeting their combined 27 electoral votes  #151; the same total as Florida, where a bitterly contested recount settled the last election.	0 1
1	Bush Nominates Sam Bodman as Energy Secretary  President Bush nominated Deputy Treasury Secretary Sam Bodman as his choice for energy secretary on Friday as he nearly completed his second-term Cabinet.	0
3	In Mr. Bush's Neighborhood, a Peculiar Intersection  The relationship between President Bush and Wall Street has always been a tangled one, layered with paradox and outright contradiction.	0
0	Israeli PM receives death threats  Israeli police are investigating telephone death threats made against Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and the man charged with implementing his plan to pull Jewish settlers out of Gaza.	4
0	EU leaders discuss bigger role in Iraq, better ties with Bush  European Union leaders on Thursday considered taking on a bigger role in rebuilding Iraq and forging stronger ties with re-elected President Bush.	0
0	Blair defends war, urges Labour Party to close ranks and fight for <b>...</b>  Prime Minister Tony Blair tried Tuesday to heal divisions over the Iraq war and unite his Labour Party to fight for a historic third term in power, acknowledging that intelligence used to justify the invasion was wrong but insisting the world was safer 	3
1	Iraq dominates debate  Bee Washington Bureau. CORAL GABLES, Fla. - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry clashed repeatedly Thursday evening in a series of sharp exchanges on foreign policy that revealed starkly different 	0 1
0	Netanyahu backs off threat to quit  JERUSALEM -- Israeli Finance Minister Benjamin Netanyahu yesterday took back his threat to withdraw from the governing Likud party, but a minority religious party quit Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's coalition, protesting the plan to remove Israeli settlers and troops from the Gaza Strip and a portion of the West Bank.	4
1	Bush Nominates Condoleezza Rice For Powell #39;s Job  WASHINGTON -- President George W. Bush has tapped national security adviser Condoleezza Rice to be secretary of state. Rice will replace Colin Powell, who has resigned.	0
3	Bush #39;s Jobs Albatross  As Republicans gather in New York, the lackluster job market must dishearten President Bush. He had hoped that a strong economic recovery would favor his re-election, and in some ways, he #39;s gotten his wish.	0
0	Sharon Wins Crucial Party Vote  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon easily won a crucial party vote to reinforce his shaky government to carry out his Gaza pullout plan, party officials announced Thursday.	4
0	Blair Won't Apologize Over Iraq (AP)  AP - Prime Minister Tony Blair vigorously denied on Wednesday that he misrepresented intelligence about Iraqi weapons before the war, rejecting growing demands in Parliament to apologize for misleading his country.	3
1	Northern Ireland talks grind on through night  LEEDS CASTLE, England : Talks to restore home rule to Northern Ireland ground on as British Prime Minister Tony Blair and Ireland #39;s Bertie Ahern pushed rival Catholic and Protestant parties toward a lasting peace deal.	3
0	Black Watch home by Christmas - PM  Prime Minister Tony Blair has promised soldiers of the Black Watch they would be home for Christmas after their Iraq tour of duty - with ministers poised to agree a US request for them to replace American troops.	3
1	Bush, Kerry clash in debate  President Bush and Sen. John Kerry squared off Thursday night in their first debate, both saying they are the strongest candidates to lead the nation in the War on Terror.	0 1
0	Aide: Arafat Not In Coma, In ICU  PARIS (CBS) A senior aide to Yasser Arafat said early Sunday that the ailing Palestinian leader was not comatose but still in intensive care.	2
1	Bush sees Iraqi elections as top priority for US plan  US President George W. Bush announced here on Thursday his five-step plan for reconstruction of Iraq, saying to help Iraq conduct national elections no later than next January is  quot;the most important step.	0
0	Sharon Says Gaza Settlers to Leave Homes  JERUSALEM - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon late Thursday ordered a troop pullout from a refugee camp, defense officials said, signaling that a two-week offensive in northern Gaza that has left more than 100 Palestinians dead could be easing.    The move came hours after Sharon announced that all 8,200 Jewish settlers will be pulled out of the Gaza Strip starting next summer and the operation will last 12 weeks...	4
0	Bush, Kerry Pause to Trade Barbs on Iraq  SPRING GREEN, Wis. - President Bush and rival John Kerry paused from private debate practice on Monday to accuse each other of lack of clarity on Iraq as they campaigned in "must win" states for each - the Republican incumbent in Ohio and his Democratic challenger in Wisconsin...	0 1
0	Arafat to Be Flown for Treatment in France   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Seriously ailing  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat agreed on Thursday to be  rushed to a French hospital as fears grew for the icon of the  struggle for a Palestinian state.	2
0	Lawyer Advising Vets Quits Bush Campaign  WASHINGTON - One of President Bush's top lawyers resigned from his campaign Wednesday, a day after disclosing that he had given legal advice to a veterans group airing TV ads challenging Democrat John Kerry's Vietnam War service. The guidance included checking ad scripts, the group said...	0
1	Swift Boat defense costs Kerry  Democrat John Kerry has fallen behind President Bush this week because his campaign has had to spend time, money and energy voicing its outrage about the Swift Boat Veterans.	0 1
1	Distraction Obscures Real Issues  It #39;s like that television ad,  quot;Another loan lost to Ditech. quot; This was another week lost to the Republicans. George W. Bush #39;s proven failure to fulfill his National Guard duties 	0
0	Nations voice concern for Arafat  Leaders around the world express concern for the health of ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat.	2
1	Presidential wins  amp; losses  George W. Bush was elected to a second term, but that was only one of his victories. He was victorious over the terrorists in Iraq.	0
1	Arafat #39;s medical records show  #39;no poison #39;  Medical files showed tests performed on Yasser Arafat #39;s body found no evidence the Palestinian leader was poisoned. Arafat #39;s medical records were released to his nephew, Nasser al-Kidwa, on Monday despite objections from Arafat #39;s widow Suha.	2
0	Palestine Demands Unconditional Peace Talks  The Palestinian administration demanded that the Israeli-Palestinian peace talks be  quot;unconditional quot; and therefore refused the conditions of Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon to resume them.	4
1	Tough talk keeps Bush ahead in race for White House  President George W Bush has shored up his narrow lead in the race for the White House, a poll suggested yesterday, after his combative performance in the second presidential debate 	0
0	Blair backs Turkey #39;s EU entry  Tony Blair has vowed to usher Turkey into the European Union as soon as possible following a recommendation that negotiations should get under way.	3
0	Israeli Woman Killed in Attack on Gaza Settlement   GAZA (Reuters) - A Palestinian mortar bomb slammed into a  house in a Jewish settlement in the Gaza Strip on Friday,  killing a woman and fueling settler anger over Prime Minister  Ariel Sharon's plan to pull Israelis out of the area.	4
0	Kerry Scores Two Votes in Iowa Balloting (AP)  AP - Presidential candidate John Kerry was a double winner Thursday when two Iowans  #151; both young Democratic Party activists  #151; cast the state's first votes of the 2004 election.	1
1	Bush Says Kerry Has Many, Many Positions on Iraq  President Bush accused Democrat John Kerry on Friday of having more positions on Iraq than all his 99 colleagues in the Senate combined and said if the Massachusetts 	0
0	Arafat and his legacy  Yasser Arafat dominated the politics of the Middle East for four decades, and his death comes at a moment when the way ahead for this most intractable of conflicts has rarely looked so uncertain.	2
0	Bush Wants  #36;3.1 Billion for Hurricane Aid (AP)  AP - With many lawmakers eager to help their own regions, Congress is unlikely to act as quickly on President Bush's latest request for hurricane aid as they did on his first package.	0
0	Blair is  #39;absolutely fine #39; after medical procedure  LONDON Prime Minister Tony Blair underwent a successful medical procedure on his heart Friday, correcting an irregular beat that was diagnosed and first treated in October 2003.	3
3	UK #39;s Turner to Show Pension Funds Falling, Watson Wyatt Says  A government-commissioned report on UK pensions will say tomorrow that retirement savings are less than previously estimated, pension experts said, putting pressure on Prime Minister Tony Blair to act before elections.	3
0	Bush Nominates His Top Counsel for Justice Post  President Bush said that Alberto R.Gonzales had been "a calm and steady voice at times of crisis" as his White House counsel.	0
0	Blair defiant over weapons report  Tony Blair has reacted defiantly to the official confirmation Saddam Hussein had no weapons of mass destruction. After more than a year of searching, the Iraq Survey Group found no evidence he had chemical 	3
0	Arafat #39;s condition is improving, aide says  PARIS -- Yasser Arafat #39;s health is improving, one of his aides said Tuesday, repeating that tests have ruled out leukemia as the cause of the Palestinian leader #39;s health problems.	2
0	Bush Stops in Colombia, Pledges Aid for Drug War  CARTAGENA, Colombia--President Bush pledged more funding to support Colombia #39;s fight against drugs and violence during a visit Monday to the world #39;s cocaine capital, telling 	0
0	Arafat's condition obscured by swirling rumors, intrigue  PARIS -- The word on Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat's health yesterday afternoon was brief and to the point.  quot;There is no change; he is still in a critical condition, quot; Nabil Abu Irdineh, one of his longtime senior aides, told reporters and cameramen who descended upon him when he entered the ornate lobby of the Intercontinental Le Grand Hotel.	2
0	Edwards Stays on Message During Campaign (AP)  AP - As the No. 2 man on the Democratic ticket, John Edwards' job is to stay on message, praising presidential candidate John Kerry and going after Kerry's opponents. The vice presidential running mate is not to bring unwanted attention to the team.	1
0	U.S. Servicemen React to Bush Guard Memos  ALBANY, Ga. - Some current and retired members of the National Guard and other military services say they aren't bothered by newly revealed memos that indicate President Bush got preferential treatment in the Air National Guard during the Vietnam War, while others say they are troubling...	0
1	Bush Says World Safer; Kerry Argues Danger Increased (Update1)  President George W. Bush said the invasion of Iraq made the world safer when a voter asked about now-discredited intelligence leading up to the war during a town- hall debate with four-term Massachusetts Senator John Kerry.	0 1
0	Embattled Sharon Vows to Save Govt., Gaza Pullout   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon,  his government in ruins, vowed Thursday to rebuild it by  recruiting the Labor Party to stave off snap elections and  carry out his Gaza withdrawal plan on schedule in 2005.	4
0	Palestinian Attack Kills Woman in Gaza Settlement (Reuters)  Reuters - A Palestinian mortar bomb slammed into a house in a Jewish settlement in the Gaza Strip Friday, killing a woman and fueling settler anger over Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's plan to pull Israelis out of the area.	4
0	Bush to Tour Damage Again Before Debate (AP)  AP - He was going to be in the neighborhood anyway for a debate, so President Bush slipped another tour of hurricane damage onto his schedule Thursday, this time of the Treasure Coast area north of Miami.	0
1	Sen. Clinton blasts Bush, urges women to vote in West Palm Beach  WEST PALM BEACH  Blasting President Bush for undoing the  quot;good things quot; her husband did in office, US Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton on Saturday urged hundreds of Democratic women to vote early 	0
1	Iraqi kidnappers behead abducted Briton on videotape  Kidnappers beheaded hostage Kenneth Bigley after twice releasing videos in which made a plea for his life to British Prime Minister Tony Blair.	3
1	Composed Kerry builds momentum  ALTHOUGH both sides claimed victory, John Kerry again outpolled George W. Bush after a feisty clash over issues ranging from Iraq to abortion at a  quot;town hall quot; style presidential debate in St Louis.	0 1
3	Bush vows to work on WTO, blasts Airbus  CRAWFORD, Texas - President Bush pledged Friday to work with Congress to comply with a WTO ruling in a row over payment of anti-dumping duties to US companies, and said he expected the trade body to hold Europe to account over  quot;unfair quot; subsidies to 	0
0	US holds off as Europeans back Annan  UNITED NATIONS -- Britain, Germany, France, Russia, and China rallied around UN Secretary General Kofi Annan yesterday, but President Bush refused to explicitly endorse the UN chief under fire over suspected corruption in an Iraqi-oil sales program.	0
0	Kerry, Bush Clash Over Iraq and Allawi  PHILADELPHIA - Clashing over Iraq, Sen. John Kerry said Friday that President Bush's policies made the war against terror harder to win and "let Osama bin Laden slip away." Bush chastised his Democratic rival for questioning the motives of Iraq's interim prime minister...	0 1
0	Blair warned against troops help to US in Iraq  LONDON - British Prime Minister Tony Blair has been warned not to put British troops in Iraq in danger merely as a political gesture to the American administration.	3
0	Arafat's Diagnosis May Soon Be Revealed (AP)  AP - Nearly a week after his death, speculation still swirls around what killed Yasser Arafat. Cirrhosis of the liver, AIDS, a blood disorder and poisoning are frequently mentioned in unconfirmed reports  #151; all consistent with the little that is publicly known about the medical condition that landed the Palestinian leader in a French hospital.	2
1	Arafat #39;s Wife Launches Emotional Attack  Senior Palestinian leaders flew to Paris Monday to assess the health of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat. They had hesitated briefly after Arafat #39;s wife launched a tirade 	2
0	Battered Blair pushes domestic agenda  LONDONRarely has a politician looked as beleaguered as Tony Blair, yet still poised for victory. Branded a liar by a majority of voters, detested by many in his Labour party and dogged by rumours of his 	3
1	Bush keeps slight lead in Florida  President Bush narrowly leads Sen. John Kerry in electoral vote-rich Florida, a new USA TODAY/CNN/Gallup Poll finds. Those results give Bush a lead in eight of 11 battleground states surveyed this month.	0 1
0	Kennedy issues fresh Iraq attack  Charles Kennedy launches a fresh attack on Tony Blair's policy over Iraq, as the Lib Dem conference begins.	3
0	Edwards Stumps in Democratic Stronghold (AP)  AP - Vice presidential candidate John Edwards on Wednesday sought to assure black supporters that he and John Kerry have "fought for this community our entire lives"  #151; and would continue doing so  #151; on a day devoted to reaching out to the base in the Democratic stronghold of northeast Ohio.	1
0	Israel welcomes Rice nomination; Palestinians wary  Israel on Tuesday warmly welcomed the naming of Condoleezza Rice as America #39;s top diplomat, but Palestinians were wary, saying the new Bush administration must put more energy into the quest for Middle East peace.	0
3	Bush Picks Kellogg #39;s Gutierrez as US Commerce Chief (Update1)  President George W. Bush picked Carlos Gutierrez, who rose from being a political refugee from Cuba to chairman and chief executive of Kellogg Co.	0
1	Bush, Kerry return to hotly contested states  President Bush and John Kerry are returning Friday to hotly contested states, with Bush unveiling sharp new criticisms of his challenger in Pennsylvania and Kerry traveling to the battleground of Wisconsin.	0 1
1	Blair to meet Musharraf in London  The Pakistani leader jetted in from Washington, where he held counsel with US president George Bush over the weekend. Tony Blair and general Musharraf are expected to discuss the war on terrorism, global trade 	3
2	USC's Bush to Start at Tailback (AP)  AP - Reggie Bush usually comes off the bench for No. 1 Southern California. He'll start at tailback for the Trojans against Oklahoma in the Orange Bowl.	0
0	Kerry accuses Vietnam critics of illegal ties to Bush campaign (AFP)  AFP - Democratic White House hopeful John Kerry's campaign has formally alleged that a group attacking his Vietnam war record had illegal ties to US President George W. Bush's re-election bid.	0 1
0	Kerry blasts Iraq invasion as "historic" failure (AFP)  AFP - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry delivered his sharpest attack yet on the Iraq war, accusing President George W. Bush of  quot;colossal failures of judgment quot; that created a  quot;crisis of historic proportions. quot;	0 1
0	Arafat doctors found 'no poison'  Medical tests showed no traces of poisons in Yasser Arafat's body, says the former  Palestinian leader's nephew.	2
0	Bush Pans for Votes in Southern Oregon (AP)  AP - If President Bush is to win Oregon on Election Day, he must go panning for votes in places like this historic gold-mining boomtown in the southern part of the state.	0
0	Iraq looms darkly over British Labour Party conclave (AFP)  AFP - Iraq loomed menacingly over the annual conference of Britain's governing Labour Party, spoiling the efforts of Prime Minister Tony Blair to focus minds on domestic issues ahead of an expected general election next year.	3
1	FACTBOX-Speakers at Republican National Convention  Following are brief profiles of the main speakers at the Republican National Convention here from Aug. 30-Sept. 2, where President Bush will accept his party #39;s nomination to run for re-election: 	0
1	Narrow Goal Pays Off Again for Bush  The surprise last night was that there were so few surprises. Just as President Bush #39;s strategists have been predicting for years, it was another breathtakingly close election.	0
0	Elections and stability  #39;are crucial to British security #39;  Tony Blair said yesterday that establishing democracy in Iraq was  quot;absolutely crucial quot; for British security as he paid tribute to the dead soldiers of the Black Watch.	3
0	Blair  #39;Should Broker Deal to Boost Aid Spending #39;  Prime Minister Tony Blair was urged today to use Britains upcoming presidency of the G8 to broker a global agreement to cancel poor countries debt and double spending on aid.	3
0	Weak Arafat Heads to Paris for Treatment (AP)  AP - An ailing Yasser Arafat  #151; too weak to stand, unable to hold down food and spending most of Thursday sleeping  #151; agreed to leave his battered West Bank compound for the first time in more than two years and fly to Paris for urgent medical treatment.	2
0	Democrat Edwards Courts Women Voters (AP)  AP - Democrat John Edwards said Thursday that President Bush has done too little to make the nation safer, reaching out to women voters who have said in surveys they believe Bush would do a better job than the Democrats of protecting the country.	0
0	Iraq, Economy Weigh on Fla. Voters' Minds  STUART, Fla. - The four hurricanes that pounded Florida this season froze the state's presidential campaign in place, with President Bush fighting to keep Florida in his column amid voter concerns about Iraq and the local economy...	0
0	Leader rejects Blair  #39;second wave #39; claim  Iraq #39;s interim prime minister, Ayad Allawi, yesterday contradicted Tony Blair #39;s claim that there was a new conflict inside Iraq and dismissed fears of a civil war.	3
0	Lehrer Brings Low-Key Style to Debate (AP)  AP - If rhetorical fireworks light up Thursday's foreign policy debate between President Bush and John Kerry, don't expect moderator Jim Lehrer to ignite them.	0 1
1	Bush Attacks Kerry as Weak on Security  President Bush said on Friday that Americans had to judge who would keep them safer from terrorism, portraying Senator John Kerry as dangerously nave and so 	0 1
0	Control of US Senate hinges on handful of hard-fought contests (AFP)  AFP - A handful of nail-biter contests could flip control of the US Senate to the Democrats in the November 2 election, while the House of Representatives is expected to remain firmly in the grasp of George W. Bush's Republican Party.	0
0	British researchers trace John Kerry's family back to European royalty (Canadian Press)  Canadian Press - LONDON (AP) - Senator John Kerry has blue blood from all the royal houses of Europe, with even more titled relations than President George W. Bush, Burke's Peerage said Monday.	0 1
0	Blair calls for long-term effort to overcome 'global catastrophe' (AFP)  AFP - Prime Minister Tony Blair called for a long-term effort from the international community to help overcome the tsunami tragedy in Asia which he said was a "global catastrophe".	3
1	Bush heralds intelligence reform  President Bush said Saturday his newly enacted changes in the nation #39;s intelligence community will  quot;improve America #39;s ability to find, track and stop dangerous terrorists 	0
0	Bush to welcome Blair to White House November 11-12 (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush readied to host British Prime Minister Tony Blair, the first foreign leader to visit the White House since Bush's re-election and ahead of Iraq's January elections.	0 3
1	New Bush Ad Attacks Kerry; Kerry Says Bush Negative #39; (Update1)  President George W. Bush #39;s re- election campaign said it will start running television ads today challenging Democratic nominee John Kerry #39;s pledge not to raise taxes on the middle class.	0 1
0	Kerry Might Pay Price for Failing to Strike Back Quickly  Senator John Kerry's response to the long series of attacks on his Vietnam record may prove pivotal to his hopes for victory in the fall.	1
0	Factions boycott Palestinian presidential election  LEADERSHIP: Hamas and Islamic Jihad said they want nothing to do with the election of a new leader to replace Yasser Arafat. Hamas also vowed to keep up attacks on Israel.	2
0	Women Key to Kerry's Hopes, Experts Say (AP)  AP - Cynthia Moore  #151; single mother, moderate Democrat  #151; is the living embodiment of one of Sen. John Kerry's biggest challenges in the presidential race. There are things she doesn't like about President Bush, she says, but the president will get her vote on Nov. 2 because she thinks he'll do a better job of protecting her two daughters.	0 1
0	Bush offers NI process support  US president George W Bush offers his support to efforts to achieve a breakthrough in the NI political process.	0
1	Liver Failure Ails Arafat  Palestine #39;s ailing leader Yasser Arafat was diagnosed with liver failure, according to an unnamed official. He added that the President #39;s condition was not improving.	2
1	Kerry Concedes Election  Nov. 3, 2004 - Sen. John Kerry called for bipartisan unity as he publicly conceded the presidential election, making President Bush the first Republican re-elected to the White House since the late Ronald Reagan.	1
1	More on John Kerry  WASHINGTON -- President Bush #39;s campaign claimed victory today in one of the longest and hardest fought presidential campaigns in US history, but for the second successive presidential election, he will have to wait for the resolution of a voting dispute 	0
0	Arafat in Hospital Near Paris for Treatment of Mystery Illness  A mysterious ailment has weakened Yasir Arafat and raised concerns that Palestinian politics could be plunged into turmoil.	2
0	Pied-piper police guard Bush from protests (AFP)  AFP - Reporters who tail US President George W. Bush around the world were surprised by a  quot;Pied Piper quot;-like method for minimizing protests at a rally in the crucial state of Ohio.	0
0	News Analysis: Arafat #39;s health shocks Mideast peace track  When ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat arrived at Paris Friday for medical treatment, his deteriorating health condition sent shockwave across the Middle East political arena.	2
0	Blair rejects tally of Iraq war dead  Tony Blair has rejected a call for an independent inquiry into the civilian death toll in the US-led war in Iraq. The call came on Wednesday in an open letter to the 	3
0	Blair admitted to Hammersmith Hospital for heart operation :  World News  gt; London, Oct 1 : British Prime Minister Tony Blair was today admitted to the Hammersmith Hospital in west London for corrective treatment of an irregular heartbeat.	3
1	Hostage in wire cage renews his plea to Blair  A British hostage in Iraq has again appealed to British Prime Minister Tony Blair to help free him. The videotape aired on Wednesday left his family relieved 	3
3	Bush taps Carlos Gutierrez to replace Evans  WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- President Bush announced Monday that Kellogg chief executive Carlos Gutierrez would replace Don Evans as Commerce secretary, naming the first of many expected changes to his economic team.	0
1	Jet sent for former president Bush crashes  A PRIVATE jet en route to Houston to pick up former US president George Bush crashed in fog yesterday, killing all three people on board.	0
0	Congress OKs  $136B Corporate Tax-Cut Bill  WASHINGTON - The Senate shipped President Bush a wide-ranging  $136 billion corporate tax-cut bill and a disaster aid package on Monday, letting lawmakers head home for the finale of the presidential and congressional campaigns.    Florida, a vote-rich prize that both parties covet, will be chief beneficiary of the  $14.5 billion disaster measure as the state rebuilds from a battering by four recent hurricanes...	0
3	Putin Tells Bush Russia Boosting Oil Exports  Russian President Vladimir Putin told President Bush on Monday that Russian oil companies were boosting production as well as exports and would continue to do so.	0
0	Bush, Kerry Lob Post-Debate Assaults (AP)  AP - President Bush criticized Sen. John Kerry as a liberal trying to hide from his own record Thursday as the two men entered the last, post-debate lap of a close race for the White House. The Democratic challenger said his rival "fights, literally, for the privileged few."	0 1
0	Bush, Kerry Clash on State of Economy  BROADVIEW HEIGHTS, Ohio - Good news, or bad? President Bush and Democrat John Kerry had differing takes Saturday about the vitality of the nation's jobs market - a question that's heating up this year's race for the White House.    Bush, campaigning in Ohio - a pivotal state that has lost tens of thousands of manufacturing jobs, says a new U.S...	0 1
1	Arafat #39;s Doctors May Move Him to Hospital, Aides Say (Update7)  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, who fell ill yesterday, may be moved to a hospital in Ramallah amid signs his condition is deteriorating.	2
0	Bush Urges World to Unite With Iraq  UNITED NATIONS - President Bush, defending his decision to invade Iraq, urged a vast assembly of world leaders Tuesday to stand united with the country's struggling government and said the proper response to spreading violence "is not to retreat, it is to prevail."   The country's prime minister, Ayad Allawi, offered an upbeat assessment after Bush's speech to the General Assembly of the United Nations, saying, "We are winning, we are making progress in Iraq, we are defeating terrorists," even as insurgents claimed they had killed a second American hostage in two days.    Of the brutal slayings, Bush said, "We will not allow these thugs and terrorists to decide your fate and to decide our fate."   Yet in a sign of continuing world unease with the situation, U.N...	0
1	Bush and Kerry walk a knife-edge  GEORGE W. Bush and John Kerry will campaign into election day this morning as more than 100 million voters across the US brave long lines, heavy rain and snow to break the deadlocked race for the White House.	0 1
1	Ind. Woman Puts Anti-Bush Tattoo on Skull  BEDFORD, Ind. - Kerra Fowler is a mother of four who decided to wear her opposition to President Bush on the back of her head...	0
0	Bush Launches Counterattack on Kerry Over Iraq (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush on Tuesday accused his Democratic rival John Kerry of shifting his position on Iraq and reaffirmed his own commitment to the war.	0 1
3	Snow to Stay at Treasury  President Bush asked Treasury Secretary John Snow on Wednesday to stay in his administration, and Snow agreed, keeping a key member of Bush's economic team in place.	0
1	Bush, Kerry Are in Statistical Tie in Newsweek, Zogby Polls  US President George W. Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry are statistically tied in a Newsweek poll, which last week showed Bush leading by 5 percentage points.	0 1
0	Bush and Kerry in Dead Heat Ahead of Debate (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry are in a statistical dead heat in the White House race ahead of their second face-to-face debate, according to a Reuters/Zogby poll released on Friday.	0 1
0	Sharon will meet Assad  #39;under certain conditions #39;  TEL AVIV: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Thursday he was willing to meet Syrian President Bashar Assad under  quot;certain conditions, quot; an offer which Damascus swiftly turned down as unacceptable.	4
0	US rejects call for WTO complaint against Chinese yuan (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush's administration rejected a call by US lawmakers to take China to the World Trade Organization for  quot;currency manipulation. quot;	0
1	Bush, Kerry spar over missing weapons cache  ROCHESTER, Minn. -- For the third consecutive day, John Kerry took President Bush to task over the apparent disappearance of hundreds of tons of explosives in Iraq last year.	0 1
0	Senate Panel Votes to Raise AIDS Funding (AP)  AP - A Senate committee voted Wednesday to boost funds for battling AIDS and other diseases in poor nations but provided less than half what President Bush wanted for prodding countries to adopt democratic reforms.	0
0	Sharon seeks coalition go-ahead  Israeli PM Ariel Sharon's Likud party is to  vote on whether to invite the opposition Labour Party into the coalition.	4
0	US to boost Iraq troop numbers, Bush vows January elections  BAGHDAD (AFP) - The United States announced it would boost its forces in Iraq to their highest war-time level ahead of January #39;s crunch polls, as President George W. Bush insisted the elections would be held on time.	0
0	Bush Spends Thanksgiving at Texas Ranch (AP)  AP - President Bush spent a down-to-earth Thanksgiving Day at his ranch eating leftovers and riding his mountain bike  #151; a world away from Baghdad, his secret destination a year ago.	0
1	Arafat #39;s Death Remains a Mystery, Nephew Says After Seeing Records  Yasir Arafat #39;s nephew, Nasser al-Kidwa, said Monday that according to medical records released to him by the French Ministry of Defense there were no traces of known poisons 	2
2	Schilling delivers for Bush; team execs shill for Kerry  Curt Schilling wasn #39;t supposed to pitch again this year, but he #39;s endorsing President Bush in automated phone calls being made in three battleground states through Election Day.	0
0	Blair under fire on Iraq claims  Tony Blair has apologised for mistakes in pre-war intelligence on Iraq #39;s weapons of mass destruction but has denied deliberately deceiving anyone.	3
1	Bush May Mean Near-Term Gain, Later Pain for Blair  British Prime Minister Tony Blair may be relieved at Iraq ally George W. Bush #39;s re-election but analysts and politicians say any near-term gain could soon give way to problems 	0 3
0	Hu, Koizumi give congratulations  Chinese President Hu Jintao () and Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi both congratulated US President George W. Bush yesterday on his re-election and said they were looking forward to better relations with Washington.	0
1	Palestinian Leaders to Visit Arafat Despite Wife #39;s Objections  Palestinian leaders say they will go ahead with their trip to Paris to consult with French doctors about Yasser Arafat #39;s health, despite vehement objections by Mr.	2
1	Top Democrat: Kerry to hit Bush on Iraq  Mothers of US troops serving in Iraq will help Democratic presidential candidate Sen. John Kerry make the case Monday that President Bush #39;s optimistic view of the war does not reflect reality, Democratic 	0 1
1	Arafat Relative Escapes Gaza Bomb Blast  A top Palestinian security leader who is a relative of Yasser Arafat escaped unharmed when a car bomb exploded near his convoy in Gaza City, the latest sign of growing chaos as Israels planned Gaza pullout nears.	2
0	Arafat #39;s nephew says Palestinian leader may have died of  #39; <b>...</b>  Yasser Arafat #39;s nephew said yesterday his uncle may have died an  quot;unnatural quot; death, a statement certain to fuel speculation among Palestinians that their late-leader was poisoned.	2
0	President Bush, allies defend Iraq war from  quot;illegal quot; charge  WASHINGTON : President George W Bush Thursday joined a chorus of US-allied leaders in defending the Iraq war from UN chief Kofi Annan #39;s charge that it was illegal.	0
0	Bush-Martin back-slapping can #39;t hide ideological divide  OTTAWA (CP) - Two days of friendly banter couldn #39;t bridge the chasm separating George W. Bush and Paul Martin in style, substance and worldview.	0
0	Palestinian officials: Arafat era is over  Palestinian officials close to Yasser Arafat, who is being treated for illness in Paris, told CNN Saturday they have reached the conclusion that the era of Arafat as Palestinian leader is over.	2
0	US dismisses North Korea's personal attacks on Bush as "inappropriate" (AFP)  AFP - The United States dismissed as inappropriate North Korea's unusually strong personal attacks on President George W. Bush, but remained confident Pyongyang would attend talks to resolve the nuclear crisis in the Korean peninsula.	0
0	Kerry and Bush Face Off Over Deficit, War  ST. LOUIS - In a testy debate rematch Friday, Sen...	1
1	US tax cut zeal may sap will to cut deficits  Trimming bulging deficits that threaten the US economy should be a priority for a second-term Bush administration, analysts say, but a commitment to a tax-cutting agenda may thwart the effort.	0
0	On litter-strewn street, Palestinians mourn  After 36 years in which he influenced and dominated their lives, Arafat's death is still hard to absorb.	2
0	Palestinian aide: Arafat in coma  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat has been in a coma since Wednesday night in the intensive care unit at a military hospital in Paris, a senior Palestinian aide in the French capital told CNN.	2
1	* Plane carrying Arafat #39;s coffin takes off from French military <b>...</b>  * Israel seals off West Bank and Gaza Strip to prevent violence. Militant group Hamas vows to keep up attacks. * Israeli soldiers kill four Palestinians.	2
0	Views clash: hero, rogue  Yasser Arafat, fighting for his life in a French hospital Thursday, triggered a war of words about his legacy: Palestinians hailed a freedom fighter who saved them from national extinction; Jewish leaders welcomed the imminent death of a terrorist.	2
1	Kerry Picking Up Naders Populist Themes  On the home front and around the world, President Bush has failed the United States. His economic record is one of record deficits, loss of jobs, creation of low-wage jobs.	0 1
1	The next 4 years: a shift to  quot;ownership society quot;  President Bush is poised to pursue an aggressive  quot;ownership society quot; agenda of Social Security privatization, new tax breaks for savings and investment and additional incentives 	0
1	Bush will have to work hard for Social Security reform  If President Bush wants to push his plan to overhaul Social Security through Congress during his second term, he probably will have to do something he rarely did during his first term: get his hands dirty.	0
0	Man Linked to Bush Memos Contacted Cleland  AUSTIN, Texas - A retired Texas National Guard official mentioned as a possible source for disputed documents about President Bush's service in the Guard said he passed along information to a former senator working with John Kerry's campaign.    Also, a White House official said Saturday that Bush has reviewed disputed documents that purport to show he refused orders to take a physical examination in 1972 and did not recall having seen them previously...	0 1
0	Bush says delaying vote would send 'wrong signal'  WASHINGTON -- President Bush joined the interim president of Iraq yesterday in insisting that Iraqi elections be held Jan. 30, saying that keeping to the election schedule will deter insurgents and quicken the pace toward peace and democracy in Iraq.	0
0	Blair primed for first Bush talks  Tony Blair is set to fly to Washington to become the first foreign leader to meet George Bush since his re-election.	3
3	Kudos and caution voiced at economic summit  WASHINGTON -- A White House-picked parade of specialists lauded President Bush's policies at an economic summit yesterday, but some peppered their praise with warnings that the economy could tumble unless the White House comes up with viable plans to overhaul Social Security and halve the deficit.	0
0	Kerry Mocks Bush's 'Scowling Faces,' Leadership (Reuters)  Reuters - Democratic challenger John Kerry on Saturday claimed victory over President Bush in their second debate, mocked his rival's "scowling faces" and scoffed at the Republican incumbent's leadership skills.	0 1
0	Blair says no agreement in Northern Ireland talks (AFP)  AFP - Prime Minister Tony Blair said three days of last-ditch talks to revive Northern Ireland's peace process had ended without agreement.	3
0	An ominous watershed? 4 more years of trauma?  BEIRUT: Consistently second only to Ariel Sharon in terms of unpopularity among Arabs, US President George W. Bush #39;s re-election victory was greeted in the Arab world with a sense of disillusionment and foreboding.	0 4
0	Blair Makes Partial Iraq Apology to Win Back Party   BRIGHTON, England (Reuters) - Tony Blair offered his Labour  party on Tuesday a partial apology for waging war in Iraq,  striving to pull angry supporters behind him ahead of an  election next year.	3
0	Chafee: Reid Sounded Out Party Switch (AP)  AP - Republican Sen. Lincoln Chafee of Rhode Island, a moderate often at odds with GOP conservatives, disclosed Wednesday that the leader of Senate Democrats sounded him out about switching parties in the aftermath of President Bush's re-election.	0
1	Bush Back in Florida to See Hurricane Damage  President Bush got a look at damage from Hurricane Frances on Wednesday and doled out food and water to Florida residents in his fourth visit in a month to a state vital to his re-election hopes.	0
0	Shrugging Off Mutiny, Sharon Rejects Gaza Referendum   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli leader Ariel Sharon rejected  calls from within his mutinous cabinet on Wednesday for a  referendum on leaving Gaza after winning parliament's support  to uproot settlements from land claimed by Palestinians.	4
0	Sharon Seeks Support for Gaza Withdrawal (AP)  AP - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon opened a stormy debate in parliament Monday with a passionate appeal to lawmakers to support his Gaza withdrawal plan  #151; which has divided the country and weakened his government  #151; as the only way to secure Israel's future.	4
1	Terror attacks in Iraq aimed at impeding Bush #39;s reelection: Putin  Russian President Vladimir Putin, who is in Tajik capital of Dushanbe on a visit, said Monday that the terrorist attacks in Iraq were aimed at preventing US President George W. Bush from being reelected.	0
1	Bush, Kerry clash over Iraq  US President George W. Bush and his rival for the White House, Senator John Kerry, clashed over the war in Iraq on Monday as the two candidates tried to depict themselves 	0 1
1	Some in Jersey praise Arafat, others say he hindered peace  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, reportedly in a coma and lingering between life and death in a French hospital, was on the hearts and minds of several Palestinians as they left the North 	2
1	French doctors say Arafat improving, rule out leukemia  A French hospital treating Palestinians Authority Chairman Yasser Arafat said on Tuesday the leader #39;s condition was improving with treatment and ruled out leukemia.	2
0	Israel's Sharon Lines Up Support for Likud Vote   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  marshaled support for Thursday's Likud party vote to bring the  Labor Party into a government that would block snap elections  and pave the way for a Gaza withdrawal next year.	4
1	Blair faces rebellion over troop redeployment in Iraq  British Prime Minister Tony Blair faced a revolt on Wednesday from lawmakers who demanded a parliamentary vote on a US request to redeploy British troops in Iraq.	3
1	Tunisian Doctors: Arafat Suffering From Flu  A second group of Arab doctors has visited Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat and diagnosed him with a case of the flu. The team of Tunisian doctors conducted the second recent medical checkup for the 75-year 	2
0	Bush Tours Fla., Kerry Faults Bush on Oil  CORAL GABLES, Fla. - On the eve of the first presidential debate, President Bush toured hurricane-battered Florida for the fifth time in six weeks on Wednesday, while rival John Kerry blamed Bush for sky-high oil prices...	0 1
1	Chirac, Blair Strive for Unity After Iraq  French President Jacques Chirac agreed to disagree with Prime Minister Tony Blair over Iraq on Thursday but pledged full cooperation, from Africa to the Middle East, when Britain heads the G8 and European Union in 2005.	3
0	'No Child Left Behind' Top Education Issue  WASHINGTON - President Bush asked for it. Sen...	0
1	FRIDAY #39;S EDITORIAL  Yasser Arafat was as unpredictable in death as he was in life. The longtime leader of the Palestinians lingered for days, with the world unsure of the severity of his medical condition.	2
0	Bush calls on Arroyo to affirm ties  US President George W. Bush has called Philippines President Gloria Arroyo to say their countries should keep strong ties, Arroyo #39;s office said Sunday.	0
0	Bush Signs Into Law Debt Ceiling Increase  <p></p><p> WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Bush on Friday signed intolaw a measure authorizing an  $800 billion increase in thecredit limit of the United States, the White House said.</p>	0
0	Bush Sees Patriot Act Renewal As Key Goal (AP)  AP - Attorney General John Ashcroft is leaving but the top issues for the Justice Department are the same heading into President Bush's second term: persuading Congress to renew key parts of the anti-terrorism Patriot Act and continuing fundamental reforms at the FBI.	0
0	Barghouti poses serious challenge to Abbas  Imprisoned Palestinian uprising leader Marwan Barghouti is a serious challenger to interim leader Mahmoud Abbas in the January 9 elections to replace Yasser Arafat, according to polls published on Monday.	2
0	Palestinians Pledge Vote to Replace Arafat   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat's successors  promised a swift election to replace him on Saturday as  Palestinians flocked to his tomb to pay last respects to the  former guerrilla who symbolized their hopes of a state.	2
0	Official: FARC Sought Bush Assassination  Colombia's main rebel group asked followers to mount an assassination attempt against President Bush during his visit to Colombia last week, Defense Minister Jorge Uribe said. There was no evidence Saturday that rebels even tried to organize such an attack.	0
0	Bush Benefits From Efforts to Build a Coalition of the Faithful  President Bush has built relationships over the last four years with a range of religious leaders. The payoff came on Election Day.	0
1	CBS Bush story hurt journalism  I am inclined to believe the young George W. Bush got into the Texas Air National Guard because he was the son of a rich and powerful man and somebody pulled strings to keep him out of the meat grinder of Vietnam.	0
0	Bush Leads in One Poll, Tied in Another  WASHINGTON - President Bush has a double-digit lead in one new national poll, but he's tied with Democrat John Kerry in another. Both campaigns say their own polling has the race close, with Bush's people seeing a slight lead for the president...	0
0	Bush sends bipartisan message  President  Bush says he will reach out to allies abroad and sceptics at home, in his first radio message since re-election. 	0
1	In an anti-Bush world, key backers  By most accounts President Bush is almost universally disliked, even reviled, around the world. Seven out of 10 French citizens would vote against him if they could.	0
1	Colmes sank O #39;Neill #39;s boat full of lies  On the August 24 edition of FOX News Channel #39;s Hannity  amp; Colmes, co-host Alan Colmes confronted John E. O #39;Neill, co-founder of Swift Boat Veterans for Truth and co-author of Unfit for Command: Swift Boat Veterans Speak Out Against John Kerry, about 	1
1	Florida families get down to serious cleanup; Bush views hurricane <b>...</b>  In storm-battered Florida, Rev. Russell Levenson of Christ Episcopal Church gave his congregation  quot;permission slips quot; Sunday to grieve for their lost possessions.	0
0	Kerry Ad Blitz to Begin in Seven States  NEW YORK - John Kerry's  $50 million post-Labor Day advertising effort will start in seven states before expanding to an additional 13, creating a coast-to-coast presidential battleground map by Nov. 2...	1
1	Democrats worry about runaway focus on John Kerry #39;s Vietnam War <b>...</b>  Instead of debating Iraq, the US election campaign has been focused for more than a week on John Kerry #39;s service record in Vietnam 35 years ago and his antiwar activism when he got home.	1
0	Upper Midwest Crucial to Kerry's Hopes  LA CROSSE, Wis. - In 2000, political pundits summed up the race in three words: Florida, Florida, Florida...	1
0	Cuban-American Is Likely GOP Senate Candidate in Florida (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush's former housing secretary, Mel Martinez, took a surprise lead in a ballot in Florida on Tuesday to pick the Republican party's candidate for a keenly sought U.S. Senate seat.	0
0	N. Korea calls Bush  #39;political imbecile #39;  A North Korean Foreign Ministry spokesman described US President George Bush as an political imbecile, the BBC reported Monday. The unidentified spokesman made the remarks to the KCNA state news agency, adding 	0
1	UK must build skills to avoid losing jobs to India: Blair  Brighton (England), September 29: Prime Minister Tony Blair said on Tuesday Britain must build a new skills base to avoid losing jobs to developing economies like China and India.	3
0	Powell, Gov. Bush Prepare for Asia Trip (AP)  AP - Secretary of State Colin Powell and President Bush's brother, Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, are leading a team of experts traveling to South Asia to get a close-up look at the devastation.	0
1	Giuliani, McCain laud Bush  Sounding themes that are expected to dominate their national convention all week, Republicans paid tribute Monday to the victims of the Sept.	0
1	France insists Arafat was not poisoned  The French government has insisted that Yasser Arafat was not poisoned and Le Monde newspaper quoted doctors as saying he suffered from an unusual blood disease and a liver problem.	2
1	2nd-Term Mandate Will Need Means  President Bush vowed yesterday to pursue second-term goals of reforming the tax code, partially privatizing Social Security, and spreading democracy to Iraq and Afghanistan 	0
1	 #39;Fahrenheit 9/11 #39; fuels anti-Bush flames on eve of US vote  LOS ANGELES (AFP) - Michael Moore intends to be a nuisance to President George W. Bush until the last minute, as his fiery anti-Bush documentary  quot;Fahrenheit 9/11 quot; was available to millions of US satellite television subscribers on the eve of the US 	0
0	ISRAEL TALKS CALLED OFF  ISRAEL #39;S prime minister Ariel Sharon cancelled a meeting with Jack Straw yesterday - because he lost his voice. The Foreign Secretary was scheduled to meet Sharon during a two-day visit to the Middle East.	4
0	POLL: Kerry Keeps Slim One-Point Lead Over Bush (Reuters)  Reuters - Democratic challenger John Kerry held on to a slim one-point lead over President Bush after Friday's second debate between the White House rivals, according to a Reuters/Zogby poll released on Sunday.	0 1
0	Israel's Sharon Vows to Expel Arafat (AP)  AP - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon vowed in an interview published Tuesday to expel Yasser Arafat from the West Bank "at a convenient time," saying he saw no difference between the Palestinian leader and top Hamas militants killed by Israel.	2 4
0	Blair Should Resign, Says Hostage #39;s Brother  The brother of Kenneth Bigley, the British hostage being held in Iraq, said today that Prime Minister Tony Blair should resign. Tony Blair is a gentleman and a statesman, Paul Bigley told BBC television.	3
0	AP Poll: Bush Holds Lead Over Kerry (AP)  AP - President Bush opens the fall campaign with a slight lead over Democratic Sen. John Kerry, an Associated Press poll shows, as voters express growing confidence in the direction of the country and the performance of the incumbent.	0 1
0	Israel Presses Offensive in Northern Gaza  BEIT LAHIYA, Gaza Strip - Israeli tanks and bulldozers pulled back from this Palestinian town Thursday after tearing up roads, flattening greenhouses and knocking down dozens of houses in a devastating two-day raid, part of Israel's expanding invasion of the northern Gaza Strip.    The Israeli offensive is in its third week and Prime Minister Ariel Sharon told legislators Thursday that the campaign would continue and even be broadened...	4
3	Bush to reform Social Security  US President Bush said that now is the time to confront Social Security to deal with a projected  $3.7 trillion shortfall over 75 years and give younger workers the ability to invest some of their retirement money in personal accounts.	0
0	Bush says finding bin Laden is not main aim of war on terror (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush said that finding Osama bin Laden is not the principle aim of the war on terror.	0
0	Bush Planning Inaugural Bash Despite War (AP)  AP - At the height of World War II in 1945, Franklin D. Roosevelt opted for a low-key inauguration to mark the start of his fourth term, with a simple swearing-in ceremony, a brief speech from the South Portico of the White House to a small crowd and a modest luncheon.	0
1	UK Decides on US Request to Redeploy Iraq Troops (Update1)  UK Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s cabinet made a decision on a US request to deploy British troops in Iraq into an area controlled by American forces.	3
1	Israeli Cabinet OKs compensation law  The Israeli Cabinet approved Sunday the Evacuation-Compensation Law to compensate settlers under Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s disengagement plan.	4
0	Kerry: Bush failed to level with the U.N. about Iraq (USATODAY.com)  USATODAY.com - Democrat John Kerry said Tuesday that President Bush "didn't talk reality at the United Nations" and pressed him to answer question about policies that Kerry said have made Iraq a violent mess.	0 1
1	Arafat Health  quot;Notably Improved quot;  The condition of Palestinian President Yasser Arafat has improved markedly as he entered a fourth day of emergency treatment in France, Palestinian officials have said Monday.	2
0	Hospital to release Arafat #39;s records  Cirrhosis of the liver, AIDS, a blood disorder and poisoning are frequently mentioned in unconfirmed reports - all consistent with what little is publicly known about the medical condition that landed the Palestinian leader in a French hospital.	2
1	N. Korea, Iran: Twin Nuke Troubles  (CBS/AP) President Bush is insisting Iran will not develop a nuclear weapon on his watch. North Korea is insisting it is well on its way to doing so.	0
0	Israel unusually restrained after bombing  Israel was reacting with uncharacteristic calm after a suicide bombing on Monday in Tel Aviv by a Palestinian teenager killed three Israelis -- a test of Israel #39;s pledge to show restraint in the wake of Palestinian President Yasser Arafat #39;s illness.	2
1	Bush Turns to Close Adviser to Run Education Department  Margaret Spellings, a close adviser to President Bush since his days as Texas governor, was nominated by Mr. Bush today to be secretary of education and pledged to do her 	0
0	Rebel group wants Darfur region under international protection (AFP)  AFP - A main rebel group in Darfur has called for the war-torn region of west Sudan to be placed under international protection, in a letter to British Prime Minister Tony Blair, a copy of which was faxed to AFP.	3
1	Israel #39;s Netanyahu calls for referendum on pullout plan  Israeli Finance Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Monday called for a  quot;quick referendum quot; on Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s disengagement plan.	4
0	Bush to Veterans: 'We Will Win' Terror War  NASHVILLE, Tenn. - President Bush said Tuesday "we will win" the war on terror, seeking to quell controversy and Democratic criticism over his earlier remark that victory may not be possible...	0
1	Bush Enhances CIA Role as Interim Reform  President Bush, embroiled in a fierce campaign battle over national security, on Friday expanded the power of the CIA director to include some of the broad authority that the Sept.	0
0	Israel take steps to aid Palestinian moderates: report :  New York, Nov 15 : Israel has quietly taken steps aimed at strengthening the standing of Palestinians moderates and agreed to consider others after the death of Yasser Arafat, according to a media report.	2
0	Blair to Press Sudan Government on Darfur (AP)  AP - Prime Minister Tony Blair will pressure Sudan to end the conflict in Darfur when he visits the capital Khartoum on Wednesday, the first leg of a three-day trip to Africa.	3
1	 #39;What on earth was he thinking? #39;   quot;The announcement by Tony Blair that next year #39;s election campaign will be his last is a disaster ... The reality is that the prime minister will have to hand over the reins of power long before this government reaches the end of a third term .	3
1	Palestine Leaders Delay Arafat Visit  The senior Palestinian officials hoping to come to France to visit their ailing leader Yasser Arafat put off their trip on Monday because Arafat #39;s wife was opposed to it, a Palestinian official said.	2
1	Bush backs wrong man for homeland security:  World News: New York, Dec 14 : The abortive nomination of former New York City police commissioner Bernard Kerik as President George W. Bush #39;s Secretary of Homeland Security has left many red faces in the White House and outside.	0
1	Kerry Envisions Terrorism As  #39;Just Another Nuisance #39;  Sen. John F. Kerry -- in an interview with Sunday #39;s New York Times Magazine -- said the Sept. 11 attacks  quot;didn #39;t change me much at all quot;; and said he hopes the country will return 	1
3	Bush Nominates Gutierrez to Head Commerce  Description: President Bush nominates Carlos Gutierrez as Commerce secretary. The CEO and chairman of Kellogg #39;s is considered one of the country #39;s most prominent Hispanic executives.	0
1	Osama bin Laden, a nonpartisan scoundrel  I would have thought that Osama bin Laden popping up like a jack-in-the-box the Friday before the election and thumbing his nose at America would be bad for President Bush #39;s re-election prospects -- Bush is, after all, the guy who spent the last three 	0
0	Republicans Sharpen Attacks on Kerry  NEW YORK - Republicans sharpened their attacks on John Kerry ahead of the opening of their national convention Monday, with Sen. John McCain suggesting it was fair game to criticize the Democratic candidate's anti-war protests three decades ago...	1
1	SAN FRANCISCO Gay marriage: Did issue help re-elect Bush?  Washington -- San Francisco did not vote for President Bush, but the pictures of wedded gay and lesbian couples streaming from its City Hall last February may have helped return him to the White House.	0
1	Kerry Spot  jim geraghty reporting   Dan Rather #39;s defense of his network #39;s reporting on Friday night was so shoddy, it must be reviewed in slow motion to truly appreciate the attempts at spin and evasion.	1
1	Bush Tackles Health Care on Campaign Trail  President Bush says Democratic challenger Senator John Kerry would have to raise taxes to pay for health care reforms that Mr. Bush says would lower the quality of care.	0 1
0	Sharon Wins Support for Gaza Plan  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon won a critical vote in Israel #39;s parliament Wednesday in favor of his plan to withdraw Israeli settlers and soldiers from the Gaza Strip.	4
1	Poll shows Europeans don #39;t like President Bush and are <b>...</b>  WASHINGTON Usually, an election victory improves a politician #39;s popularity. But polling numbers overseas show President Bush is disliked and his re-election was a significant disappointment to most Europeans.	0
2	Schilling delivers for Bush; team execs shill for Kerry  Curt Schilling wasnt supposed to pitch again this year, but hes endorsing President Bush in automated phone calls being made in three battleground states through Election Day.	0
1	Bush Takes New Course in Kerry Attacks  President Bush tailed Senator John Kerry across the Midwest on Friday, painting him as an out-of-touch liberal who wanted to impose a huge government health care 	0 1
1	Arafat nephew  #39;has right to medical records #39;  PARIS: Yasser Arafat #39;s nephew has as much right to the late Palestinian leader #39;s widely sought medical records as his widow, a defence ministry spokesman said yesterday, amid a simmering family tug-of-war over whether to make the information public.	2
0	Yasser Arafat, man of maneuver, resistance and negotiation  Ariel Sharon was not able to expel Yasser Arafat, despite blockading him in his nearly-demolished Moukataa headquarters. He was unable to liquidate him politically or physically.	2 4
0	Focus Group Gives Slight Edge to Kerry (Reuters)  Reuters - A group of citizens in the swing state of New Hampshire, including Democrats, Republicans and one undecided voter, gave a slight edge to Democrat John Kerry in Thursday's first presidential debate.	1
1	After Death, Tests for Mideast and World  Yasir Arafat was both the symbol of the Palestinians #39; hope for a viable, independent state and the prime obstacle to its realization.	2
1	CORRECTED: CBS Says It Was Misled Over Bush Military Memos (Reuters)  Reuters - In a blow to its credibility, CBS News said on Monday it had been misled over the authenticity of documents it aired in a story challenging President Bush's military service and announced it was mounting an internal investigation.	0
0	Bush and Kerry Differ on State of Economy  CLEVELAND - Good news, or bad? President Bush and Democrat John Kerry have differing takes about the vitality of the nation's job market - a question that's heating up this year's race for the White House.    Bush, who is campaigning Saturday in Ohio - a pivotal state that has lost tens of thousands of manufacturing jobs, says a new U.S...	0 1
0	Gaza Settlers Seek to Keep Communities (AP)  AP - Residents of some Jewish settlements in the northern Gaza Strip have proposed that their entire communities be moved to locations inside Israel under Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's plan to withdraw from Gaza next year, a lawmaker said Wednesday.	4
0	Protests Target Bush at Summit in Chile (AP)  AP - Riot police used water cannons and tear gas Friday to break up a demonstration by hundreds of rock-throwing protesters before more than 20,000 people marched to vent their anger at Pacific Rim leaders, particularly President Bush.	0
1	Handicapping the presidential race  WITH A month and a half to go Kerry has belatedly come out swinging at Bush, especially over the disastrous war in Iraq. But it #39;s not clear those attacks will bring positive results.	1
0	Bush Piloted Guard Trainers Before He Quit (AP)  AP - George W. Bush began flying a two-seat training jet more frequently and twice required multiple attempts to land a one-seat fighter in the weeks just before he quit flying for the Texas Air National Guard in 1972, his pilot logs show.	0
0	World Leaders' Praise Differs With U.S. View  President Jacques Chirac, who provided Yasser Arafat with emergency medical care in his final days and an official ceremony befitting a head of state following his death, led a chorus of world statesmen Thursday in praising the Palestinian leader.	2
0	Hostage Bigley shown in new video  Al-Jazeera screens a video showing British hostage Kenneth Bigley accusing Tony Blair of ignoring his plight.	3
1	Outburst hints at battle over Arafat  #39;inheritance #39;  Mocked as the First Lady of Paris, not Palestine, Suha Arafat is the spoiled socialite who swapped the West Bank of the Jordan for the Right Bank of the Seine.	2
1	Embryonic Stem Cell Debate Divides US Presidential Candidates  President Bush and his Democratic Party challenger, John Kerry, have staked out sharply different positions on the controversial subject of embryonic stem cell research.	0 1
1	Palestinian factions call for self-control after Arafat  Representatives of Palestinianpolitical powers and factions held a meeting Wednesday atPalestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s headquarters in the Gaza City todiscuss the situation 	2
0	Arafat dies, closing a chapter, opening a window for Palestine  JERUSALEM, NOVEMBER 11: Yasser Arafat, the man who embodied the cause of the Palestinian people for four decades, died today a hospital outside Paris.	2
0	China Accuses Bush of Attempting to Dominate the World  On the eve of the US Presidential election Deputy Prime Minister of China Qian Qichen accused US President George W. Bush of attempting to dominate the world.	0
1	The Hill, Bush Differ on Counterterror Center  The new national counterterrorism center established by President Bush under an executive order is to begin operations in early December, at about the same time that Congress may be debating 	0
1	Bush visits storm-ripped Panhandle  PENSACOLA -- President Bush told battle-weary survivors of Hurricane Ivan on Sunday that the nation is  quot;praying for you. quot;.	0
1	Republican Lawmakers Ask CBS to Retract Bush Story (Update2)  A group of 40 House Republican lawmakers asked CBS News to retract a story alleging that President George W. Bush received preferential treatment while serving in the Texas Air National Guard.	0
1	Challenges Face Mideast Leaders  (CBS/AP) Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Thursday that he would push ahead with a withdrawal from the Gaza Strip despite a stinging setback to the plan from his Likud Party.	4
0	Israeli PM hosts cabinet session  PRIME Minister Ariel Sharon was presiding today over the first ever cabinet meeting in Israeli history with ministers from just one party after he sacked his last remaining coalition partner.	4
3	Bush says US will tap emergency oil supplies  WASHINGTON -- Oil prices inched closer to  $50 a barrel yesterday even as the Bush administration offered to tap the nation's emergency stockpile of crude on behalf of refiners whose supply was disrupted by Hurricane Ivan.	0
1	Bush-Kerry battle over Iraq hots up  CLEVELAND - Senator John Kerry and President George W. Bush have clashed repeatedly over Iraq, with the Democrat branding it  #39;the wrong war in the wrong place at the wrong time #39;.	0 1
1	All eyes on Sen. Specter  Sen. Arlen Specter had better watch out. The day after President Bush #39;s election triumph, Republican Sen. Arlen Specter - who is expected to be chosen chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee -ired 	0
0	Bush Tries Hand at Repairing Europe Ties (AP)  AP - Over the span of a week in Europe in February, President Bush will try to convince skeptical allied leaders that he means to work with them  #151; up to a point.	0
1	 #39;Batman #39; Scales Buckingham Palace in Fathers #39; Protest  A campaigner dressed as Batman, from the fathers #39; rights group that pelted Prime Minister Tony Blair with flour-filled condoms, staged a dramatic protest on a Buckingham Palace balcony Monday.	3
0	Bush: Terrorists May Plan More Attacks  WASHINGTON - Denying he has painted too rosy a picture about Iraq, President Bush said Thursday he would consider sending more troops if asked, but Iraq's interim leader firmly said they weren't needed. With violence spreading, Defense Secretary Donald H...	0
2	Soccer: We're No Symbol of Freedom, Iraq Coach Says   THESSALONIKI, Greece (Reuters) - Iraq's Olympic soccer  coach said Monday his side should not be seen as a symbol of  freedom, taking issue with a campaign commercial for President  Bush.	0
0	Arafat family to get medical file on cause of death  PARIS, Nov 18 (AFP) - Family members of the late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat are preparing a request to obtain medical files detailing his illness and cause of death, which France will grant, the French defense ministry announced Thursday.	2
1	Bush Lauds  #39;No Child Left Behind #39; Law in Weekly Radio Address  President Bush has used the start of a new school year in the United States to praise what he says are the positive results of the No Child Left Behind law.	0
0	Blair  #39;warned #39; of post-war chaos  THE British Government has been accused of  quot;clearly misleading quot; the public over plans for post-war Iraq after a newspaper reported Tony Blair was warned a year before the invasion that stability would be difficult.	3
1	No 10 denies troop  #39;deal  By Toby Helm, Jack Fairweather in Baghdad and David Rennie in Washington. Tony Blair #39;s closest Cabinet allies yesterday rejected claims that he had struck a  quot;tawdry political deal quot; to help George W Bush #39;s election 	3
0	Questions Raised About Bush Guard Service (AP)  AP - New documents unearthed in the midst of the presidential campaign fill in some blanks but raise other questions about the sometimes mysterious and spotty story of President Bush's military service during Vietnam when he won a coveted spot in the Texas Air National Guard and avoided the war.	0
0	Bush and Kerry Clash Over Iraq and a Timetable  Senator John Kerry said he wanted troops home within four years, and President Bush defended the war as "right for America."	0 1
0	official medical report rules out leukemia for Arafat  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat can walk, eat and talk with others, his entourage affirmed Tuesday in Paris, while the first medical report ruled out his possible leukemia.	2
0	Iraq Dogs Blair as Party Conference Starts (Reuters)  Reuters - Iraq overshadowed the start of Tony Blair's Labour Party conference on Sunday despite the prime minister's efforts to turn attention to the domestic agenda ahead of a general election expected next year.	3
0	Doubts Persist About Election Results (AP)  AP - As the Electoral College prepares to certify President Bush's re-election on Monday, concerns persist about the integrity of the nation's voting system  #151; particularly in Ohio, where details continue to emerge of technology failures, voter confusion and overcrowded polling stations in minority and poor neighborhoods.	0
1	A Bettor Forecast of Bush #39;s Victory  The exit polling got it wrong, as did predictions that the popular vote would be close. Turns out bookies make the best pundits. Despite predictions of a tight election by major news organizations and pundits 	0
0	PM seeks US-friendly climate deal  Tony Blair is seeking a new climate change treaty to bring US President George Bush in from the cold. The Prime Minister #39;s manifesto targets of 20 greenhouse gas cuts are set to be missed, it has emerged.	3
1	CBS #39; Rather remains firm on Bush memos  In the face of growing controversy, CBS anchor Dan Rather Wednesday stood by a story suggesting George W. Bush dodged his Texas National Guard commitment.	0
0	Asia views Bush victory as boost for war on terror  Most Asian countries yesterday hailed the re-election of George W. Bush as a boost for the global  quot;war on terror, quot; but some asked the US president to look beyond to other issues as he begins a fresh four-year term.	0
0	Kerry Condemns Ad Attacking Bush Service (AP)  AP - John Kerry on Tuesday condemned a television ad that criticizes President Bush's Vietnam-era service in the Texas Air National Guard, even as prominent veterans linked to the Democratic presidential campaign echoed the commercial's accusations.	0 1
0	Bush, Blair to Discuss Life After Arafat (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush is expected to give an outline of his vision for a Middle East without Yasser Arafat on Friday, with his most loyal ally Tony Blair by his side.	0 2 3
1	Ad watch  The presidential campaigns plan to air dueling television ads Monday. President Bush released an ad Saturday called  quot;Global Test.	0
0	Kerry Blasts Lapse of Assault Weapons Ban (AP)  AP - John Kerry is criticizing President Bush for letting a decade-long ban on assault weapons expire while unveiling his own  #36;5 billion plan to fight crime.	0 1
1	Bush, Kerry  amp; North Korea  President Bush stood before Congress more than two years ago and declared that North Korea was part of a three-nation  quot;Axis of Evil.	0 1
0	Democracy Activist Joins Race to Succeed Arafat  A Palestinian democracy activist who has campaigned for non-violent resistance to Israeli occupation said on Saturday he would run for president to succeed Yasser Arafat.	2
1	Utah Man Buys Domain Names in Bush Push  RUTLAND, Vt. - Following news reports that vermontdemocrats.com was linked to the re-election Web site of President Bush, the owner of the site changed the format on Thursday to include a link to the Kerry-Edwards campaign...	0
1	Bush Taps Mehlman to Lead Republican Party  President Bush on Monday tapped the manager of his reelection campaign, Ken Mehlman, to head the Republican Party. Mehlman, a protege of chief White House strategist Karl Rove, is Bush #39;s pick 	0
====================
0	Bush Says Kerry Uses 'Upside-Down' Logic (AP)  AP - President Bush said Sunday that Democrat John Kerry is using "upside-down" logic when he says terrorists' recruiting efforts are getting a boost from the war on terrorism.	0 1
1	 #39;60 Minutes #39; Delays Report Questioning Reasons for Iraq War  BS News said yesterday that it had postponed a  quot;60 Minutes quot; segment that questioned Bush administration rationales for going to war in Iraq.	0
1	Kerry calls Bush  #39;a clever debater, #39; says he will make his own <b>...</b>  Calling President Bush  quot;a very clever debater, quot; Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry says their first appearance together Thursday night will give him the opportunity to be clear with people about where he stands on issues.	0 1
1	Springsteen, REM kick off  quot;Vote for Change quot; concerts  PHILADELPHIA Some of rock music #39;s biggest stars have launched a ten-day series of  quot;Vote for Change quot; concerts aimed at defeating President Bush.	0
0	Britons say Kerry safer for world  A large majority of Britons think a US election victory for John Kerry is the best outcome for global security, according to a poll in the Independent on Sunday.	1
1	CBS Sorry for Preempting Hit Drama with Arafat Report (Reuters)  Reuters - The CBS television network apologized to viewers on Thursday for interrupting the last five minutes of a hit detective drama with a special report on the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Barghouthi to Run for Palestinian President   GAZA (Reuters) - Jailed popular leader Marwan Barghouthi  decided on Wednesday to run in a Palestinian presidential  election and Hamas militants vowed to boycott it, throwing the  campaign into turmoil after Yasser Arafat's death.	2
1	Arafat #39;s medical file handed over to widow amid controversy over <b>...</b>  PARIS : Suha Arafat has been given copies of the medical files of her late husband Yasser Arafat and then flew to Tunisia, as the late Palestinian president #39;s nephew was expected in the French capital to pick up the same documents amid some controversy.	2
0	National Archives Opens New Exhibit (AP)  AP - The National Archives, home of the original copies of the Declaration of Independence and Constitution, has dusted off more than 1,000 other relics and put them on public display  #151; including a home movie starring a 1-year-old George W. Bush toddling across a lawn in rompers.	0
1	Arafat Doctors Rule Out Leukemia, Cite Improvement  French doctors said on Tuesday Yasser Arafat was responding to treatment and ruled out leukemia, though aides said the Palestinian leader could remain in a French military hospital for several more weeks.	2
0	Kerry to Visit N.M. to Prepare for Debate (AP)  AP - John Kerry's visit to New Mexico this week is slated as time for debate preparation, but the Democratic presidential hopeful plans to hold a couple of campaign events while he's in the swing state.	1
0	Palestinian unrest about Arafat puts Lebanon on alert  Israel and Beirut both fear that Palestinian refugees in Lebanon may launch revenge attacks across the border.	2
0	Bush, Kerry Duel Over Domestic Policy  TEMPE, Ariz. - President Bush and rival John Kerry vaulted into the home stretch of the race for the White House by trading blows on taxes, gun control, abortion and jobs, striving in their final debate to cement impressions in voters' minds...	0 1
0	5 Israeli soldiers killed in Gaza tunnel blast  Five Israeli soldiers were killed and 10 wounded in an attack at an Israeli checkpoint on the Gaza-Egypt border, the worst such incident since the death of Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Cheney Derides Kerry Over War on Terror (Reuters)  Reuters - Vice President Dick Cheney said on Friday he had no confidence in Democratic challenger John Kerry's ability to fight the war on terror.	1
1	Specter Says He Didn #39;t Tell President Bush No Judges Who Oppose <b>...</b>  After generating national controversy with comments to President Bush urging him not to appoint judges to the Supreme Court who oppose abortion, pro-abortion Pennsylvania Republican Sen.	0
1	Republicans must avoid overreaching on agenda, analysts warn  Moving swiftly to consolidate their control over government in the wake of their big election triumph, President Bush and Republican leaders in Congress are facing a different kind of threat - themselves.	0
0	Bush to crisscross United States before Republican convention (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush plans to visit eight of the most hotly contested states in his campaign for reelection, before his September 2 appearance at the Republican convention in New York, campaign officials said.	0
0	Elizabeth Edwards Headlines Harkin Feast (AP)  AP - Elizabeth Edwards touted a Democratic commitment to bolster rural health care Sunday, arguing that both nominee John Kerry and running mate John Edwards have long ties to rural America that give them credibility.	1
1	Bush, Kerry trade charges in run-up to final debate  In a last-minute flurry of accusations before their final debate, President George W Bush told supporters that Democratic challenger John Kerry cannot pay for his proposed domestic programmes without a tax increase.	1
0	Campaign Lawyers Advising Outside Groups  WASHINGTON - One of President Bush's election lawyers also advises a group running ads against Democratic rival John Kerry. A Democratic Party attorney works for the group behind commercials that criticize Bush...	0 1
0	Powell hails new chance for Mideast peace  US Secretary of State Colin Powell says there is a new opportunity for peace, following Yasser Arafat #39;s death, but says Palestinians and Israelis must follow the  quot;road map.	2
0	Talks centre on devolution plan  Ulster Unionist leader David Trimble is to meet Tony Blair to discuss the proposals for restoring devolution. Mr Trimble will meet the prime minister at Downing Street, to give his party #39;s assessment of the way forward.	3
0	Kerry Slams 'Wrong War in the Wrong Place'  WASHINGTON - Democrat John Kerry accused President Bush on Monday of sending U.S. troops to the "wrong war in the wrong place at the wrong time" and said he'd try to bring them all home in four years...	0 1
0	Bush Defends Decision to Oust Saddam  UNITED NATIONS - President Bush delivered an unapologetic defense of his decision to invade Iraq, telling the United Nations Tuesday that his decision "helped to deliver the Iraqi people from an outlaw dictator." He appealed to the world community to join together in supporting the new Iraqi interim government.    Bush's speech to the U.N...	0
0	Blair's vow over British hostage  Tony Blair vows that the government "will continue to do whatever it can" for hostage Ken Bigley.	3
1	Kerry: Bush not the leader he claims to be  Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry is questioning whether President Bush is the exemplary leader he claims to be and points to the war in Iraq as evidence that he is not.	0 1
0	Doctor: Arafat May Have Died from Poison  One of the doctors that treated Yasser Arafat before his death is expressing frustration while discussing how the Palestinian leader died.	2
0	Israeli cabinet passes Gaza bill  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s cabinet has passed a bill on the nuts and bolts of pulling out of occupied Gaza, a day before he seeks approval from Israel #39;s parliament for his withdrawal plan.	4
1	Navy Commander, Journalist, Backs Kerry on Vietnam  An American journalist who commanded a boat alongside John Kerry in Vietnam broke a 35-year silence on Saturday and defended the Democratic presidential candidate against Republican critics of his military service.	1
0	Cautious signs from US on emerging Palestinian leadership  WASHINGTON -- US officials cautioned yesterday against expectations of a speedy return to peace negotiations after Yasser Arafat's death and signaled a reluctance to immediately embrace the newly emerging Palestinian leadership.	2
0	Florida Supreme Court Gives Nader a Spot on State Ballot  The court bolstered President Bush's prospects in the swing state, ruling that Ralph Nader could appear on the ballot.	0
0	Blair to hold US talks with Bush  Prime Minister Tony Blair is to hold talks with President Bush in Washington next week, Downing Street has said. The two will meet on Thursday and Friday, and are likely to focus on Iraq and the Middle East peace process.	0 3
3	A Texan's Race Could Lead to the F.C.C.  A Republican running for Congress has received heavy donations from industry because of expectations over posts she may receive if she loses and President Bush wins.	0
0	Gaza Gunmen Killed as Sharon Vows to Pursue Raid (Reuters)  Reuters - Israeli troops shot dead two Gaza Strip militants Sunday hours after Prime Minister Ariel Sharon vowed to expand a huge offensive that has killed at least 49 Palestinians in an attempt to stop rocket fire.	4
1	Bush warns of pre-vote violence  President Bush told Marines Tuesday that Iraqi insurgents have suffered a  quot;severe blow quot; but are not defeated, as he sought to boost US troop morale and prepare 	0
1	Kerry, Bush Clash Over Iraq  During a campaign stop in Wisconsin, Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry once again accused President Bush of not telling the truth about Iraq.	0 1
0	Bush Signs Youth Suicide Prevention Law (AP)  AP - President Bush on Thursday signed into law a bill authorizing  #36;82 million in grants aimed at preventing suicide among young people.	0
3	Gold May Top 15-Year High as Dollar #39;s Value Falls, Survey Says  Gold may top a 15-year high of  $435 an ounce on speculation the re-election of US President George W. Bush will erode the dollar #39;s value and make precious metals more appealing than US stocks and bonds, a survey showed.	0
0	Fortune may drive power struggle  PARIS -- Yasser Arafat #39;s confinement to a Paris hospital has given his wife Suha something she has never had in 14 years of marriage: power and influence.	2
0	Kerry leads Bush -- despite Nader: poll (AFP)  AFP - Democratic challenger John Kerry has pulled ahead of President George W. Bush, even when Ralph Nader and other presidential candidates were accounted for, according to a new poll.	0 1
0	Israeli Parliament Moves Toward Vote on Gaza Withdrawal Plan  The Parliament is scheduled to vote tonight on the plan of Prime Minister Ariel Sharon to remove Israeli settlements.	4
0	Groups Seek to Address Voting Troubles (AP)  AP - Despite President Bush's clear margin of victory in the 2004 presidential race, voting and civil rights advocates say the election did not go as smoothly as Americans might think.	0
1	No. 2 candidates take parting shots  Vice president says Kerry took poll on bin Laden tape; Edwards urges early black vote. By Matt Stearns and Tim Funk. FORT DODGE, Iowa -- Vice President Dick Cheney charged Sunday that Democratic presidential 	1
1	Bush, Allawi vow Iraqi vote will proceed  COLUMBUS, Ohio - President George W. Bush and Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi vowed yesterday that planned elections will go ahead this January despite increasing violence that has left several cities outside of the interim government #39;s control.	0
0	Media glare and melodrama mark Arafat's hospital stay  A confusing Paris scene as the Palestinian leader's wife, aides, and others wrangled over his health.	2
0	Kerry Campaign Helping With Fla. Recovery (AP)  AP - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry does not plan to visit Florida in the aftermath of Hurricane Charley because he's concerned his campaign entourage could distract from recovery efforts, he said Saturday.	1
0	Palestinian Leader Tries to Win Militant Truce   GAZA (Reuters) - Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO)  chief Mahmoud Abbas met militant leaders on Tuesday in a bid to  halt attacks on Israel and allow a smooth election for a  successor to Yasser Arafat next year, officials said.	2
3	Gaming the election outcome  Tomorrow is Election Day. There are three possible outcomes. Bush wins. Kerry wins. Or the election is drawn out in legal challenges as it was in 2000.	0 1
0	Hurricanes May Affect Florida Politics (AP)  AP - Two devastating hurricanes have given President Bush something his political advisers couldn't dream up: the chance to play comforter in chief in a battleground state he is determined to win again.	0
0	Sharon gets a setback in parliament  The Israeli Knesset last night dealt a staggering political blow to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, rejecting on a 53-44 vote his report on the 	4
1	ANALYSIS: Country polarized over president, his policies as GOP <b>...</b>  As Republicans gather to make their case for President Bush #39;s re-election this week, they will do so against a backdrop as divisive as any since 1968, when Democrats needed the National Guard to preserve order outside their Chicago convention.	0
0	Kerry Goes Month Without News Conference (AP)  AP - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry has gone one month without having a news conference in spite of his pledge to hold one every month as president and his criticism of President Bush for rarely taking questions from the media.	0 1
0	GOP Urge Bush to Turn Attention From Iraq (AP)  AP - Nervous Republicans are urging President Bush to unveil a robust second-term agenda at his convention next week to shift voters' focus from the unpopular war in Iraq and other issues that are a distraction to his re-election drive. Some contend the party should ditch the GOP-fueled controversy over rival John Kerry's combat record in Vietnam.	0 1
1	Blair, in Sudan, Urges a Broad Peace Agreement  Prime Minister Tony Blair of Britain warned Sudan on Wednesday that the international community would not rest until violence was ended in Western Darfur and a comprehensive 	3
0	Sharon: Operation in Gaza Will Continue  TEL AVIV, Israel - Israel's army will operate in the northern Gaza Strip until all Palestinian rocket fire against Israeli towns is halted, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said late Saturday in an interview on Israel Radio.    Sharon spoke as his forces ended the fourth day of an invasion in which 50 Palestinians and five Israelis have been killed...	4
1	Nuclear issues occupy Asia-Pacific leaders  SANTIAGO, Chile - President Bush warned Saturday that Iran #39;s reported move to accelerate its alleged nuclear weapons program  quot;is a very serious matter quot; and called on the Iranians  quot;to give up any nuclear ambitions they may have.	0
0	In Speech to Veterans, Kerry Criticizes Bush's Troop Plan  John Kerry said that a large redeployment "could impair the nation's security" and hamper the campaign against terrorism.	1
3	Mr. Bush and Tax Reform  IN HIS SPEECH at the Republican convention, President Bush put reform of the tax code on the agenda for a second term, saying he wants  quot;a simpler, fairer, pro-growth system.	0
2	Redskins loss sparks US vote omen  Some say sport and politics do not mix, but John Kerry believes a strange sporting omen has ensured his success in the US presidential election.	1
1	Bin Laden tape may help both Bush and Kerry, at the margins  It focuses attention on the terror war, a Bush strength, but is also a reminder that the Al Qaeda leader remains at large. By Linda Feldmann  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.	1
0	Joy in Italy, Caution in France on Iraq Hostages  British hostage Kenneth Bigley appeared in a video tape aired on Wednesday, pleading with Prime Minister Tony Blair to meet the demands of his captors in Iraq to release Iraqi women prisoners.	3
0	N.Korea Envoy Doubts Bush Policy Will Change-Paper (Reuters)  Reuters - The deputy chief of North Korea's mission at the United Nations doubts newly re-elected President Bush will change his policy toward Pyongyang, a South Korean newspaper reported on Friday.	0
0	Palestinians do not need another tyrant  YASSER Arafat is dead. A so-called moderate is now chairman of the Palestine Liberation Organization. Elections to choose a Palestinian Authority president are scheduled in the West Bank and Gaza for early January.	2
3	Bush considering flat rate for income tax, aides say  President Bush continued his call Sunday for a simpler tax system and aides said he is considering a flat tax, which would have the same income-tax rate for most taxpayers 	0
1	Kerry #39;s cheap shot  Her name is Mary Cheney. She is the bright, loving, sensitive daughter of Lynne and Dick Cheney. In the presidential debate Wednesday, John Kerry referred to her as the vice president #39;s lesbian daughter.	1
0	Bush urges UN to lend hand in Iraq, Afghanistan  President Bush, who once opposed  quot;nation building, quot; told world leaders Tuesday that the US-led military campaigns in Iraq and Afghanistan are aimed at promoting freedom and democracy 	0
1	Arafat aides say initial tests have ruled out leukemia as cause of <b>...</b>  Initial results from a battery of tests on Palestinian President Yasser Arafat found no signs Saturday of leukemia, Palestinian officials said, but blood doctors are still trying to find the cause of the leader #39;s dramatic 	2
0	Kerry Set to Clarify Positions in Debate  BAL HARBOUR, Fla. - Calling President Bush "a very clever debater," Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry says their first appearance together Thursday night will give him the opportunity to be clear with people about where he stands on issues...	0 1
1	Kerry Guns For Bush On Crime  In past presidential elections, few issues have been bigger than domestic crime. Richard Nixon won the presidency, in part, by promising to restore  quot;law and order quot; in the wake of big-city riots.	1
0	Kerry Stakes Out Opposition Stance on War (AP)  AP - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry are offering U.S. voters and the world two starkly different views on Iraq. The incumbent tells skeptical foreign leaders the war is part of a global fight on terror and "there is no safety in looking away." The challenger wants allies to help find a way out.	0 1
0	Bush seeks to mend ties to Canada  OTTAWA -- Working to mend the frayed relations between their countries, President Bush and Prime Minister Paul Martin of Canada sought to project a unified front yesterday during Bush's first official visit to Canada, pledging to work together to fight terrorism and promote trade between the neighboring nations.	0
1	Bush has everything to lose in upcoming debates  With John Kerry apparently lagging in the polls, a poor showing in the upcoming debates may not make much of a difference. The support for Bush is hardly likely to increase much more than it is at the moment 	0 1
1	Howard #39;s double victory sends cheer to Bush and Blair  An Australian government is close to having complete legislative control for the first time in nearly three decades today, after voters delivered a positive verdict on John Howard #39;s support for the war in Iraq.	0
0	Voters mull US debate aftermath  George W Bush and John Kerry's first TV debate failed to change Americans' minds, reactions suggest.	1
0	Jihad Will Boycott Palestinian Election  GAZA CITY, 3 December 2004 - Islamic Jihad said yesterday it would boycott a Jan. 9 Palestinian presidential election for a successor to Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Muslim  #39;iron curtain #39; feared  NEW YORK - President Bush thanked Pakistan #39;s leader Wednesday for conducting aggressive military strikes against Taliban and al-Qaida strongholds, but the Pakistani warned that global terrorism can #39;t be defeated by force alone.	0
0	Vietnam Vets in Hanoi Back Kerry with T-Shirts (Reuters)  Reuters - With the U.S. presidential race taking a decidedly bitter turn over John Kerry's Vietnam war record, U.S. veterans in Hanoi are selling T-shirts supporting his run for the White House.	1
0	Bush Vs. Kerry: Tackling the Threat of Nuclear War (Reuters)  Reuters - Thirteen years after the end of the Cold War the two main candidates for the U.S. presidency agree that the threat of nuclear attack has never been greater.	0 1
1	THE PRESIDENT In Exulting Bush Throngs, Just a Little Bit of <b>...</b>  There is a good deal of nail biting going on at the mostly picture-perfect campaign rallies held for President Bush. Terry Buck, a first-grade teacher from Cleveland, feels the nervousness.	0
1	US Election Hits Final Stretch  US President George Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry spent Sunday in the key battleground states of Ohio and Florida. Bush continued his attack on Kerry, painting his rival as untrustworthy and inconsistent 	0 1
0	Bush Raps Kerry, Slips in Newsweek Poll  COLUMBUS, Ohio - President Bush on Saturday ridiculed what he called the "Kerry doctrine" as a dangerous outsourcing of America's security, seeking to poke a hole in Sen. John Kerry's debate performance with what advisers see as his rival's biggest miscue...	0 1
0	Ailing Arafat joins Ramadan prayers  RAMALLAH, West Bank - Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat joined morning prayers for the holy Muslim month of Ramadan on Thursday despite his poor health, Palestinian officials said.	2
1	Bush honeymoon spoiled by GOP  Cox Newspapers - 11/29/04. President Bush #39;s post re-election honeymoon flopped before the ink was dry on the motel register, and his fellow Republicans were the spoilers.	0
0	Israeli Cabinet Agrees to Compensate Settlers  Israel's Cabinet approved a compensation plan Sunday for settlers withdrawing from the Gaza Strip and part of the West Bank, handing Ariel Sharon an important victory two days before a showdown in parliament over the pullout.	4
1	Bush #39;s real advantage is Kerry  NEW YORK -- The soaring confidence that George W. Bush #39;s political team takes into the final weeks of the campaign stems from more than belief its candidate is vastly underestimated.	0
1	Arafat  #39;Very Sick, #39; Palestinian Leaders Summoned  Palestinian President Yasser Arafat #39;s health has worsened sharply and he is slipping in and out of consciousness at his besieged West Bank headquarters, officials and medics said Thursday.	2
1	Jailed leader a threat in Palestinian vote  RAMALLAH, WEST BANK -- Opinion polls published yesterday showed jailed Palestinian uprising leader Marwan Barghouti poses a threat to mainstream candidate Mahmoud Abbas in the Jan. 9 presidential election to replace Yasser Arafat.	2
1	Bush, Kerry spar over Iraq issue  Trying out themes for their debate on Thursday, the presidential candidates swung at each other over Iraq on Monday, with President Bush mocking Sen. John Kerry as indecisive 	0 1
3	Oil jumps as Bush nears victory  Oil has leapt back above  $50 as President George W. Bush edges towards US election victory, a result which traders. say will bolster fuel demand and underpin anxiety over security of Middle East supply.	0
0	Hospital to release Arafat #39;s records  Cirrhosis of the liver, AIDS, a blood disorder and poisoning are frequently mentioned in unconfirmed reports - all consistent with what little is publicly known about the medical condition that landed the Palestinian leader in a French hospital.	2
0	ABC Poll Puts Bush 4 Points Ahead of Kerry (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush held on to a slim lead in an ABC News poll released on Sunday, getting 50 percent of the vote against 46 percent of likely voters who supported his opponent, Sen. John Kerry.	0 1
0	Bush Signs Law to Boost North Korean Human Rights   WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Bush has signed a law  aimed at bolstering human rights and market reforms in North  Korea, officials said on Tuesday.	0
0	U.S. Now Said to Support Growth for Some West Bank Settlements  Lending support to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, the U.S. signaled approval of growth in some West Bank settlements.	4
0	Ranks of Poor, Uninsured Rose in 2003  WASHINGTON - Democrats took aim at President Bush's economic record after release of a Census Bureau report showing the ranks of the uninsured and the impoverished grew in 2003 for the third consecutive year while incomes stayed level.    The president's surrogates came to his defense, noting that the numbers failed to reflect more recent economic gains, such as the addition of 1.5 million jobs over the past 12 months, or the full effect of the Bush-backed tax cuts...	0
0	UK #39;s Blair Says Weapons Report Shows Iraq Breached UN Rules  UK Prime Minister Tony Blair said a US report on Iraqi arms programs shows Saddam Hussein was working to acquire banned weapons in breach of United Nations resolutions, justifying the 2003 war to depose him.	3
0	Barghouti galvanises battle to win Palestinian election  A serious battle to win over the Palestinian public was finally under way yesterday as the entry of a second major candidate galvanised the contest to succeed Yasser Arafat 	2
1	CBS News Names Panel to Review Tainted Bush Report  CBS News named former US Attorney General Dick Thornburgh and retired Associated Press chief Louis Boccardi on Wednesday to review its discredited report on President Bush #39;s military record.	0
0	Stations Get E-Mails to Oust Dan Rather  NEW YORK - Station managers at several CBS affiliates said Thursday they appear to be a target of a national e-mail campaign placing pressure on the network to oust Dan Rather as anchorman of the "CBS Evening News."   The anger stems from Rather's role in a "60 Minutes" report on President Bush's service in the National Guard. CBS has apologized for reporting on documents critical of Bush's service, widely assumed now as fakes, and appointed a panel to investigate what went wrong in the report...	0
1	Hopefuls named earlier  Before President George W. Bush nominated Bernard Kerik to succeed Tom Ridge as Homeland Security secretary, other names had been mentioned prominently for the post.	0
0	French Hospital Officials Call Arafat #39;s Condition  quot;Stable quot;  French hospital officials say Yasser Arafat #39;s condition is  quot;stable quot; and has not changed since yesterday. The spokesman for French military health services says the Palestinian leader #39;s  quot;health has not worsened quot; -- though he would not elaborate.	2
0	Heinz Kerry Earned  #36;5 Million in 2003 - Tax Return (Reuters)  Reuters - Teresa Heinz Kerry, wife of Democratic presidential candidate Sen. John Kerry, paid nearly  #36;800,000 in taxes on income of  #36;5 million last year, according to a summary of her tax return the Kerry campaign released on Friday evening.	1
0	S.Korea asks US to focus on nuke crisis  South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun has telephoned newly re-elected US President George W. Bush to propose that solving the nuclear crisis involving the isolated communist North be a priority for Bush #39;s second term in office.	0
0	Cheney Praises Bush As Decisive Leader  NEW YORK - As President Bush prepared to accept the Republican nomination for a second term, Vice President Dick Cheney portrayed his boss as a decisive commander in chief. "He doesn't waffle, he doesn't agonize," Cheney said Thursday...	0
0	Ashcroft Quits Top Justice Post; Evans Going, Too  The two were the first departures from the administration as President Bush remakes his cabinet for a second term.	0
0	Iraq War Foes Focus on Alternative Agenda to Bush  On the eve of President Bush #39;s address to the United Nations, domestic and foreign critics of his Iraq war policy focused on a radically different international agenda on Monday.	0
1	Arafat #39;s wife under fire, clashes with PA chiefs  PARIS, Nov 9 (AFP) - Suha Arafat, the wife of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, has held a covetous vigil in the military hospital where her husband may lie dying, protected by a French law that has let her shoulder her way into the Palestinian power 	2
1	US sending mixed signals on settlements  The State Department indicated Monday a new flexibility in interpreting President Bush #39;s call two years ago for a freeze on Israeli settlements in Palestinian territories.	0
0	Poll: Kerry Continues to Hold Edge in Pa. (AP)  AP - Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry is maintaining a slight lead over President Bush in the battleground state of Pennsylvania with crucial support from veterans and military families, according to a poll released Wednesday.	0 1
1	Bush sidesteps Annan resignation issue  President Bush on Thursday declined to endorse a Republican senator #39;s call for UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan to resign but did not offer Annan any words of support.	0
0	Israel to offer intelligence, humanitarian aid to Russia (AFP)  AFP - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon was expected to offer intelligence and humanitarian assistance to Russia after the Beslan hostage tragedy in talks with visiting Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov.	4
0	Moore's Pre-Election TV Special Nixed  NEW YORK - The cable pay-per-view company iN DEMAND has backed away from a plan to show a three-hour election eve special with filmmaker Michael Moore that included the first television showing of his documentary "Fahrenheit 9/11."   The company said Friday it would not air "The Michael Moore Pre-Election Special" due to "legitimate business and legal concerns." A spokesman would not elaborate.    Moore has just released his movie on DVD and was seeking a TV outlet for the film, which sharply criticizes President Bush, as close to the election as possible...	0
1	Artists await Turner Prize result  A film on President Bush's Texas competes with a tour of Osama Bin Laden's house for Monday's Turner Prize.	0
1	Speech goals: Address taxes, avoid Kerry, and fix a blunder  George W. Bush #39;s address tonight to the Republican National Convention, accepting his renomination as president, lacks the do-or-die tension his father faced l2 years ago in Houston.	0 1
0	Congress urged to pass 9/11 overhaul (USATODAY.com)  USATODAY.com - The White House urged congressional negotiators Tuesday to agree quickly on overhauling U.S. spy agencies so President Bush can sign the bill into law "as soon as possible." A House-Senate committee will meet Wednesday to negotiate over differences, particularly border control provisions.	0
0	Bush Vows Push for More Military Benefits (AP)  AP - In a gesture to troops serving unexpectedly long tours in Iraq, President Bush announced an election-year proposal Wednesday to enhance education benefits for active-duty National Guardsmen and reservists.	0
1	Blair presses Sudan over Darfur  KHARTOUM: Britains Prime Minister Tony Blair pressed Sudanese President Omar Hassan Al Bashir on Wednesday to end violence in Darfur on the highest-level visit from a Western government official since the crisis erupted.	3
0	Cheney Retools Criticisms of Kerry Remarks (AP)  AP - Vice President Dick Cheney modified his criticism of John Kerry on Thursday after declaring the Democrat got his facts wrong about the disappearance of several hundred tons of explosives in Iraq.	1
0	Sharon Rejects Army Bid to Wind Down Gaza Offensive (Reuters)  Reuters - Israel's Ariel Sharon has rejected his army's request to scale back its Gaza offensive, seeking to avoid any show of weakness after deadly bombings in Egyptian resorts crowded with Israelis, security sources said.	4
1	Candidates battle for tiny pool of key voters  President Bush and Democratic challenger Sen. John Kerry will find themselves in a virtual dead heat as the 2004 presidential campaign roars past Labor Day, the holiday 	0 1
0	Israelis Kill 5 Palestinians, Sharon Under Pressure   GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli troops killed five Palestinian  militants in gun battles on Monday as Prime Minister Ariel  Sharon sought to dampen rising pressure for a referendum on his  plan to withdraw from occupied Gaza.	4
0	Bush vows to seek Mideast peace  President George W. Bush has promised to push in a second term to revive. whom Bush has shunned as an obstacle to peace, dies. Bush responded with kind words to reports 	0
0	Energy Firms Lavish Funds on Inauguration (AP)  AP - The energy industry and some of its executives have contributed over a million dollars to President Bush's inauguration fund, the committee handling the festivities reported Friday.	0
1	Kerry dismisses criticism of  #39;global test #39; remark as  #39;pathetic #39;  Sen. John Kerry on Monday lambasted as  quot;pathetic quot; scaremongering, Republican criticism of his comments during last Thursday #39;s debate in which he said the president #39;s decision 	1
0	Bush Vigorously Defends War in Iraq  UNITED NATIONS - President Bush delivered an unapologetic defense of his decision to invade Iraq, telling the United Nations Tuesday that his decision "helped to deliver the Iraqi people from an outlaw dictator." Later, Bush condemned the beheading of a U.S. hostage by an Islamic militant...	0
1	Bush to Name New Secretary of Agriculture  President Bush, right, plays with his dog Barney as he walks to the Oval Office, Wednesday, Dec. 1, 2004, with National Security Advisor Condoleezza Rice, center, and his chief of staff Andrew Card, left.	0
1	Candidates to focus on jobs, health care  President Bush and Sen. John Kerry will spend Thursday pursuing their separate strategies for winning the November 2 election, with jobs and health care the key topics of the day.	0 1
0	Colombia Deploys 15,000 Troops for Bush  The Spanish colonialists who fortified this Colombian seaport 400 years ago to guard against pirates and rival imperial powers could only have dreamed of the security being implemented for President Bush's visit here Monday.	0
1	After Arafat, peace has chance  It is uncertain just how history ultimately will judge Yasser Arafat, the erratic but charismatic Palestinian leader who died this week in Paris at age 75.	2
0	Democrat Blasts Kerry at Republican Convention (Reuters)  Reuters - Democratic Sen. Zell Miller heaped scathing criticism on his party's presidential candidate Sen. John Kerry on Wednesday in the keynote speech to the Republican convention, a similar role to one he played 12 years ago for the Democrats.	1
1	Education Secretary to Leave Post  Roderick R. Paige has informed the White House that he plans to resign from his job as secretary of education next week, and President Bush will accept his decision 	0
0	Britain Rejects Troop Redeployment Claim (AP)  AP - Prime Minister Tony Blair's government on Monday rejected claims from opposition lawmakers that a redeployment of British troops in Iraq would be a political show of support for the Bush administration before U.S. presidential elections.	3
3	Taxes and Consequences: The Second Term Begins  A look at some of the initiatives that President Bush is likely to push in his second term, and the unanswered questions that go with them.	0
0	21 Pacific Rim Nations Hold Trade Talks  Top government ministers from 21 Pacific Rim nations convened high-level talks on free trade and global security Wednesday, while police battled university students protesting the summit and a weekend visit by President Bush.	0
0	Arafat Fends Off Challenge Over Reforms  Aug. 25, 2004 - RAMALLAH, West Bank Yasser Arafat fended off another challenge to his authority Wednesday when Palestinian lawmakers backed away from sweeping reform demands, instead approving a watered down set of recommendations.	2
0	Blair apologises for Iraq intelligence, not war  British Prime Minister Tony Blair has remained defiant at a Labour Party annual conference, but admitted that some mistakes had been made over the war in Iraq.	3
0	Weakened Arafat Heads for France, Cancer Suspected   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian leader Yasser  Arafat, weakened by what doctors think may be leukemia, flew to  France for treatment on Friday from the besieged West Bank  headquarters where he had been pinned for over 2-1/2 years.	2
1	No Delay In Iraqi Elections, Bush Says Thursday  More than a dozen Iraqi political parties want elections in Iraq postponed until security at the polls can be guaranteed, but President Bush said Thursday the Jan. 30 date for elections is firm and should not be changed.	0
0	Bush Seeks  #36;2 Billion in Hurricane Aid (AP)  AP - President Bush will ask Congress for  #36;2 billion to help victims of Hurricane Charley, the White House said Friday.	0
0	Bush Targets Key States Ahead of RNC (AP)  AP - Busing through western Ohio, where jobs have been slow to come back in the economic recovery, President Bush told rural audiences on Saturday that he would work to open foreign markets to U.S. crops and factory goods.	0
1	CBS News Names Panel to Review Tainted Bush Report   NEW YORK (Reuters) - CBS News named former U.S. Attorney  General Dick Thornburgh and retired Associated Press chief  Louis Boccardi on Wednesday to review its discredited report on  President Bush's military record.	0
0	Sharon apologises for border deaths  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon apologised to Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak yesterday after an Israeli tank crew killed three Egyptian policemen on the border between Egypt and Gaza.	4
0	Hamas agrees to avoid infighting  Ahmed Qureia, the Palestinian prime minister, has appealed to all political and military factions to avoid violence while Yasser Arafat lies critically ill in a French military hospital - and after he dies.	2
0	Lawyer Advising Vets Quits Bush Campaign (AP)  AP - One of President Bush's top lawyers resigned from his campaign Wednesday, a day after disclosing that he had given legal advice to a veterans group airing TV ads challenging Democrat John Kerry's Vietnam War service. The guidance included checking ad scripts, the group said.	0
1	Md. Faith Leaders Talk About Mideast Peace After Arafat  BALTIMORE -- Following the death of former Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, some Marylanders begin to think about what #39;s next in the Mideast peace process.	2
0	Ambulance Pulls Up Near Arafat's Headquarters   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - An ambulance pulled up  outside the headquarters of Palestinian President Yasser Arafat  on Wednesday and three medics went inside, a Reuters journalist  said.	2
0	Edwards: Bush 'At War' With Working Class (AP)  AP - Democratic vice presidential candidate John Edwards told a largely blue-collar audience Friday that President Bush has been "at war" with working people and organized labor.	0
1	Bush, Kerry Face Voters; Turnout Critical  Voters turned out in large numbers on Tuesday to deliver an unpredictable verdict on President Bush and Democratic Sen. John Kerry as the long, bitter and deadlocked White House race drew to a close.	0 1
1	Bush to Announce Intelligence Reforms  A White House spokesman says President Bush will announce Friday significant reforms to the US intelligence apparatus. The spokesman says those reforms will include temporarily boosting the powers of the director of the Central Intelligence Agency.	0
0	PM leads tributes at Bigley memorial  Tony Blair led the tributes to the murdered hostage Ken Bigley yesterday at a memorial service in Liverpool which was also attended by Cherie Blair and the Foreign Secretary, Jack Straw.	3
0	In Address at UN, Bush Defends Decision to Invade Iraq  resident Bush defended his decision to wage war against Iraq, telling the United Nations today that the country will be a beacon of freedom in the Middle East and that liberty-loving nations should not falter in the face of terrorism.	0
0	Hamas wishes Arafat speedy recovery  GAZA CITY (AFP) - The political chief of the radical Hamas movement, Khaled Meshaal, called ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat at his sick bed in Paris to inquire after his health, a Hamas spokesman told AFP yesterday.	2
1	Mondo Washington  hings were looking good for George W. Bush last weekOhio and Florida safely tilting in his direction, John Kerry hanging on to a narrow lead in Michigan, and Pennsylvania seemingly drifting toward the Republicans.	0 1
0	Danforth Says He Left Position At UN for Personal Reasons  John C. Danforth, the US ambassador to the United Nations, said Friday that he withdrew his name from contention for any senior post in President Bush #39;s second term 	0
0	Jobs Report, Iraq War Frame Second Debate  ST. LOUIS - President Bush and Sen...	0
0	Germans Wary of U.S. Troop Withdrawal (AP)  AP - German officials voiced concern Monday that their country has the most to lose with President Bush's announcement that tens of thousands of troops will return to the United States over the next decade.	0
1	Lawsuit uncovers Bush Guard records  Months after insisting it could find no more records of President Bush #39;s Air National Guard service, the Defense Department has released more than two dozen pages of files, including Bush #39;s report card for flight training and dates of 	0
0	India PM due to meet Tony Blair  Manmohan Singh kicks off his eight-day foreign trip with a meeting with Tony Blair in London.	3
0	Bush Picks Kellogg CEO for Commerce Post (AP)  AP - President Bush on Monday chose Carlos Gutierrez, a native of Cuba who rose from truck driver to chief executive officer of Kellogg Co., to be secretary of Commerce.	0
0	Likud Holds Key Vote, Sharon Warns of Elections   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  urged his Likud party on Thursday to vote for a governing  alliance with the Labour Party, warning that failure to do so  would force snap elections and derail his Gaza withdrawal plan.	4
0	Palestine Leaders Delay Arafat Visit  The senior Palestinian officials hoping to come to France to visit their ailing leader Yasser Arafat put off their trip on Monday because Arafat #39;s wife was opposed to it, a Palestinian official said.	2
0	Blair, Ahern press Northern Ireland rivals in talks grind (AFP)  AFP - Prime Ministers Tony Blair of Britain and Bertie Ahern of Ireland dug in with Northern Ireland's rival Catholic and Protestant parties for a second day of talks aimed at restoring the province's power-sharing government.	3
1	Presidential candidates prepare for final debate  SANTA FE, NM -- Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry is in New Mexico, where he will spend the next two days prepping for Wednesday #39;s debate.	1
0	Throngs Kept Away From Formal Tribute  In a ceremony isolated from the Arab throngs that loved Yasser Arafat best, kings and diplomats, presidents or proxies from more than 50 countries paid tribute Friday to the man who personified the Palestinians' aspirations for statehood.	2
0	In New Attacks, Bush Pushes Limit on the Facts  Several analysts say that President Bush has pushed the limits of subjective interpretation and offered exaggerated or imprecise accounts of John Kerry's policy positions.	0 1
3	Bush Backs US Tariffs on Shrimp  Foreign shrimp producers have denied they are selling shrimp at artificially low prices as a way to win a larger share of the US market.	0
0	Bush, Kerry Tentatively OK Three Debates  NEW YORK - The campaigns of President Bush and Sen. John Kerry are working on the final details for a series of presidential debates set to begin at the end of the month...	0 1
0	Settlers Say Gaza Meeting with Sharon a 'Disgrace'   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Jewish settler leaders failed Sunday  to persuade Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon to put his  planned Gaza withdrawal to a national referendum and called a  confrontational meeting with him a "disgrace."	4
0	Powell Urges Mideast Foes to Enable Palestinian Vote   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Secretary of State Colin Powell  launched a new Middle East peace drive on Sunday by saying he  would press both Israeli and Palestinian leaders for steps to  help Palestinians elect a successor to Yasser Arafat.	2
1	Provisional Ballots Will Still Be Counted  Ohio seemed to be the focus of this election until John Kerry conceded to George Bush, but the Ohio count will continue. Unofficially Bush wins Ohio, but voters won #39;t know the official count for a few weeks.	1
1	Arafat examined by doctors, Sharon faces crucial vote  JERUSALEM - Tunisian specialists examined Yasser Arafat on Saturday night after the 75-year-old Palestinian leader complained of a stomach disorder and high temperature.	2
0	White House Shrugs Off N. Korea Comments (AP)  AP - The White House said Tuesday that North Korea's Kim Jong Il is engaging in "more bluster" by criticizing President Bush as a leader who is fomenting world unrest.	0
0	Weakened Arafat Heads for France, Cancer Suspected   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian leader Yasser  Arafat, weakened by what doctors think may be leukemia, flew to  France for treatment on Friday from the besieged West Bank  headquarters where he had been pinned for over 2-1/2 years.	2
0	Dan Rather's Future a Complicated Question  NEW YORK - In Kansas City, Mo., it's Kirk Black's job to answer for Dan Rather. The station manager of KCTV, like his colleagues at many other CBS affiliates, is facing a flood of calls and e-mails from viewers angry at Dan Rather for relying on apparently fake documents to suggest President Bush's National Guard service record was less than stellar...	0
1	Artists, musicians lament Bush victory  They urged young people to Vote for Change and Rock the Vote. They gave concerts and readings in battleground states.	0
0	Holiday Pals Berlusconi, Blair Cement Ties  With a bandanna on his head and a grin on his cheeks, Italy #39;s flamboyant Premier Silvio Berlusconi has been playing vacation host to Britain #39;s Tony Blair in Sardinia, an unlikely holiday coupling that highlights an Italian-British alliance ...	3
1	Bush Nominates Sam Bodman as Energy Secretary  President Bush nominated Deputy Treasury Secretary Sam Bodman as his choice for energy secretary on Friday as he nearly completed his second-term Cabinet.	0
0	Arafat's Diagnosis May Soon Be Revealed (AP)  AP - Nearly a week after his death, speculation still swirls around what killed Yasser Arafat. Cirrhosis of the liver, AIDS, a blood disorder and poisoning are frequently mentioned in unconfirmed reports  #151; all consistent with the little that is publicly known about the medical condition that landed the Palestinian leader in a French hospital.	2
1	Candidates step up personal attacks  President Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry have stepped up the attacks on each other ahead of their big debate. Mr Bush saying Kerry changed positions so often he could debate himself.	0 1
1	Sharons Actions Leading to Major Party Split  (IsraelNN.com) Prime Minister Ariel Sharon told Likud faction supporters that the party members who oppose his Gaza plan will be targeted with sanctions after they failed to vote in support of his address to the opening session of the Knesset winter 	4
1	Bush put on defensive by Bremer #39;s remarks  WASHINGTON Assertions by L. Paul Bremer 3rd, the former top US administrator in Iraq, that President George W. Bush had not sent enough troops to secure the country have put the White House on the defensive on Iraq policy and prompted Senator John Kerry 	0 1
1	A sliding John Kerry should dare to speak out  Senator John Kerry #39;s campaign for president is running like a dry creek. President George W. Bush has set America on a dangerous, costly course and shows no sign of changing his ways if he wins a second term as president.	0 1
0	Sharon pleased with drop in terror attacks  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is pleased with recent results in the fight against terror, but says the fight will continue uncompromisingly.	4
1	Record amount of corn to be used for ethanol production  As President Bush nominated Samuel Bodman as the nation #39;s next energy secretary Friday, the US Department of Agriculture reported more of the nation #39;s corn crop will be used for ethanol production this year.	0
0	Bush Denounces Outside Groups' Influence on Campaign  Asked about an anti-Kerry ad that has roiled the presidential race, President Bush denounced attack ads by 527 groups on both sides.	0
1	All eyes on third debate after Kerry ups  #39;likeability #39; rating  The contest for the White House was locked in a dead heat yesterday, with Republican and Democratic strategists looking to the third and last debate to score the convincing victory that could alter the dynamics of the race.	1
0	Bush, Kerry Turn Focus to Domestic Policies (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush and Democratic challenger Sen. John Kerry turned their focus to domestic issues on Saturday, sparring over tax cuts and other economic policies as they campaigned in battleground states.	0 1
0	Arafat Makes Final Journey Home to West Bank  Thousands of Palestinians surged into Yasser Arafat #39;s battered West Bank compound on Friday to pay tumultuous homage to their late president at the end of his final journey home.	2
3	EU to lift trade sanctions on US  The European Union (EU) said on Monday it would lift trade sanctions against the United States after President George W. Bush signed into law the bill repealing illegal export 	0
0	Bahrain Envoy Says Mideast Peace in Sight (AP)  AP - Bahrain's foreign minister said Friday that an Israeli-Palestinian agreement was within reach, urging the United States to seize the chance presented by the Palestinian elections to advance the peace process. Palestinians are to vote Jan. 9. for a replacement for the late Yasser Arafat.	2
1	Blair Sees Revolt Over Troop Move  (CBS/AP) Prime Minister Tony Blair faced a revolt by lawmakers Wednesday over a US request to redeploy some British troops closer to Baghdad.	3
0	Kerry Decries Bush Plan to Recall Troops  CINCINNATI - John Kerry, telling fellow combat veterans he's their "true brother in arms," said Wednesday that President Bush's plan to withdraw U.S. troops from Europe and Asia would weaken U.S...	0 1
0	Bush Shrugs Off Bad Polls on Iraq Outlook (AP)  AP - President Bush on Thursday shrugged off polls that suggest most Iraqis see Americans as occupiers not liberators. "I saw a poll that said the right track-wrong track in Iraq was better than here in America," he told reporters.	0
0	Heinz Kerry Asks if Laura Bush Ever Had 'Real Job' (Reuters)  Reuters - Teresa Heinz Kerry, wife of Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry, questioned whether first lady Laura Bush ever had "a real job," but apologized later on Wednesday after her remarks drew fire from the Bush campaign.	1
1	Britain doing  quot;all we can quot; for hostage in Iraq  Prime Minister Tony Blair has his government is doing all in its power to help a kidnapped Briton -- but he has avoided a public response to insurgents threatening to kill the man.	3
0	Sharon #39;s Plan  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is pushing forward his unilateral  quot;disengagement quot; plan which calls for the withdrawal of Israeli forces and the dismantling of settlements in the Gaza strip and parts of the West Bank.	4
1	Bush Stops in Colombia, Pledges Aid for Drug War  CARTAGENA, Colombia--President Bush pledged more funding to support Colombia #39;s fight against drugs and violence during a visit Monday to the world #39;s cocaine capital, telling 	0
3	An Industry-by-Industry Look at the Implications of the Election  From Wall Street to Detroit, there were plenty of sighs of relief as it became clear that President Bush had won another term. As one auto executive said,  quot;Bush has been a good president to work with.	0
0	Thousands give Arafat emotional farewell  asser Arafat was buried Friday to gunfire and mob devotion as his people stormed buildings and overran his walled compound in a frenzied send-off the guerrilla warrior wouldn #39;t have had any other way.	2
0	September Job Growth Less Than Forecast  WASHINGTON - Companies added 96,000 jobs to their payrolls in September, fewer than economists forecast for the last employment report before Election Day. The figures underscored the modest hiring pace that has become an issue in President Bush's re-election bid...	0
0	Few Visit Ground Zero in N.Y. as Convention Begins (Reuters)  Reuters - As the Republican convention opened less than four miles away, a small number of visitors to Ground Zero paid their respects on Monday with mixed feelings about whether President Bush should come to the site of the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks.	0
0	Sharon: Operation in Gaza Will Continue  TEL AVIV, Israel Oct. 2, 2004 - Israel #39;s army will operate in the northern Gaza Strip until all Palestinian rocket fire against Israeli towns is halted, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said late Saturday in an interview on Israel Radio.	4
0	Top Bush Officials Clash Over Iraq Election (Reuters)  Reuters - Iraq's elections should be nationwide, a top Bush administration official said on Friday,  clashing publicly with Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld's suggestion that voting might not take place in the most violent areas.	0
1	Bush, Hu Discuss Chinese Currency Policy  President Bush spoke to Chinese President Hu Jintao on Thursday about what the White House called Beijing #39;s commitment to steadily move to a flexible exchange rate.	0
0	Sharon Presents Gaza Withdrawal Timetable  JERUSALEM - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on Tuesday presented to his Likud party the most detailed timetable yet for a withdrawal from the Gaza Strip, and warned party rebels the plan "will be implemented, period."   A Sharon ally in the Cabinet said the evacuation of Jewish settlements in Gaza could begin by the end of the year, or several months ahead of schedule.    The initial plan called for a withdrawal from Gaza and four small West Bank settlements in four stages, to be completed by September 2005...	4
0	Wavering Voters Anti-Iraq, Wary of Kerry  WASHINGTON - In an election where most voters have already chosen sides, the presidency could be decided by a small slice of America in the mushy middle - wavering voters who are more likely than others to question President Bush's honesty and think the war in Iraq was a mistake.    An Associated Press study of 1,329 "persuadable" voters, conducted by Knowledge Networks in advance of the presidential debates, suggests these people are deeply conflicted about change in the White House...	0
1	Bush targets nuclear ambitions  President Bush #39;s concentration on North Korea #39;s nuclear programme at the meeting of Asian and Pacific countries in Chile shows that stopping the spread of nuclear weapons will continue to 	0
0	PLO chief urges end to armed intifada  West Bank: New PLO chairman Mahmud Abbas called for an end to the armed uprising, as Israeli tanks Tuesday rolled into Gaza in the aftermath of the most lethal Palestinian attack since Yasser Arafat #39;s death.	2
0	Many at odds with Bush foreign policy  WASHINGTON -- A new survey indicates that a majority of the American public is at odds with many of President's Bush's foreign policy priorities, with overwhelming majorities favoring treaties that the Bush administration opted out of and more than half saying that the United States has the right to go to war without United Nations approval only if there is ...	0
3	Bush Nominates Kellogg Executive for Commerce Secretary  Carlos Gutierrez has been chief executive of the Kellogg Company for more than five years, but he has little background in public policy.	0
1	Security and trade in President Bushs agenda.  In his first overseas policy speech since been reelected US president George W. Bush, addressing the CEO APEC summit in Santiago de Chile on Saturday promised to keep strengthening freedom and democracy in the world and asked for a greater commitment in 	0
0	Bush Pressuring G.O.P. to Approve Intelligence Bill  President Bush sought to stem a near- rebellion by members of his own party by forcefully endorsing the bill.	0
1	Laura Bush Says Not Bothered by Heinz Kerry Remark  US first lady Laura Bush on Thursday dismissed as unimportant a comment by the wife of Democratic presidential candidate Sen. John Kerry that Mrs.	0 1
0	We can #39;t afford this trans-Atlantic squabble  WASHINGTON A second term for George W. Bush is hardly the outcome Europe desired. But neither Europe nor America can afford four more years of strain.	0
0	Summary: Bush Has Full Agenda for January (AP)  AP - FIRST ON TAP: President Bush was meeting Monday with nine new senators and 41 new representatives joining the 109th Congress in a session that a spokesman said was aimed at "coming together."	0
0	Lawmakers Hold Out Hope for Intel Bill (AP)  AP - Unwilling to concede defeat, congressional leaders expressed hope Sunday that lawmakers could return next month to resolve a turf battle that has blocked passage of an overhaul of the nation's intelligence agencies. Much depends on whether President Bush is more active in bringing his own troops in line, they said.	0
0	Hostage agony takes toll on family  Desperate but unanswered pleas to release a British hostage threatened with death in Iraq have taken their toll on his family and put pressure on UK Prime Minister Tony Blair.	3
1	Bush, Kerry Are Near Even in Newsweek, Zogby Polls (Update1)  US President George W. Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry are statistically tied in a Newsweek poll, which last week showed Bush leading by 6 percentage points, and in a Reuters/Zogby tracking poll.	0 1
0	Latest news briefs from the Jewish Telegraphic Agency  Israel agreed to a Palestinian request to bury Yasser Arafat in Ramallah. Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and top Cabinet members on Wednesday overruled military chiefs who said that burying the Palestinian Authority 	2 4
0	Arafat still critical as Palestinians prepare for power transfer  RAMALLAH, West Bank: Palestinians were planning Sunday for a smooth transfer of power in the event of Yasser Arafat #39;s death at a series of high-level political and security meetings while the veteran leader battled for life in a French hospital.	2
0	Barghouti to Seek Palestinian Presidency  Shaking up the race to replace Yasser Arafat, imprisoned uprising leader Marwan Barghouti announced his candidacy for the Palestinian presidency in a last-minute decision to challenge the establishment candidate.	2
0	Bush, Kerry Trade Charges Before Debate (AP)  AP - In a last-minute flurry of accusations before their final debate, John Kerry tried to tie President Bush to record oil prices while the president charged that his Democratic opponent has totally misunderstood the war on terror.	0 1
1	Kerry moves to cement advantage, but expects battle to the finish  Democrat John Kerry, back in Washington state to court undecided swing voters in a battleground state, is leading in the polls here but his campaign fully expects President Bush to contest the region until the bitter end.	0 1
0	WTO Framework Deal 'Positive' - Kerry Campaign (Reuters)  Reuters - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry supports an agreement negotiated by the Bush administration to relaunch long-stalled world trade talks and potentially slash billions of dollars in U.S. farm subsidies, campaign officials said on Wednesday.	1
1	Moore Set to Shoot 'Fahrenheit' Sequel (AP)  AP - Michael Moore plans a follow-up to "Fahrenheit 9/11," his hit documentary that assails President Bush over the handling of the Sept. 11 attacks and the war on terrorism, according to a Hollywood trade paper.	0
1	America #39;s winners and losers  George W Bush may have been the victor of the 2004 presidential election, and his Democratic challenger John Kerry clearly the vanquished.	1
0	Aides say Arafat improving  Palestinian President Yasser Arafat is recovering from serious illness after a weekend of treatment and tests at a French military hospital but is still exhausted, a Palestinian official says.	2
1	Four Ways the Election Can Go  Is it repeat of Bush vs. Dukakis? Will George W. break? Will it be another one-state toss-up? Can Kerry catch fire? As if the 2004 Presidential campaign couldn #39;t get any more unpredictable, now comes a new 	0 1
1	Bush Confronts New Challenge on Issue of Iran  While assembling a new national security team, President Bush is confronting what could become the biggest challenge of his second term: how to contain Iran #39;s 	0
0	Bush urges N Ireland leaders to accept Anglo-Irish proposal (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush has urged Northern Ireland's leaders to accept an Anglo-Irish proposal aimed at ending political deadlock between Protestants and Roman Catholics, the White House said.	0
1	Bush nominates new homeland security secretary  US President George W. Bush (L), with Former New York City Police Commissioner Bernard Kerik (R), who has been chosen as the new US homeland security secretary.	0
0	Britain agrees to troop redeployment to back Fallujah offensive  On October 21, the Labour government of Prime Minister Tony Blair confirmed that it would accede to a US request to redeploy approximately 850 troops and support staff from their 	3
1	Bush gains wide lead in opinion polls  President George Bush has jumped to an 11-point lead over Democratic challenger John Kerry in new opinion polls - the widest margin since serious campaigning began.	1
0	Bush defends war despite arms report  US President George W. Bush on Thursday defended his decision to go to war against the  quot;unique threat quot; of Iraq, despite an official US report that Baghdad did not have weapons of mass destruction, as a Shiite militia pledged to disarm.	0
1	Blair: No Apology For WMD Claim  (CBS/AP) Prime Minister Tony Blair vigorously denied on Wednesday that he misrepresented intelligence about Iraqi weapons before the war, rejecting growing demands for an apology from opponents in Parliament who accuse him of misleading the country.	3
0	Powell push to revive Middle East roadmap  Colin Powell, the departing US Secretary of State, flies into Israel tonight to open a week of diplomacy aimed at helping to revive the Middle East peace process after Yasser Arafat #39;s death.	2
0	Florida Voters May Cast Ballots Monday (AP)  AP - The deciding votes in this critical battleground state could be cast long before President Bush and Sen. John Kerry make their final pleas to voters.	0 1
0	Bush and Kerry Differ on State of Economy  CLEVELAND - Good news, or bad? President Bush and Democrat John Kerry have differing takes about the vitality of the nation's job market - a question that's heating up this year's race for the White House.    Bush, who is campaigning Saturday in Ohio - a pivotal state that has lost tens of thousands of manufacturing jobs, says a new U.S...	0 1
0	Bush Prepares for Possible GPS Shutdown (AP)  AP - President Bush has ordered plans for temporarily disabling the U.S. network of global positioning satellites during a national crisis to prevent terrorists from using the navigational technology, the White House said Wednesday.	0
0	Advisers Urge Kerry to Flex Power in Senate and Party  Unlike Al Gore, John Kerry is under no pressure to disappear from view for the sake of national unity, advisers say.	1
0	Bush speaks of 'Soviet dinar' in speech about Iraq (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush spoke of "the Soviet dinar," even though dinars are the Iraqi currency.	0
1	Bush capitalizing on Sudan crisis  The ranking Sudanese diplomat in Canada yesterday accused US President George W. Bush of trying to buy votes from African-Americans to support his re-election bid by branding the crisis in Sudan #39;s Darfur region a genocide.	0
1	Investors content to stay the course  Investors cheered President George W. Bush #39;s re-election yesterday, but analysts caution that when the cheering stops, investors might refocus on real problems that could still hold back the economy and stocks.	0
1	Democrats, GOP spin numbers in September jobs report  COLUMBUS - John Kerry #39;s campaign in Ohio seized on yesterday #39;s Labor Department report that said the US economy added 96,000 jobs in September, a weaker total than expected in the last employment report before the Nov. 2 election.	1
1	Justice, and her own heritage, is something Condoleeza Rice should <b>...</b>  Condoleeza Rice, President George W. Bush #39;s national security adviser and right-hand woman, is odds-on to replace US Secretary of State Colin Powell.	0
1	Bush Nominates Spellings for Education Post  President Bush on Wednesday nominated a longtime close aide, White House domestic policy adviser Margaret Spellings, as the next education secretary.	0
0	Shrugging Off Mutiny, Sharon Rejects Gaza Referendum   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli leader Ariel Sharon rejected  calls from within his mutinous cabinet Wednesday for a  referendum on leaving Gaza after winning parliament's support  to uproot settlements from land claimed by Palestinians.	4
1	Candidates focus on domestic concerns as Election Day looms  WILKES-BARRE, Pa. -- Domestic issues took precedence yesterday as both major-party presidential candidates sought to rally Americans to their side, with John F. Kerry chastising President Bush for seeking 	0
0	2 Kerry Votes on War and Peace Underline a Political Evolution  Votes against the gulf war in 1991 and for using force against Iraq in 2002 seem like a metaphor for John Kerry's Senate career.	1
0	Iraqi footballers' fury at Bush  Iraq's Olympic footballers attack President Bush, accusing him of exploiting their success.	0
0	Leaders map out concept for peace in N. Ireland  LONDON -- After three months of intense talks aimed at breaking the deadlock in Northern Ireland's peace process, Prime Minister Tony Blair yesterday laid out the framework for an agreement between the two sides that he said was ''remarkable but not yet complete. quot;	3
1	Arafat #39;s death: Global reaction in quotes  WEST BANK (BBC) - Yasser Arafat led Palestinian politics for more than 40 years. World leaders have been sending their condolences following the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Mixed reaction in Middle East to Bush #39;s re-election  CAIRO - The prospect of George W Bush spending four more years in the White House drew mixed reactions and a dose of caution in the troubled Middle East.	0
0	Delegates, Protesters Descend on New York  NEW YORK - Abortion-rights protesters and the first Republican delegates descended on President Bush's heavily fortified convention city Saturday as campaign officials said their boss would use the nomination spotlight to defend his hawkish foreign polices and offer a second-term agenda for health care, education and job training.   "He believes it's important for a candidate to talk about what he's done and, most important, where he wants to lead," said adviser Karen Hughes, aboard Bush's campaign bus in Ohio...	0
3	Dow posts biggest gain in more than a year on oil drop-off, Bush <b>...</b>  The Dow gained more than 177 points Thursday -- its best day in more than a year -- as investors reveled in falling oil prices and the newly re-elected Bush administration #39;s pro-business agenda.	0
0	New cabinet fails to squelch power-struggle talk (AFP)  AFP - Prime Minister Tony Blair huddled with his cabinet after a reshuffle that reinforced his grip on the Labour Party, at least for the time being, ahead of an expected general election.	3
1	Missing in Action  resident Bush claims that in the fall of 1972, he fulfilled his Air National Guard duties at a base in Alabama. But Bob Mintz was there - and he is sure Mr.	0
0	Northern Ireland talks grind on through night  LEEDS CASTLE, England : Talks to restore home rule to Northern Ireland ground on as British Prime Minister Tony Blair and Ireland #39;s Bertie Ahern pushed rival Catholic and Protestant parties toward a lasting peace deal.	3
0	Arafat nephew may get file  PARIS Offering a solution to a diplomatic problem, the French authorities said Thursday that they would release Yasser Arafat #39;s medical records to his nephew, a Palestinian Authority representative, who then could resolve questions about the cause of 	2
1	CBS Softens Defense of Bush Documents  WASHINGTON Sept. 16, 2004 - Anchor Dan Rather and other top figures at CBS News are softening their defense of the authenticity of challenged documents purporting to prove lapses in President Bush #39;s National 	0
0	Bush Signs Bill for Nev. Wilderness Area (AP)  AP - President Bush has signed into law a measure creating what conservationists say will be the largest piece of federally protected wilderness in Nevada  #151; an area about half the size of the state of Delaware.	0
0	Bush to Address U.N. on Iraq and Humanitarian Issues  Secretary General Kofi Annan opened this year's annual meeting today by criticizing President Bush's plans in Iraq.	0
1	Attacking Military Records  As the uproar over John Kerry #39;s record during the Vietnam War illustrates, that polarizing conflict is still being fought. It probably will remain a flash point at least for the duration of the Vietnam-era generation.	1
1	Poll: Candidates Neck and Neck  Oct. 18, 2004 The 2004 campaign moves into its last two weeks with a close race, but one in which George W. Bush holds the advantage in a range of underlying measurements.	0
0	Bush, Kerry trade shots on bin Laden, economy, health care (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush and Democratic White House hopeful John Kerry battled over Iraq, terrorism, health care, and jobs, hoping their final debate would break their deadlocked race.	0 1
0	Questions for Palestinian leaders  THE DAY after Yasser Arafat #39;s death, headlines declared a  quot;New Middle East quot; and commentators described his passing as  quot;a window to peace quot; and  quot;a great opportunity.	2
0	Arafat in a state of clinical death, alert in the Palestinian <b>...</b>  Vagueness still overwhelms the fate of the Palestinian President Yasser Arafat who has been in coma, according to the French medical sources which treat him at Percy military hospital in Paris.	2
0	Palestinians Deny Arafat Going to Hospital   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian President  Yasser Arafat is on the mend and does not need to leave his  West Bank compound for medical treatment, officials said  Monday, denying a report he might go to hospital.	2
0	Israeli Parties Seen Finalizing Unity Coalition (Reuters)  Reuters - Israel's ruling Likud and opposition Labour parties plan to seal a deal on Saturday to forge a unity coalition seen as crucial to carrying out Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's Gaza pullout plan, party officials said.	4
1	Responding to McCain, Bush Plans Legal Action on Ads  President Bush sought to smooth over differences with Sen. John McCain on Thursday by promising to take legal action to stop political ads by outside groups, including 	0
0	Former Swift Boat Commander Backs Kerry on Vietnam (Reuters)  Reuters - A journalist who commanded a boat alongside John Kerry in Vietnam broke a 35-year silence on Saturday and defended the Democratic presidential candidate against Republican critics of his military service and integrity.	1
1	Kerry Says Iraq War Raises Questions on Bush #39;s Judgment  enator John Kerry said today that the war in Iraq was a  quot;profound diversion quot; from the war on terror and the fight against Osama bin Laden, and he asserted that President Bush #39;s approach to 	0 1
1	Peres deplores Arafat #39;s terrorism  Israeli opposition Labour party leader Shimon Peres, who shared the Nobel peace prize with Yasser Arafat in 1994, on Thursday criticised the Palestinian leader for continuing on the path of  quot;terrorism quot;.	2
0	Bush Stumps as Friend to Coal and Steel Workers (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush portrayed himself as a friend of steel and mining workers in West Virginia on Sunday, on the eve of a Republican National Convention likely to spotlight his domestic policies.	0
0	Bush Hits Kerry in Debate Rebound Bid  WASHINGTON - President Bush blistered Sen. John Kerry on Wednesday as an apostle of "retreat in Iraq" and tax-and-spend liberalism at home...	0 1
0	Lawsuit Uncovers New Bush Guard Records  WASHINGTON - Months after insisting it could find no more records of President Bush's Air National Guard service, the Defense Department has released more than two dozen pages of files, including Bush's report card for flight training and dates of his flights.    The records, released under pressure of a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit by The Associated Press, show Bush ranked in the middle of his 1969 flight training class and flew 336 hours for the Texas Air National Guard, mostly in the F-102A fighter...	0
1	Shirking Duty in a Time of War: Documents Reveal Bush Received <b>...</b>  New information about President Bush #39;s military record reveal he fell short of his military obligations and received favorable treatment at the National Guard.	0
0	Bush Vaults Through Three Key States (AP)  AP - Fired up after his convention, President Bush raced through three states he lost in 2000, on a drive Friday to spur his backers to the polls in November. "It's a time for choosing," Bush said.	0
1	Bush lifts sanctions and freeze on Libyan assets  President Bush has decided to lift sanctions on air travel and a freeze on  $1 billion in assets that belong to Libya, which he expects will trigger release of more than  $4 million to each family of Lockerbie bombing victims, an administration official 	0
0	Jailed Palestinian eyes Arafat role  RAMALLAH, West Bank -- Marwan Barghouthi, a fiery Palestinian leader serving multiple life terms in an Israeli prison, indicated yesterday that he is running for Yasser Arafat's position as head of the Palestinian Authority, defying the traditional leadership and scrambling the political picture ahead of the Jan. 9 election.	2
0	Presidential Candidates Hit Midwest  The presidential candidates and their running mates fanned out across the Midwest with Labor Day messages promising job creation, appealing for votes in the territory pivotal to winning November's election.    President Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney were heading to three states between them Monday; Democratic candidate John Kerry and running mate John Edwards were venturing to six...	0 1
0	Congress Extends Middle-Class Tax Breaks (AP)  AP - With lopsided margins in both houses, Congress gave President Bush his fourth tax cut in four years, extending three popular middle-class tax breaks and reviving some expired business tax incentives just six weeks before the election.	0
1	Bush Says Iran Must Verify It Won #39;t Seek Nuclear Weapons  President George W. Bush said Iran must prove that it won #39;t seek a nuclear weapon after the Tehran government said it has suspended enrichment of uranium.	0
0	Reuters Poll: Bush Keeps Two-Point Lead on Kerry (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush maintained a slim two-point lead on Democratic rival John Kerry for the third consecutive day in a tight race for the White House, according to a Reuters/Zogby poll released on Sunday.	0 1
0	White House on Defensive After Bremer Talk  WASHINGTON - The White House staunchly defended its Iraq policy Tuesday as new questions emerged about President Bush's prewar decisions and postwar planning. An impending weapons report undercut the administration's main rationale for the war, and the former head of the American occupation said the United States had too few troops in Iraq after the invasion...	0
0	Blair: World Will Keep Pressure on Sudan for Peace   KHARTOUM (Reuters) - Britain's Tony Blair warned Sudan on  Wednesday the international community would not rest until  violence was ended in Darfur and a comprehensive peace deal was  struck across the whole country.	3
1	Dim prospects for peace  With public attention focused elsewhere, the Bush administration is letting Middle East peace hopes disappear. Israelis rightly complain that peace requires a partner, a role that Yasser Arafat has been pathetically incapable of filling so far.	2
1	Bush Reassures Elders on Flu Vaccination  President Bush waves to supporters as he arrives at Progress Energy Park-Al Lang Field during a campaign rally Tuesday, Oct. 19, 2004 in St.	0
0	Campaigns Aim to Lower Debate Expectations  CRAWFORD, Texas - It's a classic pre-debate dance, maybe as important as the matchup itself: lower expectations for your candidate's performance and jab the other guy while you're at it. While President Bush and Democrat John Kerry remained secluded half a country apart on Sunday in preparation for their prime-time showdown Thursday, representatives for each side employed their own double-barreled debate strategy...	0 1
0	President and Foreign Minister express condolences on death of <b>...</b>  Finnish President Tarja Halonen and the Minister for Foreign Affairs, Erkki Tuomioja (SDP), have expressed condolences to the family of President Yasser Arafat and to all Palestinians.	2
3	President Bush delivers anti-Labor Day message  TOM HARKIN. To understand what the Bush administration is really up to, it pays to watch what it does, not what it says. Monday, as the new Bush rule governing eligibility for overtime pay went into 	0
0	GOP Campaign on to Help Coburn in Okla. (AP)  AP - Republicans rushed to the defense of embattled Senate candidate Tom Coburn in Oklahoma on Friday, airing a television commercial that accuses his Democratic rival of being a "big time liberal" and opponent of President Bush's tax cuts.	0
0	Blair hosts Ulster talks  PRIME Minister Tony Blair and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern were today to meet unionists and nationalists in London for what have been billed as the most critical talks in the current negotiations to revive power sharing in Northern Ireland.	3
1	Bush says Iran nuke claims must be verified  CARTAGENA, Colombia - President Bush said Monday that he hopes Irans claim that it has suspended uranium enrichment and has no nuclear weapons ambitions is true, but there must be verification.	0
1	Attorney who advised vets quits Bush campaign  One of President Bushs top lawyers resigned from his campaign Wednesday, a day after disclosing that he had given legal advice to a veterans group airing television 	0
1	Your view: A chance for peace?  Yasser Arafat dominated the Palestinian movement for four decades, transforming himself from guerrilla into politician. Most Palestinians will remember him as the man who gave them hope and took their cause to the brink of statehood.	2
0	Iraqi leader takes center stage in US election battle (AFP)  AFP - Iraqi interim government leader Iyad Allawi took center stage in the US presidential campaign, with incumbent George W. Bush seeking a boost from his visit and Democratic challenger John Kerry charging the Bush administration was in  quot;disarray quot; over Iraq.	0 1
0	Legal fight over anti-Kerry film  The Democratic Party is attempting to stop a US television company airing a critique of John Kerry's Vietnam record.	1
1	Kerry denounces rise in Medicare premiums  Sen. John Kerry blamed the just-announced increase in Medicare premiums on a  quot;failed policy quot; by President Bush yesterday while campaigning in this crucial state.	0 1
0	McCain Joins Bush to Rein In Groups (washingtonpost.com)  washingtonpost.com - President Bush and Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) joined forces yesterday to seek legal action to reduce the influence of "527" political organizations, but the two remained in disagreement over whether Bush should condemn a television ad by the group Swift Boat Veterans for Truth attacking John F. Kerry's Vietnam service.	0
0	Arab Commentators Reflect on Arafat And the Future     Arab columnists have praised and criticized    Yasser Arafat 's tactics over the years, but in the wake of his death, they agreed on one thing: Palestinian leaders with new approaches may emerge, but the conditions under which they try to govern remain the same.	2
1	Two-Sided Story  here were two separate pieces to last night #39;s  quot;60 Minutes quot; segment about George W. Bush #39;s National Guard service, and there are two elements of context needed to understand those pieces fully.	0
0	Bush vows to  #39;reach out to our friends #39;  HALIFAX, Nova Scotia A  quot;new term in office is an important opportunity to reach out to our friends, quot; President George W. Bush said on an overnight trip to Canada, but he remained uncompromising about the US-led invasion of Iraq and his insistence that the 	0
1	Bush advisers wary of oil  In shift of tone, White House says high energy prices are now dragging on US economy. CRAWFORD, Texas (Reuters) - President Bush #39;s economic advisers are warning that high energy prices have become a drag on 	0
3	Theoretically, Tax Reform Should Fly  In crafting a broad agenda for his second term, Bush is trying to adhere strictly to economic theory, perhaps even more so than during the Reagan administration's early battles over deregulation and taxes.	0
0	Sharon, Abbas Say They're Willing to Meet (AP)  AP - Israel is ready to coordinate its planned withdrawal from the Gaza Strip with the new Palestinian leadership, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said in a published interview, saying he wants to take advantage of new opportunities created by the death of Yasser Arafat.	2 4
0	Bush to Meet With Leaders of Mexico, Chile  President Bush aims to dispel the perception of U.S. neglect of Latin America and burnish an American reputation damaged by the Iraq war, undertaking a second-term diplomatic offensive in the region akin to his recent courting of Europe.	0
0	Bush and Kerry Rush Back to the Campaign Trail  President Bush attacked John Kerry on Iraq today, taking a more aggressive approach than he had in the previous night's debate.	0 1
0	EU leaders to present aid deal to Iraq #39;s Allawi  Brussels: EU leaders will present a reconstruction aid package to Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi on Friday, as the bloc seeks a fresh start with US President George W. Bush after bitter internal divisions over Iraq.	0
1	Bush nominates White House counsel Gonzales for attorney general  President Bush paved the way for Alberto Gonzales to become the nation #39;s first Hispanic attorney general on Wednesday, nominating his White House counsel and longtime friend from Texas to replace departing John Ashcroft.	0
1	EU leaders discuss bigger role in Iraq, better ties with Bush  European Union leaders on Thursday considered taking on a bigger role in rebuilding Iraq and forging stronger ties with re-elected President Bush.	0
1	President responds to UN criticism  After telling voters Monday that election foe John Kerry has fish-tailed about the war in Iraq, President Bush prepared to answer criticism about the war effort in a speech today to the United Nations General Assembly.	0 1
1	CBS News Fights to Restore Credibility (AP)  AP - CBS News is trying to restore its credibility after a week of questions about its report on President Bush's National Guard service  #151; yet it may never conclusively know whether it was duped by fake documents.	0
0	Bush to Survey Frances Damage in Florida (AP)  AP - President Bush is returning to storm-battered Florida for the third time in 3 1/2 weeks, this time to survey damage from Hurricane Frances and to personally assure residents that billions more dollars in federal aid is coming.	0
0	Arafat reportedly in a coma  ILL HEALTH -- Under a portrait of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia talks to journalists after an emergency Fatah Central Committee meeting at Arafat #39;s headquarters in the West Bank town of Ramallah, Thursday.	2
1	Bush Team Prepares Net Assault  For the millions of television viewers who tune in to the first presidential debate in Miami Thursday night, the event will probably seem scripted, familiar and maybe even cordial.	0
0	No-Confidence Vote Planned Against Palestinian PM (Reuters)  Reuters - Lawmakers angered by the Palestinian leadership's failure to make reforms plan to force a parliamentary no-confidence vote that could bring down the government appointed by Yasser Arafat, legislators said.	2
0	New doubts on Bush military memos  Fresh doubts surface on the authenticity of memos on US President George W Bush's military record.	0
1	GOP hits Edwards on stem-cell talk  A leading Republican, speaking on behalf of President Bush #39;s reelection campaign, yesterday accused Senator John F. Kerry #39;s campaign of exploiting 	0 1
0	Let #39;s talk about Iran  During this presidential election campaign, President Bush and Sen. John Kerry are wrangling over a lot of things, but at least one important subject isn #39;t getting the concentrated attention it deserves on the campaign trail or from Washington.	0 1
1	Sayles' New Film Melds Satire of Bush and Whodunit   TORONTO (Reuters) - Describing his new film, "Silver City,"  as part murder mystery and part political satire, director John  Sayles made it very clear on Saturday which politician the  movie is satirizing.	0
1	Despite US elections, keep focused on Iraq  With just a week until Election Day, President Bush may be busier than ever with his campaign. But the task of stabilizing Iraq and corralling insurgents is urgent.	0
0	Sept. 11 Attacks Likely to Shape Bush Campaign (Reuters)  Reuters - George W. Bush's presidency was meandering along until the Sept. 11 attacks gave it a purpose, and his vigorous response drew world praise that fell apart over his invasion of Iraq.	0
1	Barnes   Noble Says 'Unfit' Sellout Not Its Fault (Reuters)  Reuters - Controversial book "Unfit for Command," which fires an election-year salvo at Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry's war record, has claimed one unintended victim -- bookstore chain Barnes   Noble Inc .	1
0	Kerry: 'Wake Up America' and Choose Fresh Start (Reuters)  Reuters - Democratic challenger John Kerry urged Americans on Friday to "wake up" and choose a new start on the economy and Iraq instead of four more years of President Bush's "catastrophic mismanagement."	0 1
0	Israel Hunts for Militants After Twin Bus Bombings  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon ordered the army to hunt down Palestinian militants after 16 people were killed in back-to-back suicide bombings by the militant Islamic Hamas group.	4
0	Blair: Sudan Committed to Darfur Conflict (AP)  AP - Sudan has agreed to a joint withdrawal of government and rebel forces in Darfur and will accept a big increase in international cease-fire monitors, British Prime Minister Tony Blair said Wednesday after talks with the country's president.	3
0	Blair Risks Backlash in Iraq Troop Move  Britain agreed on Thursday to a US request for Britain troops to move to dangerous areas near Baghdad, a politically risky step for Tony Blair who could face a sharp backlash if casualty rates start rising.	3
3	Bush selects Kellogg executive to head Commerce Department  President Bush announced Monday the nomination of Kellogg Co. Chairman and CEO Carlos Gutierrez to be secretary of Commerce, calling him  quot;an experienced manager and an innovative 	0
0	Bush Pins Hopes on Iraq Election  President Bush told Marines on Tuesday that Iraqi insurgents have suffered a "severe blow" but are not defeated, as he sought to boost U.S. troop morale and prepare the public for a violent run-up to next month's election in Iraq.	0
1	Third Presidential Debate Tonight  Aides to President Bush say he knows what he wants to do in tonight #39;s final face-off with John Kerry. His campaign manager tells CBS #39;s  quot;The Early Show quot; that Bush sees this as an opportunity 	0 1
0	Bush assails European subsidies to Airbus (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush repeated his attacks against European subsidies to Airbus Industry, but stopped short of threatening again to take action at the World Trade Organization.	0
1	Card  #39;honoured #39; to serve under Bush once more  Washington - President George Bush #39;s chief of staff, Andrew Card, will remain in his job for another four years, the White House announced on Monday.	0
0	Bush, Cheney Concede Iraq Had No WMDs  WASHINGTON - President Bush and his vice president conceded Thursday in the clearest terms yet that Saddam Hussein had no weapons of mass destruction, even as they tried to shift the Iraq war debate to a new issue - whether the invasion was justified because Saddam was abusing a U.N. oil-for-food program...	0
0	Bush Brushes Off Mixed Reviews of Debate (AP)  AP - President Bush on Thursday brushed off mixed reviews of his performance at the third and final debate against Democrat John Kerry, saying that what the voters think is more important.	0
0	Bush, Kerry on Issue of Minimum Wage (AP)  AP - Three times a week, The Associated Press picks an issue and asks President Bush and Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry a question about it. Today's question and responses:	0 1
0	Bush's National Guard record back in the critical spotlight (AFP)  AFP - Fresh questions were raised over George W. Bush's national guard service during the Vietnam War, with The Boston Globe reporting the president had fallen  quot;well short quot; of meeting his military obligations.	0
1	CBS #39;S MEMO TROUBLES  I have no way of knowing if CBS was duped when it recently aired memos questioning George W. Bush #39;s service in the Texas Air National Guard three decades ago.	0
1	Voting Problems in Ohio Set Off an Alarm  Voters in Ohio delivered a second term to President Bush by a decisive margin. But the way the vote was conducted there, election law specialists say, exposed a number of weak spots in the nation #39;s election system.	0
0	Arafat said to be in  #39;critical condition #39;  Teams of top medics were to carry out further bedside tests on ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat on Thursday who was said to be in a critical condition at his West Bank headquarters.	2
1	Bush Leads ... in Sales of Canned Beans  KNOXVILLE, Tenn. - Judging by the bean vote, President Bush could be on his way to a second term...	0
1	Arafat Kept on Life Support  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat was Thursday  quot;brain dead quot; and breathing only thanks to artificial life support systems, a French medical source said after conflicting reports as to whether he was alive or dead.	2
1	Sharon Defends Gaza Pullout Plan  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon inaugurated a new, tempestuous session of parliament on Monday by defending his plan to dismantle all Jewish settlements in the Gaza Strip and a few in the West Bank.	4
0	Bush pushes hi-tech defense; Kerry backs more manpower (AFP)  AFP - When George W. Bush looks out on the battlefields of the 21st century, he sees a sleek, mobile US force backed by high-tech weaponry. John Kerry also sees more boots on the ground.	0 1
0	Palestinians Reject Sharon's Peace 'Test'   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - The Palestinian Authority  on Friday rejected Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's new  and seemingly softer terms for restarting peace talks, saying  he should drop all conditions for dialogue.	4
1	Rock gets political to roll Bush  PhiladelphiaOver the span of his decades-long career, Bruce Springsteen concerts have had a comforting sameness in some very important respects: the thousands of adoring fans, the easy, between-songs conversational charm, the chants of his name, the 	0
1	Homeland Security  President George W. Bush (news - web sites) has picked former New York City police commissioner Bernard Kerik(L) as his homeland security secretary and an announcement is expected as early as Friday, Republican officials said on December 2, 2004.	0
0	Bush Sees a Safer America, While Kerry Sees a 'Colossal Error'  President Bush said he acted to protect the U.S., while John Kerry said Mr. Bush had made a "colossal error" of judgment in Iraq.	0 1
0	Blair Seeks New Global Climate Pact with Bush -Paper (Reuters)  Reuters - British Prime Minister Tony Blair is trying to involve the United States in an new international treaty on global warming, The Times newspaper said on Thursday.	3
1	Bush pulls ahead of Kerry in polls  WASHINGTONA series of post-debate polls have given George W. Bush a lead of two-to-eight percentage points over Democratic nominee John Kerry as the two men head into the final 15 days of the presidential campaign.	0 1
0	Bush condemns 'defeatist' Kerry  US President George W Bush launches his most scathing attack yet on challenger John Kerry.	0 1
1	Bush honours despite mistakes  WASHINGTON: George W. Bush yesterday bestowed the highest US civilian honour on three officials who were central to the war in Iraq, sidestepping their ties to controversies over the conflict and its aftermath.	0
1	Paris confirms Palestinian leaders cancel visit to Arafat  File photo of Yasser Arafat. French Defense Minister Michele Alliot-Marie announced Monday at French Europe 1 radio that Palestinian leaders have canceled their visit to ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat in Paris.	2
0	Bush Calls for 'Big Things' From Congress (AP)  AP - President Bush welcomed newly elected members of Congress to town Monday with a call "to achieve big things," beginning with help for foreigners devastated by the tsunami.	0
0	Sharon rejects Hamas ceasefire offer  Jerusalem: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has rejected a Hamas ceasfire offer asserting that the army will continue operations in Gaza to insure the safety of Israeli citizens even as five Palestinians, including a Hamas militant, were killed in two 	4
0	Kerry Trolls GOP Strongholds in Midwest  APPLETON, Wis. - John Nusbaum, retired after 30 years in the cheese business, voted three times to put a man named Bush in the White House...	0 1
1	Sharon accused of betrayal in Likud feud over Gaza  An increasingly bitter split within Israel #39;s ruling Likud party ahead of next week #39;s parliamentary vote on Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to withdraw Jewish settlers from the Gaza strip has deepened after the speaker of parliament accused the prime minister of 	4
0	Bush under renewed pressure over Vietnam-era service (AFP)  AFP - Democrats leaped on fresh revelations over George W. Bush's national guard service during the Vietnam War, saying they showed the president had lied about fulfilling his military obligations.	0
0	Israeli Parliament OKs Gaza Withdrawal (AP)  AP - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon won a historic victory Tuesday when parliament voted to approve his plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip and parts of the West Bank  #151; the first time lawmakers have authorized the removal of Jewish settlements from lands the Palestinians claim for a state.	4
0	Iraq to dominate Labour conference  Iraq and the fate of a British hostage are threatening to thwart Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s efforts to put domestic issues centre stage today as Chancellor Gordon 	3
0	In Address to Guard, Kerry Says Bush Isn't Telling Truth on Iraq  John Kerry told a National Guard conference that President Bush had deceived them when he presented an optimistic picture of the war in Iraq two days before.	0 1
0	S.Korea asks Bush to focus on N.Korea nuclear crisis  South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun has telephoned newly re-elected George W Bush, the US president, to propose that solving the nuclear crisis involving the isolated communist North be a priority for Bush #39;s second term in office.	0
0	Under pressure, US media group cancels broadcast of anti-Kerry film (AFP)  AFP - Facing public outcry and strong investor pressure, a US media conglomerate has backed down from its plan to air what was billed as a lengthy expose of John Kerry's role in the Vietnam War -- less than two weeks before the November 2 vote.	1
1	Protesters Greet Bush In Santiago  In his first overseas trip since his reelection, President Bush arrived in Chile on Friday to use what he calls his  quot;new capital quot; to press the 21 nations of 	0
1	Britain #39;s Deputy PM Warns Against Any Challenges to Blair  Britain #39;s deputy prime minister says the ruling Labour party will not tolerate any member who is considering challenging Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s run for a third term in office.	3
0	Blair rejects independent inquiry into Iraqi deaths  Tony Blair has told the House of Commons that he does not accept there is the need for an independent review and estimate of the number of civilians killed in Iraq.	3
0	Bush vows to speed the spread of 'freedom' (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush, still facing international criticism of the Iraq war, said he will make new proposals to spread  quot;freedom quot; when he addresses the United Nations this week.	0
0	Shrugging off mutiny, Sharon rejects Gaza referendum  JERUSALEM -- Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel rejected calls from within his Cabinet yesterday for a referendum on leaving Gaza after winning parliament's support to uproot settlements from land claimed by Palestinians.	4
1	Bush Spends Last Day At Pacific Rim Summit In Chile  President Bush was holding one-on-one talks Sunday with leaders of Chile and Mexico. He leaves Santiago Monday to return to Central Texas, where he will spend the remainder of the week.	0
0	US to work more closely with anti-terror ally Pakistan (AFP)  AFP - Senior US officials held their first talks with Pakistani counterparts since President George W. Bush won a second term and promised to work even more closely with Washington's key anti-terror ally, officials said.	0
1	Edwards goes to bat for Kerry again  John Kerry showed pleasure with his running mate #39;s debate performance against Vice President Cheney by assigning John Edwards on Wednesday to counter 	1
3	Bush touts tax relief, Edwards slams Bush record  President Bush, who credits three years of tax relief programs with helping strengthen the slow economy, said Saturday he would sign into law the Working Families Tax Relief Act to preserve tax cuts.	0
0	Bush: Terrorists May Plan More Attacks  WASHINGTON - Standing beside Iraq's interim leader, President Bush contended on Thursday that insurgents could "plot and plan attacks elsewhere, in America and other free nations," if the United States pulled its soldiers out.    After meeting with interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi, Bush said he expects violence in Iraq to escalate as the country moves toward elections scheduled for January...	0
0	Bush campaign loses spokesman (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush's campaign has lost its chief spokesman with less than two months left before the November 2 election, his Republican party said.	0
3	Bush's Economic Vision  The president's plan to partially privatize Social Security probably won't adversely impact financial markets, even if the program entails hundreds of billions of dollars in debt, Treasury Secretary John W. Snow said Friday.	0
0	Familiar Faces Likely in Either Bush, Kerry Cabinet (Reuters)  Reuters - Whether Republican George W. Bush or Democrat John Kerry wins the Nov. 2 election, Americans are likely to see some familiar faces in the Cabinet of either man as president.	0 1
0	Kerry Says Bush Broke Promise on Oil  SPRING GREEN, Wis. - Democratic Sen...	1
0	Bush Campaign Lawyer Quits Over Ties to Ads Group (Reuters)  Reuters - A top lawyer for President Bush's re-election campaign resigned on Wednesday after disclosing he has been providing legal advice to a group that accuses Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry of lying about his Vietnam War record.	0 1
0	Kerry: Bush, Cheney in Denial About Iraq (AP)  AP - Democratic Sen. John Kerry said Thursday that President Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney have failed to recognize a deteriorating situation in post-war Iraq and "may well be the last two people on the planet who won't face the truth."	0 1
0	Egypt Charts New Course for Mideast Peace (AP)  AP - Egypt is generating new hope for Mideast peace after four bleak years, transforming Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon from pariah to peacemaker and seeking to draw Arab leaders and a wary public into its efforts.	4
1	2004 Federal Deficit Surges To Record  $413 Billion  WASHINGTON -- The federal deficit surged to a record  $413 billion in 2004, the Treasury Department announced Thursday, injecting the figure into a presidential campaign in which the two parties have clashed over President George W. Bush #39;s management of 	0
0	Bin Laden Tape Stirs Up White House Race (Reuters)  Reuters - A taped threat from al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden shook up a deadlocked White House race on Friday, with President Bush and Democratic Sen. John Kerry vowing to win the war on terror but battling over who would do the best job.	0 1
0	Bush honours controversial trio  US President George W Bush awards medals to three men closely involved in the invasion and occupation of Iraq.	0
3	In Mr. Bush's Neighborhood, a Peculiar Intersection  The relationship between President Bush and Wall Street has always been layered with paradox and outright contradiction.	0
0	Arafat will not be buried in Jerusalem: Sharon  TEL AVIV - Israel will not allow Arafat to be buried in Jerusalem in the event of his death, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon was on Monday quoted as saying by the newspaper Yedioth Aharonoth.	2 4
0	AP Poll: Bush, Kerry in Dead Heat (AP)  AP - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry are locked in a tie for the popular vote, according to an Associated Press poll, while a chunk of voters vacillate between their desire for change and their doubts about the alternative.	0 1
3	Kerry or Bush will not impact US growth  The US economy will grow solidly in 2005 and the outlook is similar under President George W Bush or John Kerry, top US business economists said in a survey released today.	0 1
0	Sharon awaits critical Gaza vote  Israeli politicians held a stormy debate on Ariel Sharon #39;s Gaza withdrawal plan today ahead of a critical vote that could give the Israeli prime minister the crucial support he needs to push it forward.	4
1	Bush, Kerry head west to campaign  Both President Bush and Sen. John Kerry stepped up their attacks on one another Monday in New Mexico, a battleground state Bush lost in 2000 by just 366 votes.	0 1
0	Bush Selects E.P.A. Head to Be Secretary of Health  With the selection of Michael O. Leavitt, a former governor of Utah, the shape of the cabinet in President Bush's second term has become clear.	0
1	CBS News Fires Producer Over Arafat Special Report   LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - CBS News has fired the producer  responsible for interrupting the last five minutes of a hit  crime drama with a special report on the death of Palestinian  President Yasser Arafat, a network source said on Friday.	2
1	BUSH SEEKS FUNDS FOR COLOMBIA  US President George W. Bush has vowed to seek more funding for a sweeping plan to battle cocaine production and defeat heavily armed rebels in Colombia.	0
0	Arafat #39;s Legacy  The outpouring of tributes to Yasser Arafat is marked by two themes: (1) his greatness as creator, sustainer and leader of the Palestinian cause, and (2) the abrupt opening of an opportunity for its success now that he is gone.	2
1	Smackdown in St. Louis  A newly energized President Bush related, bio last night clashed with Sen. John F. Kerry related, bio over taxes and Iraq as Bush sought to regain his footing and Kerry fought to hold his ground in a freewheeling second faceoff in St.	0 1
0	Bush, Kerry Sharpen Attacks Over Iraq  ALLENTOWN, Pa. - President Bush and Democratic Sen...	0
0	Palestinian PM Renews Threat to Resign  Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qurie has renewed a threat to resign in a tussle for power with Yasser Arafat just six weeks after retracting his previous resignation, officials said on Wednesday.	2
0	Bush wants parley on Iraqi election  WASHINGTON The Bush administration is working with Iraqi leaders to press Middle Eastern countries and Western democracies to hold an international conference this autumn to bolster Iraq #39;s electoral process and to encourage Iraqi dissidents to participate 	0
1	Bush, Annan Open UN General Meeting  President Bush and UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan outlined sharply different world views in speeches kicking off the 59th General Assembly debate.	0
1	Campaigns making final push  Entering the final weekend of their long campaign, President Bush and Sen. John Kerry turned Friday to the closing arguments they hoped would seal victory -he 	0 1
1	Caged Bigley calls Blair liar  : A British hostage in Iraq appealed to Tony Blair to help free him in a new videotape aired today that left his family relieved Kenneth Bigley was alive but appalled to see him caged and in distress.	3
0	Israel Kills 5 Palestinian Militants in W.Bank Raid (Reuters)  Reuters - Israel killed five Palestinian militants in a West Bank raid on Wednesday, keeping up pressure on armed factions as Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's plan for a partial pullout from occupied lands moved forward.	4
0	Visitors headed for showdown with Arafat #39;s wife  Amidst the ongoing confusion over Yasser Arafat #39;s health, there is an unlikely showdown brewing in Paris -- between top members of the caretaker Palestinian administration and their ailing leader #39;s wife.	2
1	Mr. Lockhart #39;s smoking gun?  When exactly did CBS News acquire all of those infamous documents? Did the complete acquisition involve a quid pro quo assist from Kerry adviser Joe Lockhart?	1
0	Bush to Renew Intelligence Reform Pressure on Congress  <p></p><p> By David Morgan</p><p> SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - President Bush will renewpressure on Congress to reach agreement on intelligence reformsthis year, after a weekend deal collapsed in the face ofRepublican opposition, the White House said on Sunday.</p>	0
0	Israeli TV Says Arafat Health Has Worsened   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli television said on Wednesday  that Palestinian President Yasser Arafat's health had  deteriorated.	2
0	Blair returning to work amid buzz of battle to succeed him  LONDON, United Kingdom -- After a weekend in the English countryside to rest up from a minor heart operation, Prime Minister Tony Blair was preparing to return to work Sunday amid fevered speculation about his future as leader of the ruling Labour Party.	3
1	Arafat said to be in  #39;critical condition #39;  Teams of top medics were to carry out further bedside tests on ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat on Thursday who was said to be in a critical condition at his West Bank headquarters.	2
0	Politicians Seek Debate on Blair's Iraq 'Misconduct'   LONDON (Reuters) - Parliamentarians will table a motion on  Wednesday demanding a debate on Prime Minister Tony Blair's  "gross misconduct" in leading Britain to war against Iraq.	3
0	Prisoner who would be Arafat #39;s successor  Marwan Barghouti, held in an Israeli jail, is favourite to become Palestinian leader. But his election could be a setback for peace talks, reports Patrick Bishop.	2
1	Musharraf arrives in UK for talks  Pakistan #39;s President Pervez Musharraf has arrived in Britain for talks with UK Prime Minister Tony Blair. General Musharraf was given a red carpet welcome after landing on a flight from Washington where he held talks with US President George Bush.	3
0	Yasser Arafat #39;s death leaves Palestinian leadership worries  The Nov. 11 death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat has left the Middle -East and the international community and LBCC with a great deal of uneasy speculation as to how his absence will affect the future of the Israeli-Palestinian peace process.	2
0	ARIEL WARNS OF ROCKET PAYBACK  September 20, 2004 -- JERUSALEM - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon warned yesterday that Israel will retaliate against Palestinian rockets even if they are fired from civilian areas.	4
1	Clashes mar start of APEC in Chile  Angry protesters opposed to an economic summit of Pacific Rim nations and US President George W. Bush battled police for hours Wednesday, hurling rocks at officers who responded with tear gas and water cannon blasts.	0
1	Bush goes to bat to keep job in ninth-inning stretch  CINCINNATI - In the ninth inning of his re-election campaign, President Bush went for what he hoped would be the closer last night in battleground Ohio as he nearly filled Great American Ball Park.	0
0	Neck and Neck, Bush and Kerry Pick Different Tracks  President Bush and his opponent John Kerry ratcheted up the attacks on each other today, dueling over national security and seeking to build voter support among women.	0 1
1	Policing Political Ads  When John Kerry came to the Packers #39; home town for a campaign appearance last week, no one was happier to see him than the owners of the local television stations.	1
0	Bush CIA nominee 'too partisan'  A US Democrat senator tells a hearing that President Bush's nominee for CIA director is too close to the White House.	0
1	Inside Michael Moore #39;s Head(phones) The anti-Bush provocateur also <b>...</b>  When all is said and done, Michael Moore #39;s  quot;Fahrenheit 9/11 quot; may end up best remembered for a profound silence -- the seven minutes President Bush remained, after learning that the country was under attack, in front of a Florida elementary school class 	0
2	Sorenstam aims for fourth straight Mizuno Classic  With President George W. Bush asking for four more years in the White House and senator John Kerry campaigning for his first four, Annika Sorenstam is only looking for one more, as in one more win at the Mizuno Classic.	0 1
0	The twin challenges in Palestine and other Arab countries  The Palestinian intifada marked the completion of its fourth consecutive year yesterday, and, not surprisingly, Palestinian street anger is directed these days at both the Israelis for their brutal occupation and at Yasser Arafat #39;s incompetent and often 	2
1	NATIONAL VETERANS DAY CEREMONIES  President Bush honors veterans today with a wreath laying ceremony and a speech at Arlington National Cemetery. Hes paying tribute to Americans who have served their nation in uniform and those who are fighting 	0
0	Israel's Sharon Wins Crucial Likud Vote -Radio   TEL AVIV (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's  Likud party voted on Thursday in favor of his bid to bring the  opposition Labour party into government, said Army Radio citing  an initial ballot count.	4
0	Hostage #39;s tearful plea has become chillingly familiar  It has become all too familiar: the pale, shocked face of a hostage, crumpled in fear and despair, begging Prime Minister Tony Blair to concede to the captors #39; demands and spare another Briton from the savagery of the executioner #39;s sword.	3
3	September Job Growth Weaker Than Expected   WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. payrolls grew by just 96,000  workers in September, the government said on Friday in a  surprisingly weak report that will sharpen criticism of  President Bush in a looming debate and may hasten a pause in  U.S. interest-rate rises.	0
0	AdWatch: New Bush Ad (AP)  AP - Details of a new television ad from President Bush to begin airing Tuesday:	0
0	Palestinian Authority faces financial crisis  RAMALLAH, West Bank -- Senior Palestinian officials struggled yesterday to stabilize the financial operations of the Palestinian Authority, as Yasser Arafat lingered at what an envoy termed a  quot;critical juncture between life and death. quot;	2
1	Sharon takes Gaza plan to Knesset  JERUSALEM - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on Monday will present his plan to pull out of the Gaza Strip as the Israeli parliament begins what will likely be two days of heated debate on the issue.	4
1	Palestinians Set Jan. 9 For Vote  Palestinian officials scheduled presidential elections for Jan. 9, 2005, pushing forward with steps to a secure a new leader following the death of Yasser Arafat.	2
3	Bush, Kerry ready for final face-off Wednesday in Arizona  WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- President Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry are set to face off for their third and final debate Wednesday, when the candidates turn from foreign policy to domestic issues.	0 1
0	Kerry Talks Stem Cells in Radio Address (AP)  AP - Sen. John Kerry said he would reverse President Bush's restrictions on embryonic stem cell research as he remembered the late actor Christopher Reeve, a quadriplegic, as a hero and a friend in the Democrats' radio address Saturday.	0 1
0	Kerry: Bush Has Secret Troop Call-Up Plan  BOSTON - Democratic presidential challenger John Kerry said President Bush has a secret plan to call up more National Guard and Reserve troops immediately after the election, an allegation that the Bush campaign called "false and ridiculous."   Kerry issued the charge while campaigning Friday in Albuquerque, N.M., as he criticized the president of glossing over a worsening conflict in Iraq.   "He won't tell us what congressional leaders are now saying, that this administration is planning yet another substantial call-up of reservists and Guard units immediately after the election," Kerry said...	0 1
0	CIA Nominee Promises to Shed Partisanship  WASHINGTON - President Bush's nominee to head the CIA promised Tuesday to shed his political past and provide precise, objective and independent intelligence to the president and Congress. But after a 4 1/2-hour confirmation hearing, some Democrats on the Senate Intelligence Committee were not convinced...	0
0	Fatah secretary led Gaza attempt on Abbas  The group of armed men belonging to Fatah #39;s Al-Aqsa Martyrs #39; Brigades, who opened fire in the official mourning tent for Yasser Arafat in Gaza on Monday, is affiliated with Ahmed Hallas (Abu Mazher), Fatah secretary in Gaza.	2
0	Bush: Terrorists May Plan More Attacks  WASHINGTON - Denying he has painted too rosy a picture about Iraq, President Bush said Thursday he would consider sending more troops if asked, but Iraq's interim leader firmly said they weren't needed. With violence spreading, Defense Secretary Donald H...	0
1	Cause of death unclear, says Arafat nephew  Toxicology tests outlined in Yasser Arafat #39;s medical records did not find any known poisons, the late Palestinian leader #39;s nephew said today, adding that the records gave no clear cause of death.	2
1	Kerry Film Not Meant to Combat Attack Ads-Director (Reuters)  Reuters - Director George Butler says he hasn't seen the ads that attack U.S. presidential hopeful John Kerry's record in Vietnam, noting that his documentary "Going Upriver: The Long War of John Kerry," was well under way before the commercials were first aired.	1
1	Australian PM fails to apologize on wrong pre-war intelligence on <b>...</b>  Australian Prime Minister John Howard said Thursday he won #39;t automatically follow his British counterpart Tony Blair who has said he could apologize for faulty evidence on Iraqi weapons of mass destruction.	3
0	Blair's office like Nixon White House: ousted BBC chief (AFP)  AFP - Greg Dyke, the former BBC director general ousted over the broadcaster's coverage of the Iraq conflict, unleashed a scorching attack on the government of Prime Minister Tony Blair, blaming it for trying to bully the BBC into submission.	3
0	AP: Memo Says New Medicare Cards Confusing  WASHINGTON - A day before the first presidential debate, the government's health policy watchdog raised concerns that early mailings to seniors about the new Medicare prescription discount cards championed by President Bush were confusing or inadequate.   "We found that these beneficiaries received very little mail from drug card sponsors that would enable them to make an informed choice among cards," the Health and Human Services Department inspector general wrote in the Sept...	0
1	Initial tests find no signs that Yasser Arafat has leukemia  CLAMART, France Doctors in France are awaiting test results to try to determine exactly what is ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Bush Raps Kerry, Slips in Newsweek Poll  COLUMBUS, Ohio - President Bush on Saturday ridiculed what he called the "Kerry doctrine" as a dangerous outsourcing of America's security, seeking to poke a hole in Sen. John Kerry's debate performance with what advisers see as his rival's biggest miscue...	0 1
0	Kerry Ads Underscore His Vietnam Service  WASHINGTON - The Democratic Party launched a costly round of ads Friday to buttress John Kerry's credentials to be commander in chief as the White House accused the Massachusetts senator of "losing his cool" over attacks on his war record.   "John Kerry is a fighter and he doesn't tolerate lies from others," spokeswoman Stephanie Cutter shot back at President Bush's spokesman...	0 1
0	Arafat Says Palestinians Made 'Mistakes' (AP)  AP - In a rare admission, Yasser Arafat suggested Wednesday that the Palestinian leadership has made "mistakes" and promised to correct them.	2
3	Wall Street Looks to Voters  NEW YORK, Sept. 2 -- The stock market went whisper quiet this week as Republicans convened in Madison Square Garden to renominate George W. Bush for president.	0
1	Stem cell research: The banks are open, the stocks are down  Bush won. Thats the bad news for stem cell researchers. The good news: California #39;s Prop. 71 passed. The science is already seeing the election #39;s fallout.	0
3	Bush Enacts Fourth Tax Cut  President Bush signed into law a fourth tax cut in less than four years, extending tax relief for married couples, parents and businesses during a well-timed ceremony in this battleground state.	0
0	Father of a cause, revered and reviled  RAMALLAH, West Bank -- Yasser Arafat, the father of the Palestinian national movement who died today at the age of 75 in France, was one of the most durable figures on the international scene.	2
1	People here hope for peace, unity in Middle East  (November 12, 2004) - In the hours since Yasser Arafat #39;s death, it seems one question has been on the world #39;s mind: What will it mean?	2
0	Questions Raised About Bush Guard Service  WASHINGTON - New documents unearthed in the midst of the presidential campaign fill in some blanks but raise other questions about the sometimes mysterious and spotty story of President Bush's military service during Vietnam when he won a coveted spot in the Texas Air National Guard and avoided the war.    Reviving issues that have shadowed his political career, the documents show Bush ignored a direct order from a superior officer and lost his status as a Texas Air National Guard pilot more than three decades ago because he failed to meet military performance standards and undergo a required physical examination...	0
0	Bush, Kerry Spar Over Leadership in Iowa (AP)  AP - President Bush and challenger John Kerry accused each other of misjudging the stakes and lacking the leadership to deal with Iraq and terrorism as they campaigned 60 miles apart Wednesday in Iowa, a state Bush narrowly lost four years ago.	0 1
0	Judge Charles Pickering to Retire (AP)  AP - Federal judge Charles Pickering, appointed by President Bush less than a year ago without Congressional approval, said Wednesday he will step down from the bench.	0
1	Kerry: Bush misleads on Iraq  Beaching his campaign on the very sands from which George W. Bush attacked his character two days earlier, Sen. John Kerry yesterday accused the president of not telling Americans 	0 1
0	Sharon Vows Parliament Vote on Gaza Plan on Oct. 25  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon vowed on Monday to put his Gaza withdrawal plan to a parliamentary vote on Oct. 25, despite persistent violence in the coastal strip 	4
0	Qureia condemns Tel Aviv attack  Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia denounced Monday #39;s suicide attack in Tel Aviv, dismissing fears it might endanger Yasser Arafat #39;s return to Ramallah.	2
0	A night of back-and-forth jabs, stereotyping, quips (USATODAY.com)  USATODAY.com - In their final debate Wednesday night, President Bush and Sen. John Kerry didn't only thrust and parry for 90 minutes. They also displayed their strategy for the next 19 days.	0 1
0	Arafat receives parting shots after death  Former President Bill Clinton suggested in print that Yasser Arafat  quot;..simply couldn #39;t make the final jump from revolutionary to statesman...it would be different if the end of violence took Palestine out of the headlines and instead he had to worry about 	2
0	Turmoil in Gaza as gunmen open fire on leaders  Unity that had developed in the Palestinian territories following the death of President Yasser Arafat was shattered when gunmen opened fire on Palestinian leaders Sunday.	2
0	Turn Back to Iraq  WHILE PRESIDENT Bush was expansively describing his domestic agenda for the next four years on Thursday, US and Iraqi troops were massing outside Fallujah, and artillery and airstrikes were laying the groundwork for what may be a bloody and fateful battle 	0
0	Israel #39;s Sharon Agrees to Changes to W. Bank Barrier  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon agreed to changes in the route of Israel #39;s West Bank barrier on Monday but insisted on keeping key Jewish settlement blocks inside, political sources said.	4
0	Bush ups ante on Iran, N Korea  SANTIAGO, NOVEMBER 21: US President George W. Bush increased the administrations pressure on Iran on Saturday, saying that there were indications that the country was speeding forward in the production of a key ingredient for nuclear weapons fuel, a 	0
1	Bush, Kerry trade sharp jabs over the war in Iraq  LAS VEGAS -- In their most heated confrontation yet over Iraq, Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry and President George W. Bush exchanged bitter charges Thursday, with Kerry saying Bush is living in a  quot;fantasy world quot; as Iraq crumbles, and the 	0 1
0	US, Japan Apart on Need for Beef Study-Koizumi (Reuters)  Reuters - Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi said on Wednesday that he and U.S. President George W. Bush "see eye to eye" on the need for a quick resumption of their bilateral beef trade, but Japan wants more mad cow safety studies.	0
0	Fatah Council Endorses Mahmoud Abbas  Fatah, the dominant Palestinian political faction, approved the former prime minister Thursday as its candidate to succeed Yasser Arafat in a presidential election set for Jan. 9.	2
0	Bush, Kerry to square off in last debate (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry go head-to-head for the final time in their knife-edge election battle, with their final televised debate.	0 1
1	Brown says strong economy the bedrock of government #39;s re-election <b>...</b>  Britain #39;s Treasury chief on Monday urged Labour Party members to support Prime Minister Tony Blair and not allow the Iraq war to derail their annual convention.	3
0	Democrats Claim Bush's Bounce Will Fade  WASHINGTON - Democrats on Sunday said President Bush's post-convention bounce was triggered by "four days of mean, vicious attacks" on John Kerry, and would be short-lived.    They vowed a nonstop, two-month offensive to make up for any lost ground as Kerry made personnel changes at the top of his campaign for the final sprint to Election Day...	0 1
1	Bush woos Florida, Kerry says president using fear tactics  FORT MYERS, Florida, United States of America -- George W. Bush courted votes Saturday in Florida, the crucial swing state that delivered him the White House in 2000, as his opponent, Senator John Kerry, accused the president of using scare tactics to win 	0 1
0	Bush Surveys Hurricane Damage in Florida (AP)  AP - President Bush on Sunday got a firsthand look at Hurricane Ivan's devastation during his third trip to Florida to assess the damage from this summer's fierce storms in the South.	0
1	Blair gives qualified Iraq apology to woo party  BRIGHTON, England - Tony Blair offered his Labour party on Tuesday a partial apology for waging war in Iraq -- a desperate attempt to pull supporters back behind him ahead of an election next year.	3
1	Blair enters hospital for  quot;routine quot; heart operation  LONDON : British Prime Minister Tony Blair was admitted to hospital for minor surgery to treat an irregular heartbeat, London police said.	3
0	US report predicts gloom in Iraq  A new US intelligence report gives a more gloomy view of Iraq's future than Bush administration statements.	0
1	Blair Confirms Reshuffle This Week  Tony Blair will carry out a reshuffle of his ministerial team by the end of the week, he confirmed today. The Prime Minister was speaking less than a day after the surprise resignation 	3
1	In Guard Speech, Bush Says He Is Proud of His Service  Speaking to National Guard members and veterans at a politically charged moment, President Bush acknowledged on Tuesday the hardships that the war in Iraq had caused 	0
0	Congress Sends Bush Tax Cut Bill, Victory  WASHINGTON - Legislation extending three popular middle-class tax cuts for the rest of the decade sailed through Congress by lopsided votes in both the House and Senate, giving President Bush a major legislative victory on his signature economic issue, tax relief.    Many Democrats complained during debate Thursday that the majority Republicans who control Congress should have offset the lost revenue to keep the nation's soaring deficits from getting worse...	0
1	Democrats Vow to Hold Bush Accountable  Congressional Democrats returned to Washington in a defiant mood yesterday, making no apologies for the campaign in which they lost congressional seats and the presidential 	0
0	CIA Nominee Promises to Shed Partisanship  WASHINGTON - President Bush's nominee to head the CIA promised Tuesday to shed his political past and provide precise, objective and independent intelligence to the president and Congress. But he also cautioned it may take longer than the past CIA director's estimate to hire and train all the operatives needed worldwide to combat terrorism and other threats...	0
1	Bush declares Florida major disaster area  US President George W. Bush on Saturday declared Florida a major disaster area as massive Hurricane Frances slowly bore down the southern US state.	0
0	US and Europe must 'rally together' for Middle East peace: Chirac (AFP)  AFP - French President Jacques Chirac called for the United States and Europe to  quot;rally together quot; to revive the Middle East peace process, declaring the matter urgent following the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat.	2
1	 #39;Good hearts #39;  More than three years after terrorists attacked the United States, US President George W. Bush offered heartfelt thanks to Canadians who helped stranded American air travellers in the aftermath of the 9/11 terrorist attacks.	0
1	Bush and Kerry step up attacks  US President George W Bush and his Democratic challenger Senator John Kerry have stepped up their attacks on each other over the missing explosives in Iraq.	0 1
1	A lesson learned  CBS News apologized this week for airing a critical report concerning President Bush #39;s National Guard service, saying it could not authenticate the documents that formed the basis for the story.	0
0	Mideast Quartet Backs Bush on Settlement Freeze (Reuters)  Reuters - The quartet of Middle East advisers, backing up a plea from President Bush, called on Israel on Wednesday to impose a freeze on Jewish settlements in the West Bank and Gaza.	0
1	Sharon Rejects Call for Referendum on Gaza Withdrawal Plan  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has rejected a call from a key political rival from his own Likud Party for a national referendum on his plan to withdraw all Jewish settlers from the Gaza Strip.	4
0	Conflicting rumors, conflicted emotions  As Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat lay in a Paris hospital Friday, rumors about his condition were nearly as thick as the rich Arab coffee that has fueled many a debate about his life and legacy.	2
1	Probe may help CBS save face over docs: Flap threatens credibility  Preventing a disputed 60 Minutes #39; #39; story on President Bush #39;s military record from sinking CBS News #39;reputationmay come down to how willing the news division is to open itself up to scrutiny.	0
0	Bush and Kerry Offer Competing Visions of the Future  The president was in New Hampshire, the only state in the Northeast that he carried in 2000, while his Democratic challenger was in Florida.	0
1	Bush, Kerry stump showdown states  President Bush and Sen. John Kerry woke up in battleground Florida on Tuesday. Bush will spend the day campaigning there, while Kerry focuses on the equally crucial showdown states of Ohio and Pennsylvania.	0 1
3	Special interests in tax bill  Like a captivating novel, the 650-page tax act headed toward President Bush #39;s desk will make you want to laugh, cry and scream.	0
1	Groups line up to oppose Bush Social Security plan  As President George W. Bush begins a big campaign to restructure Social Security, Democrats and a host of interest groups are mobilizing to fight his private account 	0
0	Qurie seeks Arafat death report  RAMALLAH: Palestinian prime minster Ahmed Qurie has asked France to provide him with a medical report detailing the cause of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s death, his office said last night.	2
1	Palestinians set date for elections  Palestinian officials scheduled presidential elections for Jan. 9, pushing forward Sunday with steps to a secure a new leader after the death of Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Sharon: Peace Depends on Palestinians  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip Dec 13, 2004 - The new Palestinian leadership is not doing enough to restrain militants, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Monday, after attackers blew up an Israeli army outpost in Gaza and killed five soldiers.	4
0	Bush Leads in One Poll, Tied in Another  WASHINGTON - President Bush has a double-digit lead in one new national poll, but he's tied with Democrat John Kerry in another.    Both campaigns say their own polling has the race close, with Bush's people seeing a slight lead for the president...	0
0	Netanyahu lifts threat to resign  Israeli Finance Minister Binyamin Netanyahu has lifted his threat to resign over plans to withdraw Jewish settlers from Gaza. Mr Netanyahu has been a fierce critic of the plan championed by Likud party rival Prime Minister Ariel Sharon.	4
3	Bush to Replace Treasury's Snow -NY Times   NEW YORK (Reuters) - President Bush plans to replace John  Snow as U.S. Treasury Secretary and possible successors include  Andrew Card, currently the White House chief of staff, the New  York Times reported Monday.	0
1	Kerry accuses Bush of terrorizing voters  PUEBLO, COLO. -- Democrat John Kerry sought to undercut US President George W. Bush on national security yesterday, saying he is trying to scare voters with talk of terrorism.	0 1
1	US seeks Israeli cooperation in Palestinian election  The United States on Sunday began a new round of Mideast diplomacy after the death of Yasser Arafat, asking Israel to help with the upcoming Palestinian election for his successor.	2
3	Bush Signs US $136 Billion Corporate Tax Cut Bill  Supporters cheered the tax cut bill for the help it gives to manufacturers, but opponents said that the bill would reward multinational companies for sending jobs overseas.	0
1	Bush Presses Congress on Anti-Terror Bill  Sen. Pat Roberts of Kansas, chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, is seen in the CBS Green Room prior to being interviewed on CBS #39;s  quot;Face the Nation quot; in Washington Sunday, Dec. 5, 2004.	0
1	US September job growth weaker than expected  The Labor Department report, showing the unemployment rate in September held steady at 5.4 percent, will provide fodder for the second debate between President George W. Bush and Democratic Presidential contender Sen.	0
1	Bush to visit NATO next February  US President George W. Bush is expected to visit the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) and the European Union on Feb. 22 next year in a bid to improve transatlantic 	0
0	Arafat Worsens as Tension Grows Between Wife and Political Heirs  Yasir Arafat's wife, Suha, has used French privacy laws to keep the state of her husband's health a mystery to the world.	2
1	CBS Says It Can #39;t Prove Veracity of Bush Documents (Update2)  CBS News anchor Dan Rather said the television network can #39;t prove the veracity of documents it used for a report that US President George W. Bush received preferential treatment while serving in the National Guard.	0
0	Blair: Iraq Report Shows Sanction Problems (AP)  AP - British Prime Minister Tony Blair said Wednesday that a U.S. arms inspector's report on Iraq shows that Saddam Hussein was "doing his best" to get around United Nations' sanctions.	3
0	Cleric flying to Arafat's bedside  A senior Islamic cleric is on his way to see Yasser Arafat, who is in a coma and has suffered a brain haemorrhage.	2
0	Questions for Palestinian leaders  THE DAY after Yasser Arafat #39;s death, headlines declared a  quot;New Middle East quot; and commentators described his passing as  quot;a window to peace quot; and  quot;a great opportunity.	2
1	Taking a Closer Look at Bush #39;s Attacks on Kerry #39;s Health Care Plan  In Downingtown, Pa., yesterday, Mr. Bush said the Kerry plan  quot;involves bigger and more intrusive government. quot; He said it would  quot;expand the government #39;s health care rolls by nearly 22 	1
1	Bush Signs Intelligence Overhaul Legislation  President Bush on Friday signed legislation setting up the biggest overhaul of US intelligence agencies in a half century and creating a new director of national intelligence demanded after the Sept.	0
1	Blair admits he erred in days before Iraq war  Brighton, England -- Prime Minister Tony Blair faced his critics at his Labor Party #39;s annual conference Tuesday and said he had erred in accepting faulty intelligence that Saddam Hussein #39;s regime possessed chemical and biological weapons.	3
0	Blair Says He #39;s Ready To Talk to Kidnappers  BRIGHTON, England - British Prime Minister Tony Blair said Wednesday he was ready to open up contact with captors of a British hostage in Iraq, shown on video begging Blair to save his life.	3
3	White House Sees 2005 Economic Growth Slowing to 3.5 (Update2)  US economic growth will slow to 3.5 percent in 2005 from 3.9 percent this year, generating average monthly gains in payrolls of about 175,000 jobs, according to President George W. Bush #39;s administration.	0
0	Kids Pick Kerry to Be the Next President (AP)  AP - Kid power! Democrat John Kerry is the winner, and the rest of the country should pay attention because the vote on Nickelodeon's Web site has correctly chosen the president of the United States in the past four elections.	1
0	Blair Hopeful of Iran, N. Korean Compliance (Reuters)  Reuters - British Prime Minister Tony Blair said on Wednesday the international community was closer than ever to making North Korea and Iran accept its demands to halt nuclear programs.	3
0	US jets target terrorist leaders in Fallujah, doctors say <b>...</b>  British hostage Kenneth Bigley, who pleaded tearfully last month for Prime Minister Tony Blair to meet his kidnappers #39; demands, was beheaded by his captors, a witness who saw the videotaped killing said Friday.	3
0	Abbas Vows No Retreat from Arafat Refugee Demand (Reuters)  Reuters - Palestinian presidential favorite Mahmoud Abbas vowed on Tuesday never to give up the late Yasser Arafat's bedrock demand that Israel recognize a "right of return" of Palestinian refugees.	2
0	Four Palestinians Killed in Violence After Arafat Dies   GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli soldiers killed four Palestinians  in violent confrontations that erupted following the death of  Palestinian President Yasser Arafat in a French hospital on  Thursday, Palestinians medics said.	2
1	Kerry blasts Bush on Iraq, rallies own troops at Hub ba $h  With Democrats increasingly worried about his chances, Sen. John F. Kerry related, bio rallied his troops yesterday by reassuring hometown supporters he feels the tide turning as the presidential 	0 1
0	Syria rejects US accusations of meddling in Iraqi affairs  Syria on Thursday rejected accusations by US President George W. Bush and some Iraqi officials of meddling in Iraqi affairs as  quot;groundless, quot; the official SANA news agency reported.	0
2	Redskins Loss - Bad News for Bush, Great for Kerry  The Washington Redskins lost their final home football game before the US presidential election on Sunday -- and that #39;s great news for Democratic Sen. John Kerry and bad news for President Bush.	0 1
1	Bush, Kerry make last-minute pitch for votes  Democratic presidential candidate Sen. John Kerry(L) holds up a Boston Red Sox shirt at a rally in Manchester, NH Sunday, Oct. 31, 2004.	1
1	Bush-Kerry Debate Draws 62.5 Million Viewers (Reuters)  Reuters - At least 62.5 million Americans tuned in to President Bush's debate with challenger John Kerry on Thursday, far surpassing the number who watched Bush's debates four years ago with Al Gore.	0 1
0	Democrat Edwards Courts Women Voters (AP)  AP - Democrat John Edwards said Thursday that President Bush has done too little to make the nation safer, reaching out to women voters who have said in surveys they believe Bush would do a better job than the Democrats of protecting the country.	0
0	AIDES SAY ARAFATS CONDITION IMPROVING  Yasser Arafat #39;s senior aides say medical tests carried out on the Palestinian president have ruled out any life-threatening condition.	2
0	Ex-Guardsman Contacted Kerry Campaign (AP)  AP - A retired Texas National Guard official mentioned as a possible source for disputed documents about President Bush's service in the Guard said he passed along information to a former senator working with John Kerry's campaign.	0 1
0	Finds  #39;show we were right to fight #39;  Tony Blair yesterday seized on the discovery of the mass grave in northern Iraq as justification for removing Saddam despite the absence of WMD.	3
0	Blair to Address Roots of Africa Problems (AP)  AP - British Prime Minister Tony Blair on Thursday warned that poverty and instability in Africa is providing a fertile breeding ground for terror and criminal organizations.	3
3	Investors worldwide welcome continuity  Wall Street and world markets celebrated President Bush #39;s re-election with a solid rally yesterday, surging higher as investors welcomed continuity in Washington, DC, and shrugged off higher oil prices.	0
0	Bush, Kerry Court Voters in New Mexico  President Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry were both campaigning in New Mexico Monday in tandem swings through the Southwest on their way to Wednesday night's final debate in Arizona. Bush shifted his harsh rhetoric to focus on Kerry's record on domestic issues, while Kerry promised to work for the middle class and energy independence...	0 1
0	Arafat #39;s condition checked  It will be at least Monday before French doctors know what #39;s ailing Yasser Arafat, a hospital spokesman said yesterday, hours after the Palestinian leader arrived in Paris for 	2
0	Sharon #39;s bold move in Gaza  Tuesday #39;s vote in the Israeli Knesset in favor of Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan for unilateral withdrawal of settlers and soldiers from Gaza was a historic moment in the history of Israel.	4
0	Blair Defends Iraq War Despite Bad Intel  BRIGHTON, England - Prime Minister Tony Blair, skirting a direct apology, acknowledged to his Labour Party Tuesday that intelligence used to justify the invasion of Iraq was wrong, but insisted the world was safer with Saddam Hussein in prison.    In a rousing address to the party's annual conference, interrupted twice by delegates booing and heckling, Blair defended the war and said Labour members - even the war's opponents - must believe he backed the U.S.-led campaign in Iraq to protect Britain...	3
0	Moment of decision hascome for N. Ireland peace: Blair  LEEDS CASTLE (England) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair said yesterday Northern Ireland had reached the moment of decision in which its leaders must show the will to end years of deadlock and secure a lasting peace.	3
1	Bush again accuses Iran of making nuclear material  SANTIAGO, Chile - President Bush increased the administration #39;s pressure on Iran on Saturday, accusing the country of speeding forward in the production of a key ingredient for nuclear weapons fuel, a move he said was  quot;a very serious matter quot; that 	0
0	Hopes rest on issue of leadership  PALESTINIAN leaders stepping into the power vacuum left by the death of Yasser Arafat face one of the most daunting challenges in their people #39;s troubled history.	2
0	Last chance to agree power deal, Blair tells Ulster parties  An impatient Tony Blair yesterday warned that Northern Ireland #39;s political parties had their last chance to reach a compromise as he began three days of intensive talks to revive the peace process and rescue the Good Friday agreement.	3
0	Bush to Tout U.S.-Backed Anti-Drug Efforts  President Bush aims to highlight American drug-fighting aid in Colombia and boost a conservative Latin American leader with a stop in the Andean nation where thousands of security forces are deployed to safeguard his brief stay.	0
0	Lawyer Advising Vets Quits Bush Campaign  WASHINGTON - One of President Bush's top lawyers resigned from his campaign Wednesday, a day after disclosing that he had given legal advice to a veterans group airing TV ads against Democrat John Kerry. The guidance included checking ad scripts, the group said...	0
3	Presidential election effect on stocks is stuff of legends  Throughout history, who moves in and who moves out of the White House has moved stocks on Wall Street. With the neck-and-neck presidential race between President Bush and John Kerry nearing the 	0 1
1	Live From Miami, a Style Showdown  The match-up between George W. Bush and John Kerry on Thursday will likely be decided by how they project themselves through gestures, postures, syntax and tone of voice.	0 1
1	Bush, Kerry to focus on jobs  WASHINGTON - Tonights third and final presidential debate will focus on what Michiganians have listed all year as a top concern -heir livelihoods.	1
1	Bush sets sights on undecided voters  US President George W. Bush heads into the Republican National Convention next week with one overriding objective: to win over uncommitted voters who believe the country is on the wrong track under his leadership.	0
0	Christopher Reeve's Widow Joins Kerry (AP)  AP - Christopher Reeve's widow, Dana, plans to join Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry for a campaign speech about the importance of science, research and innovation.	1
1	Bigley appears on new tape  Baghdad - British hostage Ken Bigley has renewed his plea to Prime Minister Tony Blair to meet his kidnappers #39; demands. The plea was made in a video clip broadcast on Al-Jazeera TV on Wednesday.	3
0	US to Question China About Bush Comment  WASHINGTON Nov 1, 2004 - The State Department will ask the Chinese government about a former senior Chinese official who was quoted as accusing President Bush of trying to  quot;rule over the whole world.	0
0	Arafat's Wife Accuses Deputies of Wanting Him Dead   PARIS (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat's wife accused Palestinian  leaders hoping to travel to France Monday to visit her  critically ill husband of plotting to "bury him alive."	2
1	Thompson resigns as HHS chief; Rumsfeld stays  On his way out of President Bush #39;s Cabinet, Tommy Thompson is warning of new weaknesses in the war on terror. The outgoing Health and Human Services secretary says it would be easy for terrorists to attack 	0
1	Nephew leaves Gaza for France to receive Arafat #39;s death report  Nasser al-Qedwa, Palestinian delegate to the United Nations and a nephew of late leader Yasser Arafat,left here for France on Friday to receive Arafat #39;s death report,the Arabic-language Radio Sawa reported.	2
1	Bush #39;s strength is GOP #39;s theme  NEW YORK - Nearly three years after the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, Republicans hold their national convention here this week aiming to show President Bush as a war president with determination and 	0
0	British MPs aiming to impeach Blair over Iraq war (AFP)  AFP - Eleven members of the British parliament are planning to table a motion in the House of Commons calling for the impeachment of Prime Minister Tony Blair over the way he took the nation into the Iraq war, it was reported.	3
1	Hare's Play About Iraq Divides Critics (AP)  AP - Offstage as well as on, David Hare's "Stuff Happens" blurs the line between heady drama and headline news. The play, which opens Friday at the National Theatre, features actors playing George W. Bush, Tony Blair and other U.S. and British officials as they pressed for the invasion of Iraq.	0 3
0	Bush Goal: Palestinian State by 2009  With British Prime Minister Tony Blair at his side, the president pledged to put U.S. resources and the prestige of his presidency behind the quest.	0 3
0	Bush, Kerry unyielding on Iraq (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush accused Senator John Kerry of being dangerously fickle on Iraq, as the Democrat countered in their second debate that Bush had become a  quot;weapon of mass deception quot; on the war.	0 1
1	OUR OPINION: Stolen honor, stolen choices  Unless a coalition of United States senators get their way, a 42-minute film about John Kerry #39;s effect on American POWs during and after the Vietnam War is going to be aired by 62 television stations across the country sometime before Nov. 2.	1
1	Bush Says Changes Inevitable in Cabinet  President Bush said on Thursday that changes are inevitable in his Cabinet in a second term, and Republicans said there would be new faces but perhaps not right away in some of the top jobs.	0
1	Bush Dismisses Idea That Kerry Lied on Vietnam  President Bush said on Thursday that he did not believe Senator John Kerry lied about his war record, but he declined to condemn the television 	0 1
0	Iran declares it has suspended uranium enrichment  VIENNA -- Iran said yesterday that it has frozen all uranium enrichment programs, an assertion welcomed by Europe even as it weakened a US push to refer Tehran's suspect nuclear activities to the UN Security Council. President Bush said he hoped the statement is true, but ''there must be verification. quot;	0
0	Britain Wants Contact with Iraq Hostage-Takers   BRIGHTON, England (Reuters) - Britain's Tony Blair appealed  Thursday to kidnappers holding a hostage in Iraq to make  contact -- but ruled out doing deals as domestic divisions over  the war continued to dog the prime minister.	3
0	US Sees Chance of Peace Hinging on Arafat Successor (Reuters)  Reuters - U.S. officials hope Yasser Arafat's death on Thursday will offer a new chance for Middle East peace but said it depends on who replaces him, how much power they wield and whether they have the legitimacy to strike a deal.	2
0	Bush Awards Medal of Freedom to Three (AP)  AP - President Bush awarded the nation's highest civilian honor Tuesday to three men central to his Iraq policy, saying they had played "pivotal roles in great events."	0
0	Bush, Kerry back on campaign stump after final debate (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush and Democratic rival John Kerry trained their sights on the battleground state of Nevada after clashing on Iraq, terrorism, health and the economy in their third and final head-to-head debate.	0 1
0	Kerry: Bush 'Chose' Iraq War, Americans Pay Bill (Reuters)  Reuters - Democratic White House challenger John Kerry sharply rebuked President Bush on Tuesday for choosing to go to war in Iraq and sticking Americans with the  #36;200 billion bill.	0 1
1	Bush asks Rumsfeld to stay  Senior official says defense chief, who has drawn a number of detractors, will be back. WASHINGTON -- President Bush picked former Police Commissioner Bernard Kerik, the steady former military man who helped New York get back on its feet after the Sept.	0
0	Yucca Foe's Aide to Decide on Its License (AP)  AP - In a deal to let 175 of President Bush's nominees take office, an adviser to new Democratic leader Harry Reid, the Senate's staunchest opponent of a nuclear waste dump in Nevada, will be named to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission.	0
1	Live From Miami, a Style Showdown  The match-up between George W. Bush and John Kerry on Thursday will likely be decided by how they project themselves through gestures, postures, syntax and tone of voice.	0 1
0	Ahern and Blair to meet leaders  Taoiseach Bertie Ahern and British Prime Minister Tony Blair will meet Sinn Fin and DUP leaders separately today as the all-out effort to secure a comprehensive peace process deal intensifies.	3
0	Hamas calls halt to suicide bombings  Hamas is to halt attacks on Israelis in the run-up to elections for a successor to the late Yasser Arafat, a senior leader of the militant group said yesterday.	2
1	US polls spotlight states of confusion  A PERSON could go mad trying to follow US election polling. One day George W.Bush is slumping, the next he #39;s up. One day John Kerry has momentum, the next he #39;s dead meat.	1
0	Blair says no decision yet on redeploying troops in Iraq  LONDON - British Prime Minister Tony Blair has come under fire over the way his government is handling a US request to redeploy 650 British troops in Iraq.	3
1	Kerry Calls for Rumsfeld to Quit  Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry called today for Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld to resign and urged President George Bush to appoint an independent group to recommend reforms after a report faulted all levels of the military for abuse at 	1
0	House Defeats Gay Marriage Ban Amendment  WASHINGTON - The House emphatically rejected a constitutional amendment banning gay marriage Thursday, the latest in a string of conservative pet causes advanced by Republican leaders in the run-up to Election Day.    The vote was 227-186, 49 votes shy of the two-thirds needed for approval of an amendment that President Bush backed but the Senate had previously scuttled...	0
0	Blair set to sign EU constitution  Tony Blair is joining fellow European leaders in Rome to sign the EU's controversial new constitution.	3
1	Edwards renews attack on Bush over Iraq  MIAMI, Oct 10 (AFP) - Senator John Edwards, the Democratic vice presidential nominee, kept up the attack on President George W. Bush in a string of television interviews Sunday, as surrogates for both candidates clashed over Iraq in the wake of the second 	0
0	Effort to Extend Tax Cuts Gains Ground (AP)  AP - Republican leaders, eager to deliver a pre-election victory to President Bush, moved closer to agreement Monday night on legislation needed to extend three popular middle-class tax cuts that are set to expire this year.	0
0	Carpe diem  Don #39;t expect too many tears on the streets of the West Bank and Gaza when Yasser Arafat dies. If the two weeks during which Arafat succumbed to his illness proved anything, it is that for most 	2
1	Blair says he feels  quot;sick quot; about hostage in Iraq  British Prime Minister Tony Blair said he #39;s doing what he can to help a hostage being held in Iraq. Militants released another videotape of Kenneth Bigley today, in which he #39;s shown sobbing in a makeshift cage.	3
0	Arafat #39;s death could end peace process  A confidante of the ailing Palestinian leader has warned Israel that Yasser Arafat #39;s death could bring an end to the peace process.	2
1	Cheney savages challenger Kerry  NEW YORKVice-President Dick Cheney led an evening of withering assaults on Democratic challenger John Kerry here last night, prompting thousands of Republicans to sway back and forth, mocking their opponent with chants of  quot;flip flop.	1
0	Mideast peace process to top agenda of Blair #39;s US trip  Middle East would top the agenda of British Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s upcoming trip to the United States as Blair is trying to revive the peace process in the region, Downing Street said on Monday.	3
0	Sharon vows to push ahead with Gaza withdrawal plan  TEL AVIV  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said yesterday that he would press ahead with his Gaza disengagement plan despite a vote by his Likud party a day earlier blocking efforts to broaden the governing coalition. 	4
0	US to Question China About Bush Comment  WASHINGTON - The State Department will ask the Chinese government about comments by a former senior Chinese official who accused President Bush of trying to  quot;rule over the whole world.	0
1	Britain seen moving Iraq troops further into harm #39;s way  LONDON (AFP) - Britain was due to announce Monday that it had received a US request to redeploy some of its troops in Iraq into restive, US-held areas, a move critics warned could be seen as a pre-election ploy to assist President George W. Bush.	0
0	Kennedy demands apology over Iraq  Lib Dem leader Charles Kennedy launches an attack on Tony Blair, as his party's conference gets underway in Bournemouth.	3
0	Arafat #39;s condition improving but further tests needed, say <b>...</b>  An ailing Yasser Arafat entered a fourth day of emergency treatment Monday at a French military hospital specializing in blood disorders, but the cause of his precipitous decline in health remained unexplained.	2
1	Chance seen to pursue peace  He stood only 5 feet 2 inches but Yasser Arafat cast a long shadow on the world stage, and many leaders, diplomats, and analysts saw in his passing 	2
1	Bush Enhances CIA Role as Interim Reform  President Bush, embroiled in a fierce campaign battle over national security, on Friday expanded the power of the CIA director to include some of the broad authority that the Sept.	0
0	Jobs Report, Iraq War Frame Second Debate  ST. LOUIS - President Bush and Sen...	0
0	Bush Hits Kerry on U.S. Needing 'Global Test' (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush said on Saturday Democrat John Kerry's debate remark that U.S. preemptive military action should be subject to a "global test" would give other nations a veto over American national security decisions.	0 1
1	Angry Ohioans tell Kerry to end job outsourcing  Democrats in this pivotal battleground state told John Kerry yesterday to end the outsourcing of jobs to foreign countries that has been made possible under international free trade laws.	1
0	Veteran Backs Kerry on Silver Star Account  CHICAGO - A Chicago Tribune editor who was on the Vietnam mission for which John Kerry received the Silver Star is backing up Kerry's account of the incident.    William Rood, 61, said he decided to break his silence about the Feb...	1
0	Chinese Government Distances Itself from Qians Anti-Bush <b>...</b>  China #39;s government is playing down an editorial in an official newspaper that slammed President Bush #39;s foreign policy on the eve of US elections.	0
0	THE MYTH OF THE  #39;MISSING EXPLOSIVES #39;: A SHAMELESS LIE  SHOULD the United Na tions decide who be comes our president? Sen. John Kerry wouldn #39;t mind. He #39;s shamelessly promoting the lies that the UN #39;s International Atomic Energy Agency is telling about Iraq.	1
0	APEC Ministers Start Trade, Security Talks  Top government ministers from 21 Pacific Rim nations convened high-level talks on free trade and global security Wednesday as police battled university students protesting the summit and a weekend visit by President Bush.	0
0	Bush, Kerry Clash Over Latest Jobs Report  President Bush hailed a slight decline in unemployment Friday as reason for his re-election, evidence the "economy is strong and getting stronger." Not so, said Sen. John Kerry, countering that the administration's term will end with a net loss of jobs...	0 1
0	Sharon Allows 1,000 More Settler Homes in West Bank   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has  approved building tenders for 1,000 more Israeli settlement  homes in the occupied West Bank frozen earlier to avoid  upsetting the United States, political sources said on Tuesday.	4
1	Viacom's Moonves Upbeat Despite CBS News Fallout (Reuters)  Reuters - CBS News will face difficulty expanding its audience until questions are resolved about a now-retracted Sept. 8 report challenging President Bush's military service, Viacom Inc. Co-President Les Moonves told investors on Wednesday.	0
0	Kerry Urges Bush to Demand Attacks Stop  EAST HAMPTON, N.Y. - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry on Saturday night urged President Bush to "stand up and stop" what he called personal attacks on him over his combat record in Vietnam...	0 1
0	UK Conservatives Set Out Strategy Amid Poll Blues (Reuters)  Reuters - Britain's struggling Conservative Party began to showcase its strategy for unseating Tony Blair on Monday, just days after the prime minister shook up the political landscape by setting a date for his exit.	3
0	Abbas Vows Crackdown Before Post-Arafat Vote   GAZA (Reuters) - Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas on  Wednesday vowed a crackdown on armed groups operating in  Palestinian areas in order to smooth the way to a Jan. 9  election for a successor to Yasser Arafat.	2
1	Sharon snubs  quot;road map quot;  JERUSALEM Prime Minister Ariel Sharon says Israel has no intention of adhering to the US-backed  quot;road map quot; peace plan it endorsed last year.	4
0	Arafat Lost Consciousness 3 Times in 24 Hours, AFP Reports  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat lost consciousness three times over the past 24 hours, Agence France- Presse said, citing an unidentified source close to his delegation.	2
0	US, Canada pledge to cooperate  US President George W. Bush and Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin sought today to mend fences after four years of strained relations aggravated by the US-led war on Iraq.	0
3	G.O.P. Constituencies Split on Tax Change  President Bush faces key Republican groups that are divided about how or even whether to proceed with an overhaul of the tax code.	0
1	Gonzales to Replace Ashcroft  WASHINGTON - White House counsel Alberto Gonzales (search) has been chosen by President Bush to be the next attorney general, US officials confirmed to FOX News on Wednesday.	0
0	Israel Agrees to Free Jailed Palestinians  Israel agreed on Sunday to free up to 200 Palestinian prisoners to show goodwill after Egypt freed a convicted Israeli spy and ahead of elections for Yasser Arafat #39;s successor, officials said.	2
1	Palestinians kill Israeli-American in Gaza  Palestinian militants fired two mortars at a Jewish settlement in the Gaza Strip today, killing a 24-year-old Israeli-American woman and enflaming settlers anger at Prime Minister Ariel Sharon.	4
1	POLITICAL MEMO For Kerry, a Few Words That May Be Debatable  Senator John Kerry and President Bush devoted four and a half hours and nearly 45,000 words to three detailed and substantial debates.	0 1
1	Bush promotes aide to tighten grip on power  PRESIDENT BUSH named another close White House aide to a key Cabinet position yesterday, part of an aggressive post-election strategy of gaining tight personal control over his foreign and domestic agenda.	0
0	Blair to hold talks with Bush  Prime Minister Tony Blair is to hold talks with President Bush in Washington next week. Mr Blair will meet Mr Bush on Thursday and Friday.	0 3
3	Sinclair Chief Denies Political Agenda  The head of the nation's largest collection of television stations insists that he rarely watches the shows his stations air, including parts of the anti-John Kerry documentary that brought so much controversy to his doorstep over the past two weeks.	1
1	Bush Makes Surprising Homeland Security Appointment  US President George W. Bush is expected to appoint Bernard B. Kerik to replace Tom Ridge as Homeland Security Director. Kerik was New York City #39;s Police Chief during the September 11th attacks.	0
0	Race Under Way for Parties' Top Slots (AP)  AP - Jockeying for the top job at the Democratic Party is under way after Election Day losses, with former presidential hopeful Howard Dean indicating an interest in the post while other names are circulating. Republicans may reward a GOP operative who helped engineer President Bush's re-election.	0
1	Trust Iran, or Entrap It?  President Bush says it would be  quot;intolerable quot; to let Iran make a nuclear bomb, and he #39;s convinced Iran is doing just that.	0
1	Bush wins a nail biter  President Bush won a second term after Democrat John Kerry conceded Wednesday morning, ending a tense battle over the outcome of the election in Ohio and becoming the first two-term Republican since Ronald Reagan.	0 1
1	Blair back home early after heart procedure  Tony Blair was yesterday recovering from a relatively minor procedure to correct his recurring abnormal heart beat. He was back at home in Downing Street hours after undergoing the treatment having been expected 	3
1	9/11 families react with grief to suicide  Families of the Sept. 11, 2001, terror attacks responded with shock after a Georgia man killed himself at Ground Zero over President Bush #39;s re-election.	0
0	Blair vows agenda for future  BRIGHTON: British Prime Minister Tony Blair dismissed talk of resignation and vowed a strong agenda for the future as his ruling Labour Party #39;s annual convention opened yesterday.	3
1	Eminem on Election: Bush 'Not My Homie' (AP)  AP - Eminem plans to vote for the first time ever this year, and while he's highly critical of President Bush, he hasn't yet settled on Democrat John Kerry.	0 1
1	Blair #39;s leadership challenge  As Tony Blair sits down to a summit in Ethiopia today the stakes - or hype - could not be greater: the rescue of Africa. The British prime minister #39;s commission on Africa is meeting on the continent for the 	3
0	Sharon fights to repair coalition  ISRAELI Prime Minister Ariel Sharon was last night negotiating with the Labour Party and ultra-religious groups in a make-or-break bid to build a new coalition capable of ensuring a Gaza Strip pullout next year, after he dismissed the five ministers of 	4
0	Israel to Leave Palestinian Cities During Election (Reuters)  Reuters - Israel plans to pull troops out of Palestinian cities for a Jan. 9 presidential election to pick a successor to Yasser Arafat, Defense Minister Shaul Mofaz said on Monday.	2
0	Blair rejects tally of Iraq war dead  Tony Blair has rejected a call for an independent inquiry into the civilian death toll in the US-led war in Iraq. The call came on Wednesday in an open letter to the 	3
1	A nation that remains divided  A lthough the final results, as in the 2000 election, will be delayed, US President George W. Bush has won a second term in office.	0
1	Bush to Visit NATO, EU on Feb. 22 -- Diplomats  President Bush will visit NATO and the European Union on Feb. 22 in a move to rebuild transatlantic relations at the start of his second term, European NATO diplomats said on Thursday.	0
0	Rather Quitting as CBS Anchor in Abrupt Move  The move came two months after Dan Rather acknowledged flaws in a report on President Bush's National Guard service.	0
0	Navy Rejects Probe of Kerry's War Medals (Reuters)  Reuters - The U.S. Navy on Friday rejected a legal watchdog group's request to open an investigation into military awards given to Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry during the Vietnam War, saying his medals were properly approved.	1
3	Oil firms above  $50 as Bush nears win  Oil prices jumped above  $50 a barrel this morning, supported by US election tallies projecting a slim lead for President George W Bush.	0
1	Bush gives hell to UN  NEW YORK -- US President George W. Bush yesterday scolded the United Nations for failing to join his crackdown on  quot;murderers.	0
0	Arafat urges reforms to rectify his  #39;mistakes #39;  YASSER Arafat, the Palestinian president, made a rare acknowledgement of mistakes under his rule yesterday and urged reforms to end corruption. 	2
1	Kerry Calls for Investment in Technology  Democratic Presidential candidate Sen. John Kerry, D-Mass. hugs Dana Reeve, widow of the late actor and stem cell research advocate Christopher Reeve, after she introduced him to deliver a speech on science and technology in Columbus, Ohio Thursday, Oct.	1
1	Blow for Kerry as Nader wins Florida battle  Democratic hopes of winning the White House have suffered a blow after a court ruled that independent candidate Ralph Nader would appear on ballot papers in Florida.	1
0	A Final Volley Of Commercials   John F. Kerry released his closing television appeal yesterday, adding stem cell research to his short list of priorities, as President Bush launched one last attack ad against his Democratic challenger.	0
1	Blair outlines Sudan demands  Tony Blair today said the Sudanese government had agreed to a five-point action plan aimed at ending the conflict in Darfur, which has resulted in what the UN describes as the world #39;s worst humanitarian crisis.	3
1	Heading West: Bush, Kerry Look For Support  HOBBS, NM -- President George W. Bush and John Kerry are campaigning in the West ahead of their third and final debate on Wednesday.	0 1
1	President can #39;t control news from Iraq  George Bush #39;s real political enemy now isn #39;t so much John Kerry as it is the flow of the news. Not long ago, Kerry #39;s decision to attack the president as commander-in-chief (remember 	1
0	Further North meetings planned today  The DUP leader, Ian Paisley, will meet the British prime minister, Tony Blair, in London this morning. In Dublin at noon the Taoiseach will hold talks with Sinn Fin #39;s Gerry Adams and Martin McGuinness.	3
3	US Treasury #39;s Snow says health costs impede growth  US Treasury Secretary John Snow on Friday is expected to renew his call for Capitol Hill action on President George W. Bush #39;s health care ideas 	0
0	Key Israeli leader embraces 'road map'  JERUSALEM -- Israel's foreign minister embraced yesterday the US-backed ''road map quot; leading to a Palestinian state and conditionally warmed up to Syrian peace overtures, more signs of movement toward Mideast peace in the post-Yasser Arafat era.	2
0	Israeli cabinet approves payouts for Gaza settlers  JERUSALEM Israel #39;s security cabinet on Tuesday approved a compensation package that would pay roughly  $200,000 to  $300,000 to each Jewish family that agreed to leave the Gaza Strip under Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s withdrawal plan.	4
1	Bush, Kerry in dead heat as polls set to open  WASHINGTON - Following months of campaigning, Americans are set to cast their ballots to decide who will be the next president of the United States, a race polls suggest is too close to call.	1
1	Bush chooses Kerik to head Homeland Security  President Bush will nominate former New York City police commissioner Bernard Kerik to take over as secretary of the Department of Homeland Security, two administration officials said Thursday.	0
1	Electors cast ballots in the real presidential election  Colorado #39;s members of the Electoral College gathered around a conference table in Gov. Bill Owens #39; office today and cast their nine votes for President Bush.	0
1	Lost in the Green Zone  President George W. Bush and his advisers like to say that sovereignty has been returned to the Iraqis. But the heart of the Iraqi capital, where the symbols of power are most concentrated, belongs to America.	0
0	Israelis, Palestinians agree to election logistics  ISN SECURITY WATCH (09/12/04) - Israeli and Palestinian officials agreed yesterday on the logistical means of holding elections next month to replace late Palestinian Authority leader Yasser Arafat, who died last month.	2
0	Palestinians Set Jan. 9 For Vote  Palestinian officials scheduled presidential elections for Jan. 9, 2005, pushing forward with steps to a secure a new leader following the death of Yasser Arafat.	2
1	Imprisoned Leader Considering Run in Palestinian Election  Description: Following the death of Yasser Arafat, the most popular Palestinian political figure just might be Marwan Barghouti. Barghouti was convicted in an Israeli court of ordering attacks on civilians and now sits in an Israeli prison cell.	2
0	Bush Lawyer Quits Re-Election Campaign  WASHINGTON - An election lawyer for President Bush who also has been advising a veterans group running TV ads against Democrat John Kerry resigned Wednesday from Bush's campaign.   "I cannot begin to express my sadness that my legal representations have become a distraction from the critical issues at hand in this election," Benjamin Ginsberg wrote in a resignation letter to Bush released by the campaign...	0
1	Tax cuts, jobs top list for Debate 2  Four years ago, presidential candidate George W. Bush promised a record tax cut. He delivered income-tax cuts of  $270 billion a year - a statistic he loves to cite.	0
1	WGME to air film critical of Kerry  Portland TV station WGME plans to air a prime-time documentary that is critical of John Kerry #39;s public opposition to the war in Vietnam, a move that some viewers condemned as unfair, so close to the election.	1
0	Blair: Time for Excuses on Africa Is Over (Reuters)  Reuters - British Prime Minister Tony Blair is to say Thursday that the time for excuses on Africa is over as he chairs a meeting in Ethiopia he hopes will turn the continent's problems into a global priority.	3
1	Bush tells Pakistan leader he #39;ll push for a Palestinian state  Cultivating a crucial Muslim ally, President Bush on Saturday promised Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf that working toward a Palestinian state would be a priority during his second term.	0
0	Arab world abuzz with Arafat poisoning theory  CAIRO, Nov 15 (AFP) - The Arab world is abuzz with suspicions that Yasser Arafat was poisoned, a theory fuelled by the lack of an official report on the cause of death of the veteran Palestinian leader despite a host of denials.	2
1	Bush hits back over military service claims  President George Bush has for the first time questioned the authenticity of the disputed memos used by a US television network in a story that claimed he received special treatment 	0
3	High Hopes for a Ho Ho Ho Rally  The holidays are here, and investors are wondering: Will Santa put some jingle in their pockets this year? So far, so good. Since President George W. Bush #39;s Nov. 2 reelection, the stock market has roared, sending 	0
1	Sleep till noon, drink beer, vote Kerry:  Moore  <i>Fahrenheit 9/11</i> director Michael Moore, it seems, has no intention of backing off from his long-cherished campaign to dislodge President George W Bush from office.	1
0	Optimism in London, carnage in Iraq  The second Iraq war, between coalition forces and insurgents, is now under way in what has become the  quot;crucible quot; of the global war on terrorism, Tony Blair declared yesterday 	3
1	Former Anchor: CBS Report 'Embarassing' (AP)  AP - Former CBS anchorman Walter Cronkite called the network's report questioning President Bush's Vietnam-era National Guard service "embarrassing" but urged patience until an investigation is complete.	0
1	Kerry Says Bush Miscalculations in Iraq Cost  $200 Bln (Update3)  Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry said President George W. Bush miscalculated in Iraq, #39; #39; ignoring advice from the US military and making wrong choices #39; #39; that cost US taxpayers  $200 billion.	0 1
1	Israeli minister says good riddance to Arafat  Israeli Justice Minister Tommy Lapid on Tuesday welcomed the death of veteran Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, telling military radio that it was  quot;good that the world is rid of him quot;.	2
0	In Bush's Vision, a Mission to Spread Power of Liberty  Talking about "the transformational power of liberty" is President Bush's way of infusing the storyline of his presidency with a sense of a larger vision.	0
1	Eye on CBS: The living and the dead  It #39;s probably important to say this up front: This year #39;s presidential election shouldn #39;t be about George W. Bush #39;s four years in the Texas Air National Guard or John F. Kerry #39;s four months in Vietnam.	0
1	Kerry Stops in Texas Without Knowing It  ANTHONY, Texas - Democrat John Kerry briefly relaxed on rival President Bush's home turf Saturday but apparently wasn't even aware of it.  Kerry stopped by the Red Rooster Cafe, just a few yards over the state line into Texas. 	0 1
0	Shrugging Off Mutiny, Sharon Rejects Gaza Referendum   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli leader Ariel Sharon rejected  calls from within his mutinous cabinet Wednesday for a  referendum on leaving Gaza after winning parliament's support  to uproot settlements from land claimed by Palestinians.	4
0	Soldier, Militant Die in Resurgence of Gaza Fighting  An Israeli soldier and a Palestinian militant were killed in Gaza Tuesday in a resurgence of violence that could threaten efforts to instil calm for a Palestinian election for a successor to Yasser Arafat.	2
1	Springsteen, Bon Jovi Play Kerry Rallies (AP)  AP - Rocker Bruce Springsteen is joining Sen. John Kerry in the final days of his bid to become the nation's boss.	1
1	Kerry picks senior campaign aide  Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry, under pressure to bring new focus to his campaign, added a veteran political strategist to his travelling campaign entourage, rounding out changes to his senior staff.	1
0	Lawyer Advising Vets Quits Bush Campaign  WASHINGTON - One of President Bush's top lawyers resigned from his campaign Wednesday, a day after disclosing that he had given legal advice to a veterans group airing TV ads challenging Democrat John Kerry's Vietnam War service. The guidance included checking ad scripts, the group said...	0
1	Economic Models Predict Bush Election Win  Despite an embarrassing failure in their forecasting four years ago, political scientists and economists are again predicting the outcome of the presidential election, and most foresee a win for President Bush.	0
0	AdWatch: Kerry Attacks Bush's Tax Cuts (AP)  AP - Details of a new television ad from Democrat John Kerry to begin airing Wednesday:	1
0	Text of Danforth letter to Bush  Text of US Ambassador John Danforth #39;s resignation letter to President Bush, as released by the US mission to the United Nations.	0
0	Campaigning Bush cites "horror" of Russian crisis (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush told voters in the crucial state of Ohio that Russia's bloody hostage crisis was  quot;a grim reminder quot; of the stakes in his global war on terrorism.	0
0	Sharon #39;s Gaza plan hinges on vote  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has lost a key vote which would have seen the dovish Labour Party join the government coalition and salvage his Gaza disengagement plan. 	4
1	Kerry says he #39;s  #39;cured #39; after battle with prostate cancer  WASHINGTON Senator John Kerry says his doctors have told him he #39;s cured after a bout with prostate cancer almost two years ago.	1
0	Arafat Has Diagnostic Procedure, No Major Ailment Found   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat underwent a  minor diagnostic procedure on Monday and doctors found no major  ailment after a week of concerns over the Palestinian  president's health, officials said.	2
0	Edwards: Bush Hides Dismal Jobs Record (AP)  AP - Democratic vice presidential candidate John Edwards on Friday blamed President Bush for failing American workers and said the president was trying to hide a dismal record on job creation.	0
0	Containing self-righteous US behavior  At this point it appears that the US presidential election will remain a neck-and-neck race right down to the wire; however, it is interesting that both President George W Bush and Senator John Kerry share the same fundamental beliefs about America #39;s role 	1
3	Snow to Stay as U.S. Treasury Secretary   WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Bush on Wednesday asked  Treasury Secretary John Snow to stay in his job and Snow agreed  to do so, the White House said, ending weeks of speculation.	0
1	Bush will create a safer and more hopeful America  I, for one, am a proud supporter of President Bush. Why, you may ask? Isn #39;t this the man that led us into an unnecessary war in Iraq, killed the economy and job creation, shut down crucial stem cell research 	0
3	Defense stocks jump on outcome  The Boeing Co. and other defense stocks jumped higher Wednesday, buoyed by expectations that President Bush #39;s re-election would benefit the sector.	0
1	Bush warns Iran, Syria not to meddle in Iraq #39;s affairs  US President George W. Bush on Wednesday urged Iran and Syria not to meddle in internal affairs of Iraq.  quot;We will continue to make it clear, to both Syria and Iran that... meddling in the internal affairs 	0
1	Bush-Kerry Debate Draws 62.5 Million U.S. Viewers (Reuters)  Reuters - At least 62.5 million Americans tuned in to President Bush's debate with challenger Sen. John Kerry on Thursday, far surpassing the number who watched either political convention this summer or Bush's debates four years ago with Al Gore.	0 1
1	Rice Says US Couldn #39;t Underestimate Threat From Hussein  US President George W. Bush couldn #39;t afford to minimize the threat from Saddam Hussein when determining whether he was rebuilding Iraq #39;s nuclear weapons capability, National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice said.	0
0	Israel Hints Ousting Arafat Delayed by Gaza Pullout   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel renewed its threat on Monday  to remove Yasser Arafat but hinted it had delayed taking action  against the Palestinian president to avoid complicating a  planned withdrawal from the Gaza Strip.	2
1	Arafat: the face of the Palestinian dream  I have a tape recording of Arafat, sitting with me on a cold, dark mountainside outside the northern Lebanese port of Tripoli in 1983 where the old man - he was always called the old man, long 	2
1	Don #39;t feed the dragon of arms trade  The EU, after a three-year spat with US President George W. Bush, the EU is keen to be regarded as a world player to be reckoned with.	0
0	2004 Presidential Endorsements (AP)  AP - Newspaper endorsements in the 2004 presidential campaign between President Bush, a Republican, and Sen. John Kerry, a Democrat.	0 1
0	Blair offers a qualified apology over Iraq  BRIGHTON, England Prime Minister Tony Blair conceded Tuesday that there had been a decline of public trust in his government over the military campaign in Iraq, and he offered the assembled delegates of his governing Labour Party a qualified apology for 	3
0	Kerry Calls for Science, Tech Investment (AP)  AP - Sen. John Kerry on Thursday accused President Bush of slowing scientific advancement after earning a special endorsement from the widow of actor Christopher Reeve, a proponent of the embryonic stem cell research on which the president has placed limits.	0 1
0	Kerry Assails Deficit As Bush's Fault  GREENSBORO, N.C. - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry said Tuesday's projection of a record budget deficit this election year and the continuing movement of U.S...	0 1
0	Bush Lead Over Kerry Narrows in New Polls (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush's lead over Democratic challenger Sen. John Kerry has narrowed since their debate with four polls released on Monday showing the race tied or slightly favoring the incumbent.	0 1
1	To regain world support Musa Keilani  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is unruffled by the setback to his unilateral disengagement from the Palestinians as a result of his failure to cobble a new coalition government with the Labor Party.	4
0	Judge Orders U.S. to Find Bush Records (AP)  AP - A federal judge has ordered the Pentagon to find and make public by next week any unreleased files about President Bush's Vietnam-era Air National Guard service to resolve a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit filed by The Associated Press.	0
1	Kerry Hits Bush Over Lapse of Assault Weapons Ban  Democrat John Kerry rebuked President Bush on Monday for letting a ban on assault weapons expire and said his Republican rival paid for tax cuts by taking police off the streets and slashing anti-drug programs.	0 1
0	Bush, Kerry Tentatively OK Three Debates (AP)  AP - The campaigns of President Bush and Sen. John Kerry tentatively have agreed to a series of three debates that both sides hope will give them momentum in the closing weeks of the presidential election campaign, a person familiar with the debate negotiations said Sunday night.	0 1
2	Trojans trounce BYU  PROVO, Utah (Ticker) -- Brigham Young became the latest team to discover it has no answer for Reggie Bush. A sensational sophomore, Bush had 208 all-purpose yards and two touchdowns as top-ranked Southern 	0
0	Bush to Push Health Care Agenda in Minn. (AP)  AP - One of President Bush's favorite campaign lines slaps Democratic challenger John Kerry for choosing a running mate who made millions as a trial lawyer.	0 1
0	Personal and Political, Bush's Faith Blurs Lines  When it comes to understanding the president's religious convictions, there appears to be a disconnect between Mr. Bush's personal beliefs and his public policy.	0
1	The Discredited Logic of ABB  This past election found the American left split into two antagonistic groups: a majority camp which insisted Bush represented so unique and unprecedented a threat that all other considerations 	0
1	Blair denies he led Britain to war with false justification  Prime Minister Tony Blair on Wednesday denied leading Britain into war on a false prospectus, despite intelligence on the threat posed by Iraq being wrong.	3
1	Duped CBS Regrets Airing Disputed Bush Memos   NEW YORK (Reuters) - In an enormous blow to its  credibility, CBS News on Monday said it had been deliberately  misled over the authenticity of documents it aired in a story  challenging President Bush's military service.	0
1	Kerry should learn to keep to the script  All good actors know that when you #39;re on a roll and you #39;ve got the audience in the palm of your hand ... shut up and stick to the script.	1
0	Blair facing Iraq troops backlash  Prime Minister Tony Blair went into his weekly Commons showdown facing fresh unrest among Labour MPs over Iraq. Mr Blair was pressed over the request for soldiers to be sent into US-controlled hotspots at Prime Minister #39;s Questions.	3
2	Schilling to appear with Bush in NH  One of the heros of the World Series will be in the political spotlight Friday in New Hampshire. Boston Red Sox pitching ace Curt Schilling is appearing with President Bush Friday.	0
1	Kerry Coverage: Conservative Bias?  At first blush, the treatment given to Michael Dobbs #39; page-one swift-boat article in Sunday #39;s Washington Post seems at least vaguely reassuring.	1
0	Helicopters Land to Evacuate Arafat to France   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Helicopters landed in  Yasser Arafat's West Bank compound on Friday to fly out the  ailing Palestinian leader for medical treatment in France,  witnesses said.	2
3	Blair delays pensions move until after poll  Tony Blair promised yesterday to seek a national consensus on radical reform to tackle Britain #39;s pensions crisis but shelved the crucial decisions until after the general election.	3
1	CBS apologizes over Bush report  WASHINGTON - After two weeks of staunchly defending a report on President Bush #39;s National Guard service, CBS News and Dan Rather apologized Monday for relying on documents they now say cannot be verified.	0
0	Terror attacks in Iraq aimed at impeding Bush #39;s reelection: Putin  Russian President Vladimir Putin, who is in Tajik capital of Dushanbe on a visit, said Monday that the terrorist attacks in Iraq were aimed at preventing US President George W. Bush from being reelected.	0
1	Powell impressed with Palestinian leaders  MEXICO CITY - Secretary of State Colin Powell on Monday said he was impressed with the way Palestinian leaders are discussing their peoples future while Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is hospitalized in Paris.	2
1	Palestinians Believe Arafat Was Poisoned: Poll  NABLUS, 22 November 2004 - More than 80 percent of Palestinians believe that veteran leader Yasser Arafat died as a result of poisoning and not from natural causes, a poll published yesterday revealed.	2
1	George W. Bush  amp; John Kerry Debate Tonight At 9:00 pm  Will George W. Bush be able to answer any questions tonight before the red light comes on? I ask this based on how long it usually takes Bush to respond to any non scripted question.	0
0	Israel does not spy on US: Sharon  JERUSALEM : Prime Minister Ariel Sharon insisted that Israel was not spying on the United States in his first reaction to allegations that a Pentagon official leaked intelligence to a pro-Israel lobby.	4
0	Kerry Must Win the 'Persuadable' Vote  WASHINGTON - If Democrat John Kerry has a chance of winning the White House, he must win over many in the small but central slice of the electorate known as "persuadable" voters who harbor serious doubts about his leadership abilities.    They tend to like Kerry better on handling the economy and half say a fresh start would be worth the risk...	1
1	Global Security Newswire  WASHINGTON - US President George W. Bush signed into law today legislation that will enact some of the most far-reaching changes to the US intelligence community in decades (see GSN, Dec. 9).	0
0	Sharon and Abbas say they ready to meet  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has said in an interview that he is ready to meet Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas and try to coordinate a Gaza pullout with a new Palestinian government.	4
0	Debate Finished, Candidates Race Back to Campaign Trail  President Bush and Senator John Kerry hit the trail today after a debate that did not appear to give either an clear edge.	0 1
0	A Record Increase of 17 Percent Is Set for Premiums in Medicare  The announcement of the record increase came a day after President Bush heralded his efforts to help the elderly with medical expenses.	0
1	Year After Baghdad, Bush Visits Troops by Phone  President Bush made Thanksgiving Day calls from his Texas ranch to US troops abroad on Thursday, a year after he made a secret trip to spend the holiday with soldiers in Iraq.	0
1	Skeptical reaction meets Bush at UN  UNITED NATIONS, New York Despite an appearance before the General Assembly that was friendlier and more optimistic than any of his previous speeches to it, President George W. Bush still faces a skeptical crowd at the United Nations.	0
1	EU to lift trade sanctions against US amid lingering doubts  BRUSSELS : The EU commission acted to ease trade tensions with the United States, saying it would lift sanctions after US President George W. Bush approved a repeal of illegal corporate tax breaks.	0
0	Iraq explosives take centre stage at close of US election (AFP)  AFP - John Kerry, the Democratic challenger for the White House, has made a missing cache of explosives in Iraq the dominant theme of the closing skirmishes in the US election battle, calling it a symbol of President George W. Bush's failures.	0 1
0	Analysis: Bush Honeymoon May Not Last Long (AP)  AP - If President Bush gets a second-term honeymoon, it may not last long. Or it may already be over. A failure in the coming days to win congressional passage of the intelligence reorganization bill he supports  #151; fretting House Republicans are standing in the way  #151; would not bode well for political bliss when the new Congress convenes next month.	0
1	Bush urges  #39;strong steps #39; in drug war  President George Bush has urged Major League Baseball to take  quot;strong steps quot; to confront the use of steroids and other illegal performance-enhancing substances by players.	0
0	Kerry Links Iraq War, U.S. Economic Woes  WASHINGTON - Democrat John Kerry sought to link the Iraq war to U.S. economic woes on Wednesday, calling President Bush's move against Baghdad a "catastrophic choice" that so far has drained  $200 billion in needed resources at home...	0 1
1	Sharon hints at Arafat assassination  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on Wednesday hinted at a possible assassination of Palestinian Authority Chairman Yasser Arafat.	2 4
0	The opportunities and dangers of the post-Arafat era  Yasser Arafat #39;s increasingly imminent passing from the scene points to the end of a long and complex era that is best left for historians to assess.	2
0	Administration Officials Split Over Stalled Military Tribunals  A year after hundreds of prisoners arrived at Guantnamo Bay, Cuba, with no trials in sight, some high-level Bush administration officials began venting their frustration.	0
0	Bush nephew courts US voters in Mexico (AFP)  AFP - President George W. Bush's nephew arrived in Mexico City to try to persuade some 100,000 American registered voters living in Mexico to support his uncle in the November 2 US presidential election.	0
1	Bush: No apology, no retreat on Iraq  UNITED NATIONS - President Bush unapologetically defended his decision to invade Iraq and asked skeptical world leaders on Tuesday to do more to help secure and rebuild the country.	0
1	ABC News Arafat #39;s Body Arrives in Cairo for Funeral  Former Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s coffin is loaded onto an aircraft for it #39;s flight to Cairo after being carried by a French military honor guard, foreground, at Villacoublay airbase south-west of Paris, Thursday Nov. 11, 2004.	2
0	Bush Campaign Lawyer Aids Anti-Kerry Vets  WASHINGTON - One of President Bush's election lawyers also advises a group running ads against Democratic rival John Kerry. A Democratic Party attorney works for the group behind commercials that criticize Bush...	0 1
1	Daniels rolls in Indiana governor #39;s race  Mitch Daniels, the former White House budget director whom President Bush proclaimed  quot;My Man Mitch, quot; was elected governor Tuesday by soundly beating incumbent Joe Kernan.	0
0	Bush Visiting Canadian Prime Minister (AP)  AP - President Bush's trip North of the border will be akin to a polite dance where he'll try to avoid missteps that could create more anti-Americanism in Canada. For his part, Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin will want to avoid looking as if he's bending to U.S. will on trade and security issues.	0
0	Yasser Arafat's funeral to begin in Egypt (AFP)  AFP - Yasser Arafat's funeral will begin Friday inside a military compound on the outskirts of Cairo, in what will be a brief and solemn ceremony attended by scores of world leaders but closed to the public.	2
0	Bush Defends Iraq Invasion Despite Report  WASHINGTON - Faced with a harshly critical new report, President Bush conceded Thursday that Iraq did not have the stockpiles of banned weapons he had warned of before the invasion last year, but insisted that "we were right to take action" against Saddam Hussein.   "America is safer today with Saddam Hussein in prison," Bush said in a surprise statement to reporters as he prepared to fly to Wisconsin...	0
1	President Welcomes Intelligence Bill  Congress has passed -nd President Bush will sign  -istoric piece of legislation that will revamp the nation #39;s intelligence system.	0
0	Arab world #39;s reaction to Bush #39;s reelection  Leaders in the Arab world have congratulated incumbent US President George W. Bush on his re-election. Arab League chief Amr Moussa hopes Bush will actively push forward the 	0
0	Blair in Ethiopia to explore ways of solving roots of conflict and <b>...</b>  British Prime Minister Tony Blair moved from the crisis in Sudan to addressing the roots of conflict and poverty Africa 	3
0	Nephew to Collect Arafat's Medical Records (AP)  AP - Yasser Arafat's nephew arrived in Paris on Sunday to collect the Palestinian leader's medical records, which could explain the cause of his death.	2
0	Blair Seeks to Shift Focus Away From Iraq (AP)  AP - Prime Minister Tony Blair was hoping to use his party's annual conference to switch attention from Iraq to his campaign for a third term in office, but the unrelenting bloodshed in Iraq and the kidnapping of a British engineer are eclipsing the event.	3
0	Moves Cement  Hard-Line Stance on Foreign Policy  Secretary of State Colin L. Powell's departure -- and President Bush's intention to name Condoleezza Rice as Powell's replacement -- would mark the triumph of a hard-edged approach to diplomacy.	0
0	Israeli PM hosts cabinet session  PRIME Minister Ariel Sharon was presiding today over the first ever cabinet meeting in Israeli history with ministers from just one party after he sacked his last remaining coalition partner.	4
1	Graphic Designer Fired After Heckling Bush  MARTINSBURG, W.Va. - A man who heckled President Bush at a political rally was fired from his job at an advertising and design company...	0
0	Florida supreme court hears case on feeding tube for brain-damaged woman (AFP)  AFP - Florida's Supreme Court heard arguments in the right-to-die case of a severely brain-damaged woman whose feeding tube was removed but later reinserted after state Governor Jeb Bush intervened.	0
0	Bush Touts Tax Cuts, Aide Acknowledges 'Soft Patch' (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush said on Saturday his tax cuts were working to lift growth but a senior aide acknowledged the economy had hit a "soft patch" over the last six or eight weeks.	0
0	Bush laments loss of life in Iraq  US President George Bush pays tribute to US soldiers killed in Iraq as the death toll tops 1,000.	0
1	Clerk Fooled by Bill With Bush's Picture  GREENSBURG, Pa. - State police aren't laughing about the person who allegedly passed some funny money - a  $200 bill with President Bush's picture on it - at a women's clothing store...	0
0	House Defeats Gay Marriage Ban Amendment  WASHINGTON - The House emphatically rejected a constitutional amendment banning gay marriage Thursday, the latest in a string of conservative pet causes advanced by Republican leaders in the run-up to Election Day.    The vote was 227-186, 49 votes shy of the two-thirds needed for approval of an amendment that President Bush backed but the Senate had previously scuttled...	0
0	Bush and GOP Web Sites Suffer Outages (AP)  AP - Web sites for President Bush's campaign and the Republican National Committee suffered outages for several hours on Wednesday.	0
0	Britain's Blair Faces Heart Op, Vows to Lead On   LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair went  to hospital on Friday to correct recurrent heart palpitations,  but he vowed to serve a full third term in office if he wins an  election expected next year.	3
0	Post-Arafat Gaza Sees Turmoil  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip - The air above the Gaza Strip was humid and motionless Saturday, free of the throat-burning black smoke from flaming tires that mourners had lit in sadness and anger at the death this week of Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Blair insists Iraq war justified  Tony Blair insists the Iraq conflict was justified even if Saddam Hussein did not have weapons of mass destruction.	3
0	Paris set to release Arafat file  The French government says it will release the medical files of late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat to his next of kin.	2
0	Colombian Rebels Planned to Kill President Bush  <p></p><p> BOGOTA, Colombia (Reuters) - President Bush was targetedfor assassination by Colombia's biggest Marxist rebel groupthis week when he visited the Caribbean port city of Cartagena,a top Colombian official said on Saturday.</p>	0
1	Kerry farms for voters  As the sun set on Pike County, about 12,000 people stood in a cornfield waiting for Democratic presidential nominee Sen. John Kerry #39;s bus to pull up.	1
0	Schwarzenegger to support Bush  California's governor is due to appear on the campaign trail for President Bush on the final weekend of campaigning.	0
0	House Blocks New OT Rules; Dems Claim Win  WASHINGTON - A House vote to overturn new Bush administration rules on which workers qualify for overtime pay was hailed by Democrats trying to convince undecided voters they are the party that better protects worker rights.    In a sharp rebuke to President Bush, the House voted 223-193 Thursday to stop the Labor Department from carrying out the new rules...	0
0	How to Remember Yasser Arafat  The death of Yasser Arafat historical leader of the Palestinians marks the beginning of a new era in Middle East power politics. Arafat, who died in a Paris military hospital, has been the embodiment of the 	2
0	Bush Hits Kerry for Iraq Explosives Talk (AP)  AP - President Bush returned Democrat John Kerry's fire on a missing Iraqi weapons cache Wednesday, accusing his rival of rushing to judgment before all the facts were known and "denigrating the commanders" leading U.S. forces.	0 1
1	Palestinians to get Arafat #39;s medical chart  France has assured the Palestinian Authority that a copy of Yasser Arafat #39;s medical chart will be given to the late president #39;s nephew who is also a Palestinian diplomat, Palestinian officials said.	2
0	Nephew has Arafat medical file  No evidence exists that Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat died of poisoning, his nephew says. But at a press conference in Paris, Nasser al-Quidwa did not definitely dismiss 	2
0	Both Candidates Often Shift Positions (AP)  AP - While working relentlessly to portray Democratic Sen. John Kerry as a "flip-flopper," President Bush has his own history of changing his position, from reversals on steel tariffs and "nation-building" to reasons for invading Iraq.	0 1
0	Kerry TV Ad Pins Veterans' Attack Firmly on Bush  The advertisement blames President Bush for a campaign that Senator John Kerry said had smeared his Vietnam record.	0 1
0	Palestinian Abbas Calls Israel 'The Zionist Enemy' (Reuters)  Reuters - Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas called Israel "the Zionist enemy" Tuesday, unprecedented language for the relative moderate who is expected to succeed Yasser Arafat.	2
1	Dispute on Bush Memos Hovers Over Rather (AP)  AP - With questions swirling around documents used by CBS in a story about President Bush's National Guard service, Matt Sheffield experienced something unique. His Web site, Ratherbiased.com, crashed because of all the visitors. It was that kind of week for Dan Rather.	0
0	Kerry admits to soft spot for Oscar winner Theron (AFP)  AFP - Democratic presidential contender John Kerry has a soft spot for South African actress Charlize Theron but is adamant that second wife Teresa Heinz-Kerry changed his life, he has told GQ magazine.	1
0	Sharon Issues Bids for New Housing Units for Settlers  ERUSALEM, Aug. 17 - The day before the Israeli prime minister, Ariel Sharon, faces sharp debate about his policies at his Likud Party convention, his government made an effort on Tuesday to pacify his critics, issuing tenders for 1,001 ...	4
0	Bush, Kerry Tangle on Health Care, Stem Cells (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush slammed Democratic Sen. John Kerry's health care plan on Thursday as "an overpriced albatross," but Kerry condemned Bush's decision to limit funding for new stem cell research and said he had turned his back on science.	0 1
1	Newborn Palestinian twins named Yasser and Arafat  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip Just after Yasser Arafat #39;s death was announced, a pregnant Palestinian woman told her husband she wanted to name their child after the departed leader.	2
1	What Democrats Still Don #39;t Get  Top Democrats advising the Kerry campaign are scratching their heads raw this week, trying to figure out why John Kerry--even with solid debate performances under his belt and continuing violence in Iraq--still is still having such a hard time convincing 	1
0	Kerry Says Iraq War Raises Questions on Bush's Judgment  Senator John Kerry said today that no responsible commander in chief would have waged the war in Iraq.	0 1
3	Kerry uses outsourcing issue to discredit Bush's jobs record (AFP)  AFP - Outsourcing of American jobs to Asia has become a hot-button issue in the presidential election with White House aspirant Senator John Kerry promising the most sweeping reform of international tax law in four decades to halt the trend.	0 1
1	Sharon Invites Labour to Join Coalition  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon asked the dovish Labour Party to join his ruling coalition today, a move that greatly bolsters his chances for carrying out plans to withdraw from the Gaza Strip next year.	4
0	UK troops to Baghdad warning  Tony Blair was last night accused of conspiring to use British troops in Iraq as a  quot;political gesture quot; to boost George Bush #39;s campaign in the US presidential elections.	3
0	Editorial: Faint hope in Gaza  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has won parliamentary endorsement of a plan to remove all 8,000 Israeli settlers and the troops who protect them from the Gaza Strip.	4
0	Israel beefs up Sharon security  PRIME Minister Ariel Sharon made a dramatic entrance into Israel #39;s parliament today surrounded by a large phalanx of bodyguards.	4
1	Bush past under fire  US President George W. Bush is fighting off new claims he did not fulfil his duties with the Air National Guard during the Vietnam era.	0
1	US TV Network Stands by Bush Service Report, Despite Questions  A US television network continues to stand by its recent report questioning President Bush #39;s military service during the Vietnam era, despite questions about the authenticity of documents on which the story was based.	0
0	Bush Rejects Kerry on Terror War, Economy (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush charged on Wednesday that Democrat John Kerry has a "fundamental misunderstanding" of the war on terrorism because he does not see Iraq as a theater of that conflict.	0
1	Shooting at Arafat Mourning Site Kills One  Palestinians members of the youth organization, Palestinian Mini Parliament, affiliated to late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s Fatah movement, dressed as Arafat and holding posters with his image at the Rafah refugee camp, southern of Gaza Strip 	2
1	Opinion polls ambush Kerry, Bush regains lead  In a rather surprising turn of fortune, latest opinion polls show President Bush has gained a significant lead over John Kerry despite a majority thinking the Democratic challenger won the third and final debate.	0 1
1	Bush did not expect Iraq casualties: Christian leader  WASHINGTON, Oct 20 (AFP) - A leading evangelical Christian supporter of George W. Bush said Wednesday the president told him before the invasion of Iraq last year that he expected no casualties in the war.	0
1	Sharon rejects Gaza pullout vote  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has rejected a call from Benjamin Netanyahu, his main rival in the Likud party, to put his Gaza withdrawal plan to a referendum and vowed to carry it out on schedule.	4
1	Qorei appeals for calm among Palestinians as Arafat fights for <b>...</b>  GAZA CITY, Nov 6 (AFP) - Prime minister Ahmed Qorei urged leaders of armed factions not to drag the Palestinian people into internecine conflict Saturday as their veteran leader Yasser Arafat fought for his life in a Paris hospital.	2
1	Arafats nephew blames Israel for the Palestinian leaders <b>...</b>  After receiving the Yasser Arafat #39;s medical file, his nephew, Nasser Al Kidwa, blamed Israel for the Palestinian leader #39;s death and refused to hush up rumors of poisoning - even after the French doctors said they had found no known poison.	2
0	Bush Twists Kerry's Words on Iraq  WACO, Texas - President Bush opened several new scathing lines of attack against Democrat John Kerry, charges that twisted his rival's words on Iraq and made Kerry seem supportive of deposed dictator Saddam Hussein.    It was not unlike the spin that Kerry and his forces sometimes place on Bush's words...	0 1
1	Palestinian leaders expected in Paris Monday  The three members of the caretaker Palestinian leadership say they will visit Yasser Arafat at a hospital near Paris, despite angry comments from Arafat #39;s wife.	2
0	Conflicting reports about Arafat #39;s health  Some reports from Paris say Arafat has slipped into a coma. There have been other reports through the day that Arafat #39;s still unexplained condition has become worse and he is in the ICU.	2
0	Kerry Decries Bush Plan to Recall Troops  CINCINNATI - John Kerry, telling fellow combat veterans he's their "true brother in arms," said Wednesday that President Bush's plan to withdraw U.S. troops from Europe and Asia would weaken U.S...	0 1
0	Bush Tempers Expectations on Terror War  WASHINGTON - President Bush says staying the course in the war on terror will make the world safer for future generations, though he acknowledges an all-out victory against terrorism may not be possible.    In an interview on NBC-TV's "Today" show broadcast to coincide with Monday's start of the Republican National Convention in New York, Bush said retreating from the war on terror "would be a disaster for your children.'"  "You cannot show weakness in this world today because the enemy will exploit that weakness," he said...	0
0	Bush Prepares to Sign Intelligence Reforms  WASHINGTON - Amid a heated election-year debate on intelligence reform, President Bush prepared to sign executive orders Friday strengthening the powers of the CIA director and establishing a new national counterterrorism center.    The moves will "improve our ability to find, track and stop terrorists," White House press secretary Scott McClellan said...	0
3	Markets up when Democrats win  A win by Democratic challenger John Kerry in next week #39;s US presidential election may give stocks a lift, if history is any guide.	1
1	Bush #39;s approval rating slipping  President Bush and Sen. John Kerry head toward their third and final televised debate this week with voters increasingly pessimistic about the economy, the war in Iraq 	0 1
1	 #39;The stage is set for a vibrant fall debate #39;   quot;For months, John Kerry has tried to fend off complaints from fellow Democrats that he has failed to expose President George Bush #39;s Iraq policies as failures.	1
0	Abbas calls for end to violence  Mahmoud Abbas, the favourite to succeed Yasser Arafat as Palestinian leader, has called on his people to stop fighting Israel. Mr Abbas said Palestinians had a legitimate right  quot;to express their rejection of the occupation by popular and social means quot;.	2
1	Kerry Blasts Iraq Invasion As  quot;historic quot; Failure  NEW YORK (AFP) - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry delivered his sharpest attack yet on the Iraq war, accusing President George W. Bush of  quot;colossal failures of judgment quot; that created a  quot;crisis of historic proportions.	0 1
0	Britain Agrees to US Troops Request  In a step fraught with risks for Prime Minister Tony Blair, Britain agreed Thursday to send 850 of its soldiers from relatively peaceful southern Iraq to a volatile area near Baghdad 	3
0	Sharon strikes coalition deal with Labor  On a day Israeli forces attacked targets in Gaza, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon reached agreement with the Labor Party on a national unity government -- strengthening his plan to disengage from the Palestinians.	4
0	Sharon wins key Gaza vote  THE Israeli parliament approved last night the controversial plan of Ariel Sharon, the Prime Minister, to withdraw all Jewish settlers from the Gaza Strip and four isolated settlements in the West Bank.	4
1	Schwarzenegger Says Sex Life Suffered With Bush Endorsement  MONTEREY, Calif. -- California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger said Tuesday that endorsing President George W. Bush definitely had an impact on his personal life.	0
0	Israeli Coalition Crisis May Force Early Election (Reuters)  Reuters - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's shaky coalition Tuesday faced collapse in a row over the 2005 budget, raising the prospect of early elections that would endanger his plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip.	4
1	Bush seen firm on Snows departure  Snow had been seen staying on with the administration in the near term, but in the past several weeks his expected tenure has been shortened considerably and the newspaper said that in addition to Card, former Texas Sen.	0
0	Blair Facing Popular Discontent Over Iraq War  Description: Britain #39;s Prime Minister Tony Blair faces criticism within his Labor Party over his support for the war in Iraq. At Labor #39;s annual conference in Brighton, opponents of the war have forced the 	3
0	First Lady Hailing Bush on Terror Fight  NEW YORK - Republican National Convention co-stars Laura Bush and Arnold Schwarzenegger were commending President Bush to the country Tuesday for four more years in office, praising him for unflinching leadership in a time of national testing. "I am so proud of the way George has led our country with strength and conviction" in the war on terror, the first lady planned to say...	0
0	GOP Speakers Looking to Reach Moderates  NEW YORK - Republicans at their party's convention were turning Tuesday to conditions at home after saluting President Bush as a wartime leader. California Gov...	0
0	Candidates Hit Crucial Swing States of Ohio and Pennsylvania  President Bush attacked John Kerry's health plan; Christopher Reeve's widow backed Mr. Kerry, citing his stem cell policy.	0 1
1	Palestinian candidates shaping ballot  Palestinians began registering candidates yesterday for a presidential election to succeed Yasser Arafat, while officials warned that 	2
0	N Korea 'must halt weapon dreams'  President Bush urges North Korea to give up nuclear ambitions at a summit rocked by  protests.	0
0	Kidnappers Behead British Hostage in Iraq  BAGHDAD, Iraq - Kidnappers beheaded British hostage Kenneth Bigley after twice releasing videos in which he wept and pleaded with Prime Minister Tony Blair for his life. One of Bigley's brothers blamed Blair, saying Friday the prime minister has "blood on his hands."   The 62-year-old civil engineer was at least the 28th hostage slain in Iraq...	3
0	Lawyer for Bush Quits Over Links to Kerry's Foes  The quick resignation suggests that the Bush campaign, which has repeatedly said it has no ties to the Swift boat veterans group, is eager to put the issue behind it.	0 1
0	Sharon #39;s Gaza Plan Sparks Heated Arguments  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, center, talks to Israeli Finance Minister Benjamin Netanuahu, right, and Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom during a session of the Knesset, Israel #39;s parliament, in Jerusalem, Monday Oct 18, 2004.	4
1	Source for Rather Seeks New Lawyer, Might Sue CBS  Former Texas National Guard officer Bill Burkett, who provided CBS News with possibly fraudulent documents purporting to show that President Bush shirked his Guard duty, is looking for a lawyer 	0
0	Look who #39;s talking  In promoting the disengagement plan, that confrontational man, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, has already caused great suffering, anger and destruction - just look at the tremendous commotion already happening.	4
0	Time for excuses on Africa is over: Blair  ADDIS ABABA: British Prime Minister Tony Blair is to say on Thursday that the time for excuses on Africa is over as he chairs a meeting in Ethiopia he hopes will turn the continents problems into a global priority.	3
0	2004 Deficit Hits Record  $413 Billion  WASHINGTON - The federal deficit surged to a record  $413 billion in 2004, the Treasury Department announced Thursday, injecting the figure into a presidential campaign in which the two parties have clashed over President Bush's management of the economy and the budget.    The number was a significant improvement from the shortfalls that analysts projected earlier this year, including a  $521 billion estimate the Bush administration made in February...	0
0	Sharon Vows to Escalate Gaza Offensive  JERUSALEM - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon pledged Sunday to escalate a broad Israeli offensive in northern Gaza, saying troops will remain until Palestinian rocket attacks are halted. Israeli officials said the offensive - in which 58 Palestinians and three Israelis have been killed - will help clear the way for an Israeli withdrawal...	4
0	Bin Laden Condemns Bush, Says New Attacks Possible  Osama bin Laden burst into the US election campaign on Saturday, releasing his first video tape in more than a year to deride President Bush and warn of possible new Sept.	0
1	Bush wins popular vote in electoral nail-biter; Kerry weighing <b>...</b>  WASHINGTON (CP) - President George W. Bush inched closer to a second term on Wednesday as aides to Democratic challenger John Kerry considered conceding the state of Ohio after an election cliffhanger that ultimately showed Americans were wary of dumping 	0 1
1	Bush slams Kerry over  #39;brave #39; Iraqi  President Bush yesterday hammered Sen. John Kerry for disparaging Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi, whom Mr. Bush described as a hero in need of America #39;s help, not contempt.	0 1
0	Protesters May Not Have Swearing-In Spot (AP)  AP - The park service has given the Presidential Inaugural Committee clearance to erect bleachers along parts of Pennsylvania Avenue where an anti-war group had requested permits to stage a large-scale protest during President Bush's parade.	0
0	Sharon Says Gaza Pullout Still Planned  Settler leaders turned up the rhetoric Friday against Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, calling his plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip and a small part of the West Bank a Nazi act #39; #39; and warning it could lead to civil war.	4
0	Bush Stops in Colombia, Pledges Aid for Drug War  CARTAGENA, Colombia--President Bush pledged more funding to support Colombia #39;s fight against drugs and violence during a visit Monday to the world #39;s cocaine capital, telling 	0
0	Bush Twists Kerry's Words on Iraq  WACO, Texas - President Bush opened several new scathing lines of attack against Democrat John Kerry, charges that twisted his rival's words on Iraq and made Kerry seem supportive of deposed dictator Saddam Hussein.    It was not unlike the spin that Kerry and his forces sometimes place on Bush's words...	0 1
0	Seoul Asks Bush to Focus on N.Korea Nuclear Crisis   SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun  called newly re-elected President Bush and won his agreement  that ending the nuclear crisis involving the isolated communist  North should be a goal of his second term in office.	0
0	Bush, Kerry race to up-for-grabs states (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush and his Democratic rival John Kerry focused their attention on the crucial Midwestern region as they began criss-crossing key battleground states 18 days before the election.	0 1
1	Scandal claims a tearful Blunkett  THE revenge of an ex-lover has forced the resignation of British Home Secretary David Blunkett, dealing a blow to Tony Blair less than six months before an expected general election.	3
0	Candidates Gear Up for Crucial Debates  WASHINGTON - This fall's presidential debates will pit George W. Bush's folksy manner and big-picture brand of policymaking against John Kerry's more cerebral outlook and nuanced world view...	0 1
0	Arafat Dead, Say Palestinian Sources Amid Confusion   PARIS (Reuters) - The fate of Palestinian President Yasser  Arafat was mired in confusion on Tuesday as French doctors  contradicted reports by senior Palestinian officials that the  veteran leader had died at a Paris hospital.	2
0	Candidates paint two incomplete views on foreign policy  Few topics paint a starker difference between George W. Bush and John F. Kerry than US foreign policy. Bush, a man who rarely traveled outside 	0
0	Pacific Rim Nations Meet on Trade, Security (AP)  AP - Top ministers from 21 Pacific Rim nations convened high-level talks on free trade and global security Wednesday, while police battled university students protesting the summit and a weekend visit by President Bush.	0
0	Bush Outlines Plan for a 2nd Term and Attacks Kerry's Record  George W. Bush accepted the Republican nomination, outlining proposals that he said would address education, health care and jobs, while battering Senator John Kerry.	0 1
1	Angry Democrats mix despair with hope  The downside of last week #39;s convention was that the Republicans performed brilliantly. The upside is that it may finally have lit a fire under John Kerry.	1
1	Bush Returns to Pa.; Kerry Stumps in Ohio  Bush Goes to Pa. Today to Talk About Health Care While John Kerry Heads to Ohio. President Bush speaks during a campaign stop at J  amp; D Manufacturing Wednesday, Oct. 20, 2004, in Eau Claire, Wis.	0
0	First woman enters race for Palestinian president  A Palestinian journalist from Jerusalem #39;s walled Old City said on Sunday she would run for president to succeed Yasser Arafat, becoming the first woman to enter the race.	2
1	Post-Election, Hollywood Seen as Liability to Left   LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Hollywood is licking its wounds  after an election that saw voters not only reject the candidate  it anointed -- Democrat John Kerry -- but repudiate the values  that the liberal stronghold cherishes.	1
1	Clinton a plus or minus for Kerry?  Philadelphia is Bill Clinton first campaign stop as the ex-president seeks to rally support for John Kerry. Its hard to imagine the Democrats recapturing the White House this year without Pennsylvanias 21 electoral votes.	1
0	Bush claims UN support for ousting Saddam (AFP)  AFP - Faced with UN chief Kofi Annan's charge that the war in Iraq was  quot;illegal quot; under the world body's charter, US President George W. Bush strongly implied that the invasion enjoyed UN support.	0
1	George W. Bush #39;s Health-Care Plans  Health care has taken center stage in the race between President George W. Bush and Sen. John Kerry. WebMD Washington correspondent Todd Zwillich talked to top staff members from each campaign to find out 	0 1
0	Colombia Deploys 15,000 Troops for Bush  The Spanish colonialists who fortified this Colombian seaport 400 years ago to guard against pirates and rival imperial powers could only have dreamed of the security being implemented for President Bush's visit here Monday.	0
0	Israeli MPs Reject Sharon Speech on Gaza Pullout   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's parliament voted on Monday  to reject a session-opening speech by Prime Minister Ariel  Sharon, dealing a symbolic setback to his disputed plan to  withdraw from some occupied territory.	4
0	Campaign Ads Filling Airwaves During RNC (AP)  AP - Viewers treated to a break from the TV ad wars during the Democratic convention last month won't get the same respite when Republicans gather to re-nominate President Bush.	0
1	Guthrie Publisher Lets Cartoon Use Song (AP)  AP - This song is my song, this song is your song. That's the agreement reached between the publishers of Woody Guthrie's classic "This Land is Your Land" and JibJab Media, creators of an animated Internet short that uses the tune in a comic sendup of President Bush and Sen. John Kerry's presidential campaigns.	0 1
1	A recipe for losing another peace chance  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is not the only one who wants his unilateral disengagement plan to succeed. Many on the Palestinian side would like to see it work, certainly 	4
1	Bush Begins APEC Summit Meetings Saturday  President Bush is in Chile Saturday, to attend the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit and meet with several other world leaders.	0
2	Bush urges  #39;strong steps #39; in drug war  President George Bush has urged Major League Baseball to take  quot;strong steps quot; to confront the use of steroids and other illegal performance-enhancing substances by players.	0
0	A revised disengagement strategy  As Yasser Arafat was being brought for burial, and even before a Palestinian leadership has arisen that will prove that it is heading in a new direction, British Prime Minister Tony Blair went 	2 3
1	Gaza Settlement Evacuation Plan Sped Up  JERUSALEM Aug. 30, 2004 - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon wants all 21 Jewish settlements in the Gaza Strip evacuated at the same time instead of in three stages, officials said Monday, reflecting a major shift in tactics in his pullout plan.	4
1	Laura Bush brushes aside Heinz Kerry #39;s remarks  Laura Bush on Thursday brushed off comments about her work experience that were made by Teresa Heinz Kerry, who told USA Today she was unsure if Bush had ever held a  quot;real job.	0
1	US loses in trade case  President George W. Bush pledged Friday to work with Congress to comply with a World Trade Organization ruling after the international trade agency gave the go-ahead to other nations to impose anti-dumping duties on US goods.	0
0	Kidnappers Behead British Hostage in Iraq  BAGHDAD, Iraq - Kidnappers beheaded British hostage Kenneth Bigley after twice releasing videos in which he wept and pleaded with Prime Minister Tony Blair for his life. One of Bigley's brothers blamed Blair, saying Friday the prime minister has "blood on his hands."   The 62-year-old civil engineer was at least the 28th hostage slain in Iraq...	3
1	Campaigns push, pull, prod voters to polls  Four years ago, Bobbi Nealy voted for Ralph Nader in Florida, where the election between Al Gore and George W. Bush came down to hanging chads and butterfly ballots.	0
1	Lindh seeks sentence reduction  Attorneys for John Walker Lindh, who pleaded guilty in July 2002 to a charge of aiding the Taliban, are asking President Bush to reduce his 20-year prison sentence.	0
0	Kerry Blames Rising Health Costs for Job Losses (Reuters)  Reuters - Democrat John Kerry, citing a newly commissioned study, said on Thursday that rising health care expenses have cost American jobs and President Bush has done nothing to solve the problem.	0 1
0	Sharon vows to expand offensive  Jerusalem, Oct. 4. (PTI): At least nine Palestinians were killed Sunday by Israeli forces as Prime Minister Ariel Sharon rejected a ceasefire offer from Hamas and vowed to  quot;expand quot; the military offensive in 	4
1	Sharon Wins Likud #39;s Support to Hold Coalition Talks With Labor  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Likud Party voted to support talks to bring Labor and other opposition parties into the coalition to keep the government afloat after it lost its last remaining partner a week ago.	4
0	Bush Sued in Chile Over Prisoner Abuse (AP)  AP - A coalition of small leftist political groups has sued President Bush and other U.S. government officials for the abuses against prisoners at the Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq.	0
1	Tough Campaign Ahead for Bush #39;s Australian Ally  Ending months of speculation, Australian Prime Minister John Howard has called an election for October 9, when he will become the first of the three 	0
1	Bush and Reality  President Bush has tried to portray the war in Iraq as the right thing to do. But the violence and chaos suggest otherwise to voters.	0
1	Question of Arafat burial threatens to spark violence  JERUSALEM - The first, potentially explosive row of the post-Yasser Arafat era has erupted, even as the Palestinian leader clings to life - apparently thanks to life support machines.	2
0	Sinn Fein seeks faster N Ireland pullout  An Irish political party leader is to urge British Prime Minister Tony Blair to accelerate the withdrawal of troops from republican areas of Northern Ireland.	3
1	Kerry And Bush Sharpen Attacks  (CBS) Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry and President Bush engaged in a heated exchange over the war in Iraq as they campaigned Monday in key battleground states where polls show the presidential race virtually tied.	0 1
1	Uncharted territory  On the long road of a hostile and often backward-looking presidential campaign, President Bush and Sen. John Kerry have sputtered more than sped and neither has satisfied a majority of voters.	0 1
0	The Road To Palestinian Elections  The US And Israel Are pinning their hopes on former Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas to succeed Yasser Arafat as leader of the Palestinians.	2
0	Poll: Kerry Has Wide Support Among Blacks (AP)  AP - Blacks prefer Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry over President Bush by a nearly 4-to-1 margin, though their support for the Democrat is down slightly from the backing Al Gore received in 2000, according to a poll released Tuesday.	0 1
1	Intelligence bill passes; immigration up next  A battle between President Bush and Congress over immigration policies and related security concerns continues in the wake of lawmakers #39; approval of a hard-fought bill to revamp the nation #39;s intelligence network.	0
0	Sharon, Arafat meet internal strife  RAMALLAH, West Bank -- Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel and Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat both confronted challenges from within their own ranks yesterday in speeches that aimed to quash growing internal rebellions over their leadership and policies.	2 4
1	A very problematic peace process  The Palestinian elections were supposed to take place smoothly with one strong and realistic candidate, Mahmoud Abbas, aka Abu Mazen, chairman of the Palestine Liberation Organization in succession to the late Yasser Arafat, and a balanced competitor who 	2
1	Israel kills senior Hamas militant  Hamas has vowed to hit back hard for Israel #39;s assassination of the  quot;Father of the Qassam quot; rocket, a weapon symbolising Palestinian militants #39; defiance of Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and his plan to quit Gaza.	4
0	Protesters defy Labour security  Protesters were able to disrupt Tony Blair #39;s conference speech despite a multi-million-pound security operation aimed at preventing a terrorist attack.	3
0	Reports conflict about Arafat #39;s illness  PARIS - Conflicting reports emerged Tuesday about the seriousness of Palestinian President Yasser Arafat #39;s illness, as a fifth day of medical tests began at a French military hospital that specializes in blood disorders.	2
0	Sharon's Party Rebels, Imperils Gaza Pullout Plan   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's  Likud party has dealt a serious setback to his plan to evacuate  occupied Gaza by voting to bar him from forging a broad  coalition with the Labour opposition.	4
1	Blair issues demands to Sudan on Darfur  KHARTOUM, Sudan - Sudan agrees to a joint withdrawal of government and rebel forces in Darfur and will accept a big increase in international ceasefire monitors, British Prime Minister Tony Blair said Wednesday after talks with the country #39;s president.	3
0	Bush asked to nudge Musharraf on Pakistan's democratic future (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush should find out how Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf plans to restore civilian rule in his country during their talks this weekend expected to be dominated by terrorism, analysts say.	0
0	Sharon says he is ready to work with Arafat #39;s successor  Ariel Sharon said yesterday that he would end his boycott of the Palestinian leadership and begin a new era of working with Yasser Arafat #39;s successors.	2 4
0	 #39;Batman #39; Scales Buckingham Palace in Fathers #39; Protest  A campaigner dressed as Batman, from the fathers #39; rights group that pelted Prime Minister Tony Blair with flour-filled condoms, staged a dramatic protest on a Buckingham Palace balcony Monday.	3
1	But experts see Kerry momentum  The gloves stayed off yesterday as both presidential campaigns claimed victory in Friday #39;s bruising debate. President Bush #39;s campaign said he reversed most of the self-inflicted 	0 1
1	US Orders  #39;Major Disaster #39; Aid for Storm-Swept Florida  President Bush has declared a state of major disaster in the storm-ravaged southern US state of Florida, hit by four strong hurricanes since last month.	0
0	Blair Puts Security at Heart of Pre-Election Plans   LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's Tony Blair will spell out this  week his legislative plans for the next session of parliament  -- tantamount to an election manifesto, with the prime minister  expected to go to the polls in May next year.	3
1	Arafat #39;s condition checked  It will be at least Monday before French doctors know what #39;s ailing Yasser Arafat, a hospital spokesman said yesterday, hours after the Palestinian leader arrived in Paris for 	2
0	US Muslim groups back Kerry (AFP)  AFP - Leading US Muslim groups threw their support behind Democratic White House hopeful John Kerry, calling for a protest vote against President George W. Bush.	0 1
0	Kerry Accuses Bush of Hiding Troops Plan  ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. - Democratic Sen...	1
0	Sharon decides to pull back troops in Gaza Strip  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has agreed to scale back Israel #39;s 2-week-old military offensive in the northern Gaza Strip, Israeli news media reported Thursday night.	4
1	President George W. Bush Health Fit As A Fiddle  Doctors have found President Bush fit for duty for a second term in office. President Bush had his annual physical exam at a Navy hospital outside Washington.	0
1	Iraq WMD Report gets heated reception  In the US, it #39;s confirmed, for many, the distrust of the Bush administration and is likely to be seized later on Friday by Democrat candidate, John Kerry, in the second presidential debate.	1
1	Cheney Attacks Kerry for Comments Against Allawi  US vice president Dick Cheney has attacked Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry, saying his criticism of Iraqi prime minister Ayad Allawi showed an appalling lack of respect.	1
0	Bush Warns Iran After Uranium Processing Reports   SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - President Bush on Saturday  warned Iran of growing international concern over reports that  Tehran is preparing large amounts of uranium for an enrichment  process that can be used to make nuclear weapons.	0
1	In House, a band of new rebels  After dubbing President Bush #39;s  quot;open door quot; border policy a threat to national security, Rep. Tom Tancredo says, he got 	0
1	UK Verdict May Jeopardize Blair #39;s Terror Policies  British Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s security strategy, a central plank in his re-election bid, looked in trouble on Friday after a landmark legal ruling against a vital part of his anti-terror policy.	3
1	Blair to return to work after successful surgery  LONDON -- Prime Minister Tony Blair arrived home yesterday after undergoing a successful operation to correct an irregular heartbeat.	3
1	Moore Planning "Fahrenheit" Sequel  Director Michael Moore is planning to pick up where his hit documentary "Fahrenheit 9/11" left off. Tentatively titled "Fahrenheit 9/11 1/2," the sequel will revisit the same issues - President Bush, Iraq, and terrorism. "Fifty-one percent of the Ameri...	0
0	Bush, Kerry Economic Budgets Exceed  #36;1T (AP)  AP - President Bush and Democratic Sen. John Kerry have starkly different economic priorities with a common thread: price tags exceeding  #36;1 trillion that could pump already huge deficits skyward over the next decade.	0 1
0	Bush Helicopter-Hopping Across Florida (AP)  AP - In Florida, President Bush is banking on his base.	0
0	Arafat #39;s decline leads to fears of new violence  A flurry of contradictory information on President Yasser Arafat #39;s illness was leaked on Thursday as the Palestinian leader at various times was said to be brain dead or in a coma, in a stable but serious condition, and then dead - until reports of his 	2
1	Senate Democrats Suggest Nominee for CIA Chief Too Partisan  President Bush #39;s nominee to be the next director of the Central Intelligence Agency says he is committed to reform and would be a fair and independent spy chief if confirmed by the Senate.	0
1	Bush #39;s Reserve Resignation Cited  #39;Inadequate Time #39;  President Bush, accused by Democrats of shirking his duty in the Texas Air National Guard during the Vietnam War, wrote that he had  quot;inadequate time quot; to meet future Reserve commitments in his Nov.	0
0	Bush Rules Out Social Security Tax Hike (AP)  AP - President Bush on Thursday ruled out raising taxes to finance the centerpiece of his second-term domestic agenda: a Social Security overhaul to help the system survive an impending wave of retiring baby boomers.	0
3	Topics during the presidential debate _ at a glance  Kerry said he would not appoint judges who would overturn the Supreme Court #39;s 1973 abortion rights decision of Roe v. Wade. Bush said he had no litmus test for judges and reiterated his support for the ban on so-called partial birth abortion.	0 1
0	France says Arafat medical file can be released to family  France says the medical files of former Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat can be released upon demand to eligible parties, such as his family.	2
1	Blair and Chirac pledge unity  Tony Blair and Jacques Chirac today promised to work together on restoring stability in the Middle East while drawing a line under their past differences over the war in Iraq.	3
1	Bush details his plans for second term  Proclaiming  quot;voters of America have set the direction of the nation for the next four years, quot; President Bush yesterday outlined a second-term agenda that includes fighting the 	0
1	Kerry takes aim at Bushs stance on weapons ban  AFFTON - Sen. John Kerry accused President George W. Bush yesterday of playing into the hands of al-Qaida and other terrorist groups and putting Americans at risk if he allows the nations 10-year-old assault-weapons ban to expire Monday.	0 1
0	Sharon: Syria trying to deflect US pressure  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on Wednesday dismissed Syrian moves towards redeployment in Lebanon.  quot;We are not seeing any significant change in the Syrian position, quot; he told Israel Radio.	4
0	Bush to Seek  #36;2.5 Billion More for Florida (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush plans to ask Congress on Monday to rush about  #36;2.5 billion in additional aid to hurricane-battered Florida, administration officials said on Friday.	0
1	Bush-Kerry Debate Draws 62.5 Million U.S. Viewers   LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - At least 62.5 million Americans  tuned in to President Bush's debate with challenger Sen. John  Kerry on Thursday, far surpassing the number who watched either  political convention this summer or Bush's debates four years  ago with Al Gore.	0 1
3	Bush Nominates Kellogg CEO to Commerce (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush nominated Kellogg CEO Carlos Gutierrez on Monday as his next commerce secretary.	0
1	Anti-Kerry program airs  Sinclair Broadcast Group aired a program Friday night featuring material from a documentary critical of John Kerry. The show devoted as much coverage to 	1
1	Bush Visits Hurricane Victims in Florida  FORT PIERCE, Fla. Sept. 8, 2004 - Hurricane-ravaged Florida struggled to replenish its fuel supply and keep emergency distribution centers stocked with basic supplies Wednesday as millions of hot and weary 	0
0	UN, Blair Issue Warnings Over Violence in Sudan  British Prime Minister Tony Blair warned Sudan on Wednesday violence must end in Darfur and the United Nations said it might not be able to cope if conditions there fail to improve.	3
0	Arafat Officially Announced Dead -Al Jazeera   PARIS (Reuters) - Palestinian President Yasser Arafat has  been officially announced dead in a Paris military hospital,  Arab broadcaster Al Jazeera said on Thursday.  	2
0	Sharon Aide Nixes Palestinian State  JERUSALEM - The real objective of Ariel Sharon's offer to withdraw from the Gaza Strip and parts of the West Bank is to freeze Palestinian statehood indefinitely, with U.S. blessing, the prime minister's point man with the Bush administration acknowledged in an interview published Wednesday...	4
1	Political Digest Bush wins Iowa; result has no effect  With Bush holding a 12,000-vote advantage, Iowa election officials determined yesterday that there were not enough uncounted absentee votes for Kerry to overcome Bush #39;s lead.	0 1
0	Blair: Peace deal agonisingly close  Prime Minister Tony Blair has revealed how agonisingly close he came to striking a peace deal in Northern Ireland. He outlined the delicate and carefully choreographed step-by-step process which would have 	3
3	Bush Picks Kellogg CEO for Commerce   WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Bush on Monday chose  Carlos Gutierrez, the Cuban-born CEO of Kellogg Co, as his  nominee to be commerce secretary, his second selection of a  Hispanic for a second-term Cabinet.	0
1	Israeli coalition partner set to quit over Gaza pullout  JERUSALEM (AFP) - The political mouthpiece of the settler movement was poised to resign from Ariel Sharon #39;s coalition government Tuesday after the Israeli prime minister refused to bow to demands to put his Gaza pullout plan to a national referendum.	4
1	Bush, Kerry Step Up War of Words in Ohio, Florida  President Bush questioned Sen. John Kerry #39;s fitness to lead and the Democrat said Bush had ignored the middle class as they took their close presidential race on Saturday to two crucial states.	0 1
1	Israeli PM fires Shinui ministers for voting against budget  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon sacked ministers from the Shinui party after they voted against a 2005 state budget in its first reading Wednesday.	4
1	Insurgency  #39;is getting worse, #39; Powell says  WASHINGTON In contrast to statements last week by President George W. Bush, Secretary of State Colin Powell has conceded that the Iraq insurgency is growing more violent.	0
1	Bush to Give Intelligence Chief More Budget Power  Under election-year pressure, President Bush agreed on Wednesday to give a new national intelligence director what he called full budgetary authority over much of the intelligence community despite initial objections.	0
1	Oil: Price below US $50 as downturn resumes  NEW YORK - Oil fell back below US $50 on Thursday, resuming a downturn that has cut prices 11 per cent from record highs and ending a brief rally following President George W. Bush #39;s US election victory.	0
0	Edwards: Bush Didn't Do His Job in Iraq (AP)  AP - Sen. John Edwards, blaming President Bush for a missing cache of explosives in Iraq, on Thursday called on the Republican to show proof that he directed troops to secure the military depot near Baghdad where the material had been stored.	0
1	Bush Taps EPA Chief As Health Secretary  Environmental Protection Agency head Michael Leavitt, left, gestures after President Bush announced Leavitt as his nominee for secretary of Health and Human Services Monday, Dec. 13, 2004, in the Roosevelt Room of the White House.	0
0	Blair heart procedure a success, says hospital  The procedure to correct a heart  quot;flutter quot; plaguing British Prime Minister Tony Blair was a success and he is at home recovering, the hospital treating him said Friday.	3
0	Bush Increases Lead Over Kerry in Latest Pew Poll (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush's lead over Democratic nominee John Kerry increased to eight points in a Pew Research Center poll released on Tuesday, compared to a slight three-point lead in a poll conducted last week.	0 1
0	Bush, Kerry Sling Arrows in Tossup States  SUNRISE, Fla. - President Bush accused Sen...	0
0	If Electoral College Fails, House Decides (AP)  AP - One near-certainty in this election of many uncertainties is that if the Electoral College can't pick a winner, George W. Bush will stay in the White House. That's because the House of Representatives is and will probably remain in Republican hands.	0
0	Financial Times backs Kerry, bashes 'radical' Bush (AFP)  AFP - The respected Financial Times endorsed John Kerry as the best choice for US president, saying incumbent George W. Bush had polarized the world with his radical foreign policy and led a reckless economic policy.	0 1
1	Daily News Poll Watch  New national polls continued to show the race between Sen. John Kerry and President Bush to be very close, although Bush appears to have an edge among likely voters.	0 1
0	Medical team arrives at Arafat HQ  Doctors arrive at ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat's compound in Ramallah.	2
0	Israel allows Palestinian forces to secure Arafat #39;s burial: paper  Israel will allow Palestiniansecurity forces to take charge of security arrangements duringArafat #39;s burial in Ramallah, local newspaper Ha #39;aretz quotedDefense Minister Shaul Mofaz as saying Thursday.	2
0	Republican Party Platform Backs Gay Marriage Ban (Reuters)  Reuters - Republicans concluded work on Thursday on a party platform that backs proposed constitutional amendments banning gay marriage and abortion and vigorously defends President Bush's conduct of the war in Iraq.	0
0	US dismisses North Korea's personal attacks on Bush as "inappropriate" (AFP)  AFP - The United States dismissed as inappropriate North Korea's unusually strong personal attacks on President George W. Bush, but remained confident Pyongyang would attend talks to resolve the nuclear crisis in the Korean peninsula.	0
0	Israel Kills Top Hamas Leader in Gaza Strike -Medics (Reuters)  Reuters - Israel killed a senior member of the Hamas militant group and another gunman in an airstrike on their car in Gaza on Thursday, days before a key parliamentary vote on Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's Gaza pullout plan.	4
0	Bush Acknowledges Iraq 'Miscalculation'  WASHINGTON - President Bush, undertaking a heavy campaign schedule in key states in the run-up to the Republican National Convention, acknowledges a "miscalculation" about what the United States would encounter in post-war Iraq after the fall of Saddam Hussein's regime.    In an interview with The New York Times, Bush said for the first time that he made a "miscalculation of what the conditions would be" after U.S...	0
0	Settlers scorn advances for evacuation  Settlers willing to abandon their homes in exchange for compensation said Monday they would not be lured by advances paid out to who would leave their homes immediately under Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan for unilateral separation from the 	4
1	Summary Box: Sharon Party Vote  WHAT HAPPENED: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Likud Party approves inviting the dovish Labor Party into a coalition government.	4
0	Arafat: Speculation swirls  Paris - Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat remained in an unchanged but still critical condition on Saturday, with his closest adviser insisting that a recovery was possible.	2
0	Republicans launch Bush re-election bid near Ground Zero (AFP)  AFP - Republicans gather next week near the site of the country's worst terrorist attack to tout President George W. Bush's capacities as a wartime commander and launch him on his final run for re-election.	0
1	Bush Says US Safety from Terror  #39;Up in the Air #39;  President Bush said in a television interview the United States was safer from terrorism but whether it can ever be fully safe was  quot;up in the air.	0
0	Schwarzenegger Pumps Up Bush Crowd (AP)  AP - For a brief moment Friday, President Bush was outshone by a fellow Republican, Arnold Schwarzenegger, the larger-than-life California governor who took the stage to promote Bush's re-election  #151; and his own bodybuilding event.	0
1	Sinclair Airs Anti-Kerry Material (AP)  AP - Sinclair Broadcast's program featuring material from a documentary critical of John Kerry aired Friday night, devoting as much coverage to the controversy as the film that sparked the uproar.	1
1	Republican senator defends Bush #39;s Iraq policy  US Republican Senator John McCain,a key moderate who has often criticized the policies of old political foe President George W. Bush, on Monday offered a stout defense of Bush #39;s Iraq policy and his leadership.	0
0	Claim Bush Kill Plot Thwarted  (CBS/AP) The largest guerrilla group in Colombia ordered an assassination attempt on President Bush during his visit to the country last week, a senior official said.	0
0	Bush targets nuclear ambitions  President Bush #39;s concentration on North Korea #39;s nuclear programme at the meeting of Asian and Pacific countries in Chile shows that stopping the spread of nuclear weapons will continue to 	0
0	Pageantry Planned for Bush Inauguration (AP)  AP - When President Bush takes his second oath of office Jan. 20 it will be his family's fifth inauguration ceremony, a day of pomp and pageantry set amid the icons of democracy only this city can provide: the U.S. Capitol, the White House, Pennsylvania Avenue.	0
3	Snow to remain Treasury secretary  Just days after the Washington rumor mill had John Snow leaving his job as Treasury secretary, President Bush yesterday said Snow was staying on.	0
0	Rebuffed by Party, Sharon Presses on with Gaza Plan   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  vowed on Thursday to press ahead with his Gaza pullout plan  despite his own party's humiliating rebuff of his bid to forge  a coalition with the pro-withdrawal Labour Party.	4
0	PLC to test Arafat real intentions about reforms  PLC (Palestinian Legislative Council) Deputy Speaker, Hassan Khreisha, declared that a parliamentary panel would be meeting soon with President Yasser Arafat to request he sign a presidential decree over reform within the Palestinian Authority.	2
1	Bush: Social Security Reform Needed Now  President Bush said Thursday that now is the time to confront Social Security #39; #39; to deal with a projected  $3.7 trillion shortfall over 75 years and give younger workers the 	0
0	Blair undergoes heart operation  British Prime Minister Tony Blair has had a successful operation for recurrent heart palpitations and is doing well, Sky TV reported on Friday.	3
0	Second American hostage murder claimed as Bush appeals for help in <b>...</b>  BAGHDAD : A group linked to suspected Al-Qaeda operative Abu Mussab al-Zarqawi claimed to have beheaded a second US hostage in Iraq, as US President George W. Bush defended the war in Iraq and asked for more foreign help in the country.	0
0	Officer Wrote Letter to Bush's Father (AP)  AP - A packet of Texas Air National Guard records released Friday showed that the commanding officer of President Bush's basic training unit took a special interest in him as a trainee and wrote to his father to praise him. Democrats called that proof of preferential treatment.	0
0	Kerry Pays Nostalgic Visit to Iowa (AP)  AP - John Kerry paid an emotional return visit Friday to the state that launched him toward his party's nomination for president, saying he felt "an unbelievable wave of nostalgia."	1
1	Bush trips on military draft  United States President George W. Bush surprised his listeners at a campaign rally by seeming to oppose, then favour, then oppose replacing the all-volunteer US military with a draft.	0
0	Palestinian Prime Minister Visits Gaza (AP)  AP - Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia made a rare visit to the Gaza Strip on Saturday for talks with rival Palestinian groups aimed at preserving calm in the face of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat's dire condition.	2
0	Labor Party faces vexing challenges  The ruling Labor Party opened its annual meeting yesterday with elections looming next year, the opposition gaining favor in polls and Prime Minister Tony Blair eager to head off a rebuke over Iraq from his party #39;s left wing.	3
0	Embattled Sharon Vows to Save Govt., Gaza Pullout  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, his government in ruins, vowed Thursday to rebuild it by recruiting the Labor Party to stave off snap elections and carry out his Gaza withdrawal plan on schedule in 2005.	4
0	Bush to Seek  #36;2.5 Billion in Florida Aid (AP)  AP - President Bush planned to ask Congress Monday for about  #36;2.5 billion in additional aid to help Florida recover from its recent bout with hurricanes, congressional aides said.	0
0	Arafat breaks Ramadan fast  A weakened Yasser Arafat broke his Ramadan fast at the urging of doctors Tuesday and was undergoing more medical tests, aides said.	2
1	Hostage agony takes toll on family  Desperate but unanswered pleas to release a British hostage threatened with death in Iraq have taken their toll on his family and put pressure on UK Prime Minister Tony Blair.	3
0	Kerry hunts for votes; trade shots with Bush on health (AFP)  AFP - John Kerry literally went hunting for the support of gun-lovers and then tapped the power of  quot;Superman quot; to trade shots with President George W. Bush on health, as the two scouted votes that could swing a race still too close to call.	0 1
0	Moussa Arafat survives blast in Gaza  Moussa Arafat, a cousin of Yasser Arafat and erstwhile security boss in Gaza, last night escaped unharmed when a car bomb exploded near his convoy in Gaza City.	2
0	Iraq election campaign under way, Bush warns Iran, Syria to keep <b>...</b>  BAGHDAD - Campaigning for the first post-Saddam Hussein elections got under way on Thursday amid more bloodshed, as US President George W. Bush warned Iran and Syria to stop meddling in Iraq in the run-up to the vote.	0
1	Court appointees likely in second Bush term  With an aging Supreme Court, newly re-elected President Bush could replace a number of justices over the next four years. The youngest Supreme Court justice is 56 years old, the oldest 	0
0	Bush win opens door to strikes on Iraq rebels: analysts  BAGHDAD, Nov 4 (AFP) - US President George W. Bush #39;s victory could open the door to assaults on Iraqi rebels but may also pave the way to more cooperation with US allies in aiding the war-shattered country #39;s recovery, observers and analysts said Thursday.	0
1	Palestinians Transferring Arafat #39;s Financial Power  PARIS -- Palestinian officials are starting to transfer some of Yasser Arafat #39;s power, as the longtime leader #39;s health appears to be deteriorating.	2
1	Rumsfeld: It Is Nonsense To Say He Tried To Scuttle Intelligence <b>...</b>  _ Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld says accusations by some in Congress that he lobbied to kill an intelligence reform bill supported by President Bush are nonsense.	0
0	W: Kerry an in-fidel  Presient Bush swept through battleground state Florida yesterday as his campaign launched an attack ad linking John Kerry to Fidel Castro.	0 1
0	Bold Strokes, Few Details  For a nation divided over his stewardship and dubious about the war with Iraq, President Bush had one overriding message: He's still the one.	0
0	Fight Over Kerry's War Record Escalates  WASHINGTON - John Kerry's Vietnam War service records run to multiple medal commendations and a notation of "conspicuous gallantry" in combat. President Bush's file tracks the stateside career of a National Guard test pilot...	0 1
1	Iraq to dominate Labour conference  Iraq and the fate of a British hostage are threatening to thwart Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s efforts to put domestic issues centre stage today as Chancellor Gordon 	3
1	Chileans protests against Bush  About 25,000 protesters opposed to US President George W Bush, the war in Iraq and unfettered capitalism marched through the Chilean capital Santiago on Friday.	0
1	British Home Secretary resigns  TONY EASTLEY: In Britain, Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s election hopes have been dealt a blow with the resignation of his Home Secretary, David Blunkett.	3
1	Bush site restricted to foreigners  Web-surfers outside the US have been blocked from visiting the official George W. Bush campaign website. UK-based internet monitoring firm Netcraft first noticed the blockage Monday morning.	0
0	Robertson: Bush Said No Deaths in Iraq (AP)  AP - Religious broadcaster Pat Robertson says he warned President Bush before U.S. troops invaded Iraq that the United States would sustain casualties but that Bush responded, "Oh, no, we're not going to have any casualties."	0
0	Sharon #39;s Doomed Course of Action  Israel #39;s Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s recent decisions rather than advancing the peace process will probably contribute to stall it even further.	4
0	Hamas fires more rockets at Israel  Minister Ariel Sharon ordered his army to press on with a week-old offensive that has killed 75 Palestinians. briefed him on Israel #39;s biggest and bloodiest military campaign in the Gaza Strip in four years of open conflict.	4
0	Three U.S. Presidents Urge U.S. Relief Aid (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush brought together former presidents George Bush and Bill Clinton on Monday to launch an appeal for Americans to make a donation to help victims of the South Asia quake and tsunamis.	0
1	Sharon faces cabinet crisis  Ariel Sharon, Israel #39;s prime minister, faces a cabinet crisis despite winning a vote on the withdrawal from all settlements in Gaza and parts of the West Bank.	4
1	CBS backs off Guard story  CBS News acknowledged Monday that it received disputed documents critical of President Bush #39;s service in the Texas Air National Guard from a former 	0
1	 #39;60 Minutes #39; source has a long history of disparaging Bush  The man CBS News touted as the  quot;unimpeachable source quot; of explosive documents about President Bush #39;s National Guard service turns out to be a former Guard officer who has denounced Bush as a liar with  quot;demonic personality shortcomings.	0
2	Lawmakers enter fray on drug use in baseball  Sen. John McCain said Sunday he is certain President Bush would support legislation requiring strict tests for steroid use among ballplayers if Major League Baseball doesn #39;t implement a meaningful screening program soon.	0
0	Questions Raised About Bush Guard Service  WASHINGTON - New documents unearthed in the midst of the presidential campaign fill in some blanks but raise other questions about the sometimes mysterious and spotty story of President Bush's military service during Vietnam when he won a coveted spot in the Texas Air National Guard and avoided the war.    Reviving issues that have shadowed his political career, the documents show Bush ignored a direct order from a superior officer and lost his status as a Texas Air National Guard pilot more than three decades ago because he failed to meet military performance standards and undergo a required physical examination...	0
0	Democratic spirit v. Bush family values: the Latino dilemma in US polls (AFP)  AFP - Like most US Latinos, members of the extended Rodriguez family say they will cast their votes for Democrat John Kerry in next month's presidential polls.	0 1
0	South Korea Optimistic about Relations with North Korea  South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun and US President George W. Bush agreed to the early resumption of the six-party talks to end North Korea #39;s nuclear weapons program, according to Rohs spokesman on Nov. 5.	0
1	Bush names Gutierrez for Commerce  President Bush yesterday nominated Cuban-born Carlos Gutierrez, who once sold Frosted Flakes cereal from a van in Mexico and rose to head the nation #39;s largest cereal company, for the post of commerce secretary.	0
0	Kerry Says Missing Explosives in Iraq Illustrate Bush's Failures  Senator John Kerry called the disappearance of 380 tons of explosives "one of the great blunders of this administration."	0 1
1	Northern Ireland Parties Fail to Reach Power-Sharing Agreement  Northern Irish political parties failed to reach an agreement on power sharing after three days of talks, though they did make progress on the decommissioning of paramilitary weapons, UK Prime Minister Tony Blair said.	3
1	Bush vs. Kerry: As budget deficit mounts, neither candidate <b>...</b>  This is one in an occasional series of stories leading up to November #39;s election on economic issues being put forth by President Bush and Democratic challenger Sen. John F. Kerry.	0 1
1	Bush, Kerry Tied in Florida, Pennsylvania, Zogby Polls Say  US President George W. Bush and Senator John Kerry are in a statistical dead heat in Florida and Pennsylvania while Bush leads in Ohio, New Mexico and Colorado and Kerry leads in Wisconsin 	0 1
0	PLO Chief Vows Crackdown on Armed Chaos   GAZA (Reuters) - Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas Wednesday  promised steps to halt the use of illegal arms to stem chaos in  Palestinian areas and ensure calm ahead of a Jan. 9 election to  choose President Yasser Arafat's successor.	2
0	Missing explosives at Al Qaqaa: Bush caught in another Iraq war <b>...</b>  The Bush administrations political fortunes have been dealt a serious blow, only a week before the presidential election, with the revelation October 25 that 400 tons of extremely powerful 	0
1	Arafat #39;s nephew says Palestinian leader may have died of  #39; <b>...</b>  Yasser Arafat #39;s nephew said yesterday his uncle may have died an  quot;unnatural quot; death, a statement certain to fuel speculation among Palestinians that their late-leader was poisoned.	2
0	World Leaders First, Then Cookie Monster (AP)  AP - Leaders from Iraq, Jordan and Senegal paraded through the White House Monday morning. By afternoon, President Bush was hosting Elmo and the Cookie Monster at a children's holiday party.	0
1	Arafat led Palestinians but failed peace quest  The Palestinian president symbolized his people #39;s desire for a homeland, but his corrupt rule and limited vision frustrated their drive for statehood.	2
1	Sharon to Step Up War on Militants  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon today said he has ordered the army to step up its war on Palestinian militants ahead of a planned withdrawal from the Gaza Strip.	4
1	Rumsfeld gets flak for comments to troops  President George W. Bush said Thursday that concerns expressed by US soldiers in Kuwait a day earlier about having inadequately armored vehicles for their missions in Iraq  quot;are being addressed.	0
0	Quietly but Firmly, Hastert Asserts His Power  Dennis Hastert, the speaker of the House, is the man President Bush is counting on to enact his ambitious second-term agenda.	0
0	Blair should keep quiet about kidnapped aid chief: Iraqi husband  LONDON, Oct 22 (AFP) - The Iraqi husband of the kidnapped Baghdad head of international relief agency CARE criticized British Prime Minister Tony Blair for commenting on his wife #39;s abduction, saying it could put her in even greater danger, in an interview 	3
0	Arafat 'Very Sick,' Medics Arrive   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian President  Yasser Arafat's health worsened sharply on Wednesday and an  ambulance rushed to his beleaguered West Bank headquarters,  officials, medics and witnesses said.	2
1	Police clash with anti-APEC protesters  Chilean police clashed for a second day with protesters against the upcoming APEC summit, and the weekend arrival of US President George W. Bush.	0
0	Abbas meets his rivals in Gaza  GAZA CITY, NOVEMBER 16: The new chairman of the Palestine Liberation Organisation, Mahmoud Abbas, met here last night with militant leaders as he began trying to solve the intricate political puzzle that Yasser Arafat left at his death.	2
0	Northern Ireland Parties Fail to Reach Power-Sharing Agreement  Northern Irish political parties failed to reach an agreement on power sharing after three days of talks, though they did make progress on the decommissioning of paramilitary weapons, UK Prime Minister Tony Blair said.	3
0	Annan Backs Stem Cell Studies, Differing with Bush   UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - U.N. Secretary-General Kofi  Annan on Thursday endorsed scientific research involving the  cloning of human embryos, differing with the Bush  administration's push for a treaty to ban such studies.	0
1	Bush and Kerry Address Voters #39; Anxieties on Stump  The presidential candidates spread messages of anxiety in Ohio and Florida on Saturday, as John F. Kerry accused President Bush of putting American lives 	0
1	Latest news briefs from the Jewish Telegraphic Agency  Israel agreed to a Palestinian request to bury Yasser Arafat in Ramallah. Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and top Cabinet members on Wednesday overruled military chiefs who said that burying the Palestinian Authority 	2 4
0	Arafat Flies to France for Treatment   AMMAN (Reuters) - A French jet left Amman on Friday taking  ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat for treatment in Paris,  witnesses said.	2
0	Republicans Open Convention, Plan 9/11 Tribute (Reuters)  Reuters - Republicans opened their national convention on Monday to nominate President Bush for a second term with plans for four days of tributes to his wartime leadership and his response to the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.	0
0	McCain, Giuliani Trumpet Bush Leadership  NEW YORK - Republicans belittled Democratic Sen. John Kerry as a shift-in-the-wind campaigner unworthy of the White House on Monday, opening their national convention four miles from Ground Zero of America's worst terrorist attack...	1
0	Kids Opt for Kerry in Bellwether Online Poll (Reuters)  Reuters - The kids have spoken, and it's Sen. John Kerry with a convincing victory over President Bush on	0 1
0	Middle-Class Tax Cuts Extension Approved (AP)  AP - House-Senate negotiators late Wednesday approved extending three popular middle class tax cuts and Republicans, anxious to get the bill to President Bush, predicted swift passage in both chambers of Congress. The conference panel approved the bill after overriding objections from Democrats who said the tax cuts should be paid for by tax increases in other areas, limiting its impact on the government soaring budget deficit.	0
0	More Conflicting Reports on Arafat #39;s Health  PARIS - There are more conflicting reports today about the health of Palestinian leader Yassar Arafat. The Palestinian Foreign Minister says Arafat is not getting better, but his spokeswoman says his condition is not deteriorating.	2
0	Sharon says Israel to Expand its Gaza Offensive  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon says Israel will expand its offensive in Gaza, to stop Palestinian terrorists from firing rockets into southern Israel.	4
0	Bush Campaign Drops Song After Writer Complains (Reuters)  Reuters - The Bush campaign agreed on Friday to stop playing the 1976 hit "Still The One" -- by the band Orleans -- at Bush's rallies, after the song's writer, John Hall, protested its use by the president and backed the challenger, Democratic Sen. John Kerry.	0 1
1	Moore Accused of Offering Gifts for Votes (AP)  AP - Republicans say filmmaker Michael Moore should be prosecuted for offering underwear, potato chips and Ramen noodles to college students in exchange for their promise to vote for John Kerry.	1
0	Defense officials: Arafat expulsion unlikely  Senior defense officials dismissed as  quot;empty words meant for domestic political consumption quot; Foreign Minster Silvan Shalom #39;s call to expel Palestinian Authority head Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Kerry Tries to Turn Campaign Against Bush  WASHINGTON - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry, trying to recover from a brass-knuckles campaign against his character, is attempting to steer the election to a referendum on President Bush's leadership.    Kerry has less than seven weeks to take over the lead in the presidential race...	0 1
1	How Blair handled it  Watching Tony Blair is always instructive for Americans, and even the source of a bit of envy. Facing the same political conundrum as President George W. Bush - a war gone wrong in a charged political season 	0 3
1	Voters To Decide Control Of US House, Senate  Although much of the attention Tuesday will be focused on the presidential race between George W. Bush and Sen. John Kerry, many eyes will be on hundreds of races across the country that will dictate who controls 	0 1
1	Giuliani says Kerry not up to job of commander in chief  Leading a night of attack, former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani said Democrat John Kerry owns a  quot;record of inconsistent positions quot; on war, terror and others issues where President Bush has led, warning that this is no time to change course.	0 1
0	For Arafat, Oslo Remained Symbol of Hope (AP)  AP - Norway's capital could not have been further removed from the chaos and bloodshed of the Middle East. Yet it was as a result of top-secret meetings here that two veteran warriors decided it was time to talk peace.	2
0	UK #39;s Blair to Put Africa at Heart of the G-8 Agenda in 2005  UK Prime Minister Tony Blair this week will put efforts to curb disease and poverty in Africa at the center of the agenda of the Group of Eight industrial nations next year.	3
0	Letter from London  British Prime Minister Tony Blair looked as though he had just walked away from a car wreck when he posed for photographs with French President Jacques Chirac in London last week.	3
1	Arafat #39;s wife sends message to leaders  Paris - Yasser Arafat #39;s wife on Sunday despatched a key Palestinian official to the West Bank with a mysterious message for the leadership concerning the health of her husband and its political consequences.	2
0	Blair issues N.Ireland peace warning  Tony Blair says talks next week designed to restore a deal that shares power in Northern Ireland between the divided Protestant and Catholic communities are a final chance to salvage the accord.	3
0	Dems Object to Airing of Anti-Kerry Film (AP)  AP - The Democratic Party and 18 senators are objecting to a broadcasting company's plan to air on 62 TV stations a critical documentary about John Kerry's anti-war activities after he returned home from Vietnam three decades ago.	1
0	Bush and Kerry Focus on Debate; Running Mates Sharpen Rhetoric  President Bush and John Kerry practiced for their final debate tonight, leaving their running mates to throw gibes during the day.	0 1
1	Moviegoers queue to see Michael Moore #39;s documentary  #39;Fahrenheit 9 <b>...</b>  LOS ANGELES : Michael Moore intends to be a nuisance to President George W. Bush until the last minute, as his fiery anti-Bush documentary  quot;Fahrenheit 9/11 quot; was available to millions of US satellite television subscribers Monday on the eve of the US 	0
1	Familiar faces likely to leave Cabinet  President Bush said Thursday that he will spend the weekend considering changes in his Cabinet for his second term, feeding speculation inside and outside the 	0
0	AP: New Bush Guard Papers Leave Questions (AP)  AP - Unearthed under legal pressure, three-decade-old documents portray President Bush as a capable and well-liked Air National Guard pilot who stopped flying and attending regular drills two-thirds of the way through his six-year commitment  #151; without consequence.	0
0	Sharon #39;s provocations  Some people were full of hope that, with Arafat gone, Sharon might finally do something to make peace happen. These same people were shocked when the news came from the borders.	2
0	Sharon Gov't Partner Quitting Over Gaza Pullout   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's pro-settler National  Religious Party (NRP) decided on Monday to quit Prime Minister  Ariel Sharon's government in protest at his Gaza pullout plan.	4
1	Palestinian reaction to Arafat death  From Arab Knesset Member Azmi Bshara:  quot;We relied on him in certain political core issues since the man (Arafat) was a  quot;safe guard quot; and because his presence at the negotiation meant no giving up.	2
1	JUDGE JOHN KERRY BY HIS RECORD  October 21, 2004 -- In 12 days, Americans will go to the polls to render a verdict on George W. Bush #39;s presidency. But Nov. 2 will not simply be a re ferendum on President Bush #39;s leader ship.	0
1	Bush Battles CIA Report, Bremer Remarks on Iraq Ahead of Debate  President George W. Bush has two challenges in tomorrow #39;s debate in St. Louis with Democratic challenger John Kerry: regaining the offensive while keeping his composure in defending the war in Iraq and his economic policies.	0 1
3	Make or break for Bush? Employment numbers look shaky for re <b>...</b>  The Bush campaign is blowing on the dice and praying for good jobs data Friday. Recruitment firm Challenger, Gray  amp; Christmas tracks hiring and layoff announcements around the country.	0
0	Bush calls Philippine leader, affirming ties despite Iraq hostage spat (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush called his Philippines counterpart Gloria Arroyo and said their countries should keep strong ties, a spokesman said after a spat over Arroyo's handling of an Iraq kidnapping.	0
0	Sharon Fires Key Partner, Coalition in Danger   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  sacked his main coalition partner on Wednesday and aides said  he would immediately approach the Labour party to save his  government from collapse and keep a Gaza pullout plan on track.	4
0	Bush, in Canada, Declares He #39;ll  #39;Reach Out #39; to Friends  President Bush said Wednesday that a  quot;new term in office is an important opportunity to reach out to our friends, quot; but he remained uncompromising about 	0
0	Minute-by-minute highlights of the prime minister #39;s latest monthly <b>...</b>  Tony Blair will inevitably face questions about Iraq and the controversial deployment of the Black Watch outside Baghdad at his press conference today.	3
1	Barghouti to Seek Palestinian Presidency  Handcuffed Palestinian uprising leader Marwan Barghouti, seen as a possible successor to Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, flashes the V-sign before hearing the verdict on his trial, in the Tel Aviv District Court, in this Sunday June 6, 2004 file photo.	2
1	Terrorism rules campaign trail   #39;You cannot lead our nation to decisive victory ... if you do not see the true dangers of a post-Sept. 11 world. #39;. WATERLOO, Iowa - For all his tough talk, President Bush 	0
1	Soul food on eBay  THE appearance of the so-called Virgin Mary cheese sandwich on auction site eBay has created a wave of spoofs. They included a pork chop said to resemble Israeli leader Ariel Sharon, a falafel in the image of Yasser Arafat and a George W. Bush tortilla.	0 2 4
0	McCain: Kerry's Criticism of Bush Unfair (AP)  AP - John McCain tried Saturday to play peacemaker again, saying John Kerry was "unfair" in criticizing the Republican ticket as unfit to lead the nation.	1
0	Cheney to Lash Into Kerry in N.Y. Speech  NEW YORK - Vice President Dick Cheney on Wednesday was stepping up to denounce Democrat John Kerry's "confusion of conviction" after President Bush formally won the Republican nomination for a second term in a carefully choreographed GOP convention roll call.    Tuesday night, before a roaring audience of delegates, Bush was lauded by his wife, Laura, and California Gov...	0 1
1	Wife of US vice-presidential candidate has hard time telling kids <b>...</b>  THE day after her husband, vice-presidential candidate John Edwards, and Mr John Kerry conceded defeat in the US presidential election, she revealed she had breast cancer.	1
1	Most College Students Favor Kerry -Harvard Poll  The majority of US college students favor Democratic challenger John Kerry over President Bush, according to a Harvard University poll released on Thursday that sees a dramatic rise in campus voter turnout.	0 1
3	Family's TV Clout in Bush's Corner  Sinclair Broadcasting's decision to order its 62 stations to carry a movie attacking Kerry's Vietnam record is drawing political fire -- not least from the Democratic National Committee, which plans to file a federal complaint accusing the company of election-law violations. <FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"  color="#666666"><B>-The Washington Post</B></FONT>	1
1	Voters favor Kerry #39;s plan to reduce prescription drug costs  More New Mexican voters believe US Sen. John Kerry will do a better job lowering the costs of prescriptions drugs, according to a recent statewide poll.	1
1	Ohio Poll Has Bush, Kerry Virtually Tied  The final Ohio Poll for Tuesday #39;s election finds President George W. Bush and Senator John Kerry in a statistical dead heat for Ohios 20 electoral votes.	0 1
1	Likud MKs decide to boycott no-confidence votes, defer referendum <b>...</b>  Facing withering criticism from Jewish settlers, and from his within his own Likud party, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Monday nothing would 	4
1	Bush seeks Kerry #39;s jugular in exchange over bin Laden  The way the Bush campaign handled the Osama bin Laden videotape late last week was a textbook example of how President Bush #39;s message machine 	0 1
2	Cabrera on the Sox' short list?  The day after Orlando Cabrera beat his world champion teammates to meeting President Bush, Cabrera's agent said the Red Sox had yet to express any interest in re-signing the shortstop.	0
0	Bush Pledges 'Nothing Will Hold Us Back'  NEW YORK - President Bush picked apart John Kerry's record on the Iraq war and tax cuts Thursday night and summoned the nation toward victory over terrorism and economic security at home. "Nothing will hold us back," he said in a Republican National Convention acceptance speech that launched his fall re-election campaign...	0 1
0	Israel's Labour to Join Sharon Coalition-Israeli Media   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's opposition Labour party has  clinched a deal with Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's Likud party  to join his coalition, a move that could push forward his Gaza  pullout plan, Israeli media reported on Friday.	4
0	UK to Send Troops Into US-Controlled Area of Iraq (Update4)  UK Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s government, risking criticism from lawmakers in the ruling Labour Party, said it will redeploy 850 troops now in southern Iraq to a region controlled by US forces.	3
2	A return to power for Clinton in Washington  His November in the nation #39;s capital was almost as inconspicuous as John Kerry #39;s. Clinton Portis, Joe Gibbs #39; prized offseason acquisition - he got five years and  $28 million 	1
1	Arafat not brain dead: Spokeswoman  Yasser Arafat is in a coma but is not brain dead, his spokeswoman said today, acknowledging the ailing Palestinian leader was between life and death.	2
0	Citing Higher Costs, U.S. Plans Record Rise in Medicare Premium  The announcement of the record increase came a day after President Bush heralded his efforts to help the elderly with medical expenses.	0
1	Key holdout lends support to 9/11 bill  Legislation that would put the nation #39;s intelligence agencies under a single director #39;s control appeared headed for passage this week, after President George W. Bush won crucial 	0
1	PA: Arafat Does Not Have Cancer  (IsraelNN.com) PA sources this morning are releasing statements denying reports that Yasser Arafat has cancer. According to MK (Taal) Dr.	2
0	US panel faults outreach to Muslims   WASHINGTON -- US efforts to win over the world's Muslims via news broadcasts, cultural exchanges, and other initiatives to explain American policies to skeptical audiences abroad are uncoordinated and underfunded, and risk sending contradictory messages about US intentions, according to a report by a bipartisan review panel appointed by President Bush.	0
1	Yasser Arafat, dead at 75.  HIS MISSION in life was embodied in a slogan: Death to Israel. Now death has claimed Yasser Arafat, president of the Palestinian National Authority, founder of the Palestinian Liberation Organization, Nobel 	2
1	Polls Differ on Who Leads US Presidential Race  New public opinion polls are painting a contradictory picture of the US presidential race, even as Democrat John Kerry tries to sharpen his policy differences with President Bush.	0 1
0	Thousands Protest Gaza Evacuation Plan  JERUSALEM - Tens of thousands of Jewish settlers and their backers demonstrated in Jerusalem on Sunday against Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's plan to evacuate all settlements from Gaza and four West Bank enclaves in a rally held against a backdrop of assassination threats and warnings of civil war.    The withdrawal plan has upset the Israeli political scene since it was announced last year, turning Sharon's backers into opponents and detractors into supporters...	4
0	Bush Stands His Ground, Sets Himself Apart  President Bush #39;s speech before the UN General Assembly on Tuesday was the verbal equivalent of a  quot;greatest hits quot; album, repackaging and summarizing the key foreign 	0
0	Missing explosives leave Bush red-faced  Washington - In a massive pre-election embarrassment for the Bush administration, 380 tons of lethal explosives - which could be used to trigger nuclear weapons - have vanished from a military facility in Iraq which was supposed to have been guarded by 	0
0	Blair undecided on Iraq troop movement  British Prime Minister Tony Blair says his Government has made no decision on whether to send 650 troops in Iraq to relieve US forces in potentially more dangerous parts of the country.	3
1	Goss Sworn In as New CIA Director  President Bush has observed the swearing in of Porter Goss as the new head of the Central Intelligence Agency. In a White House ceremony Friday, the former CIA officer took over leadership of the intelligence 	0
1	Bush to Name Kerik US Homeland Security Chief, Officials Say  President George W. Bush picked former New York City Police Commissioner Bernard Kerik to be US Homeland Security Secretary, according to administration officials.	0
0	Hamas leader makes rare appearance  Israel #39;s most wanted man, Khaled Meshaal, leader of the Islamic militant movement Hamas, made a rare public appearance at Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s funeral Friday alongside US and other Western officials.	2
0	Editorial : Arafat and Palestine  PALESTINIAN leader Yasser Arafat exited the world stage the same way he entered it more than three decades ago: as a deeply divisive symbol of the Palestinian cause.	2
0	Dignitaries Expected at Arafat's Funeral (AP)  AP - The following dignitaries are expected at Yasser Arafat's funeral in Cairo on Friday, according to Palestinian planners and other officials.	2
1	Live From Miami, a Style Showdown  The match-up between George W. Bush and John Kerry on Thursday will likely be decided by how they project themselves through gestures, postures, syntax and tone of voice.	0 1
0	McCain, Giuliani to Hail Bush on Security (AP)  AP - Sen. John McCain and former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani, two of the Republican Party's most popular politicians, open President Bush's nominating convention by calling him a leader unafraid of making unpopular choices to protect a nation scarred by the Sept. 11 attacks.	0
1	The Sentinel  As more evidence pours in that the Swift boats attack ad is a hoax, the damage has yet to be determined. Now that Kerry #39;s fighting back, the stunt could blow up in the Republicans #39; faces.	1
0	U.S.: Hostage Tried to Escape Execution  BAGHDAD, Iraq - Kidnappers beheaded British hostage Kenneth Bigley after twice releasing videos in which he wept and pleaded with Prime Minister Tony Blair for his life. A U.S...	3
0	Election chaos? (U.S. News   World Report)  U.S. News   World Report - Michael Cadigan's day job is practicing commercial law in Albuquerque. But over eggs at the trendy Gold Street Caffe in the heart of downtown, he and a dozen other lawyers are immersing themselves in the intricacies of election law. On Election Day, they plan to be out in force for Democrat John Kerry at polling places across New Mexico, where Al Gore won in 2000 by just 366 votes.  quot;We know there was a lot of monkey business with counting ballots before, quot; says Cadigan.  quot;We want to make sure that doesn't happen again. ...	1
1	A Gguide To The Upcoming Presidential Debate  With the presidential race tightening the debate this Thursday night looms as the most important event of the campaign. The first of three high stakes debates between John Kerry and George Bush will focus on foreign policy, President Bushs strong suit.	1
1	Bush Shrugs Off Bad Polls on Iraq Outlook  WASHINGTON Sept. 23, 2004 - President Bush on Thursday shrugged off polls that suggest most Iraqis see Americans as occupiers not liberators.	0
0	Missteps Cited in Kerik Vetting by White House  President Bush's enthusiasm for Bernard B. Kerik, and a lack of candor from Mr. Kerik himself, were among the factors that led to the collapse of the Kerik nomination.	0
0	Sharon to Keep Israeli Troops in Gaza Until Attacks Stop  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said today that Israel was strengthening its military presence in the northern Gaza Strip.	4
0	At Guard Convention, Bush Says He Is Proud of His Service  President Bush told a conference of the National Guard Association today that he was "proud to be one of them."	0
0	Clinton rises from the sick bay to anoint Kerry (AFP)  AFP - Former President Bill Clinton bounced back from open heart surgery to anoint John Kerry as his successor as Democratic Party champion, eight days before the US election.	1
0	Arafat condemns Tel Aviv attack  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, hospitalized in Paris, condemned Monday a suicide bombing which killed three civilians and the bomber in Tel Aviv, his senior advisor Nabil Abu Rudeina said.	2
0	Colombia: Rebels Sought Bush Assassination  Colombia's main rebel group asked followers to mount an assassination attempt against President Bush during his visit to Colombia last week, Defense Minister Jorge Uribe said. There was no evidence Saturday that rebels even tried to organize such an attack.	0
0	Upper Midwest Crucial to Kerry's Hopes  LA CROSSE, Wis. - In 2000, political pundits summed up the race in three words: Florida, Florida, Florida...	1
0	Bush Ties Attack in Saudi Arabia to Iraqi Elections  President Bush tied Monday's deadly assault on a U.S. consulate in Saudi Arabia to the upcoming elections in neighboring Iraq, depicting it as part of a broader campaign by Islamic extremists to drive Americans out of the Middle East.	0
0	Hundreds Held in New York Anti-Bush Bike Protest (Reuters)  Reuters - Thousands of cyclists snarled traffic in New York on Friday night and police said they arrested more than 250 people and confiscated their bicycles in the first significant protest against President Bush before the Republican convention.	0
0	World: Mixed Reviews For Bush  European leaders urged President Bush to work closely with America #39;s allies on issues like terrorism and the environment in his second term, while critics of the president worried re-election would embolden him to pursue conservative policies 	0
0	Bush warns Iran and North Korea  US President George W Bush is stepping up pressure on North Korea and Iran to abandon their nuclear weapons programmes. At the Apec summit of Pacific-rim countries in Chilean capital Santiago Mr Bush has been 	0
1	Cabinet changes likely in Bush #39;s 2nd term  President Bush calls it a  quot;great Washington sport, quot; the speculation about who will be in his second-term Cabinet, but even he says there will be new faces sitting around the polished mahogany table in the West Wing.	0
0	Canadians, particularly Quebecers, preferred Kerry to Bush in recent poll (Canadian Press)  Canadian Press - MONTREAL (CP) - The results are enough to make John Kerry wish Canadians could vote in the U.S. presidential election.	1
1	UN Ambassador John Danforth resigns  John Danforth, the US ambassador to the United Nations, will leave his post in January after less than seven months on the job. In a letter of resignation sent to President Bush on November 	0
1	Florida families get down to serious cleanup; Bush views hurricane <b>...</b>  In storm-battered Florida, Rev. Russell Levenson of Christ Episcopal Church gave his congregation  quot;permission slips quot; Sunday to grieve for their lost possessions.	0
0	Israel #39;s Sharon Says Could Coordinate Gaza Pullout  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said on Tuesday that he would consider coordinating a pullout from the Gaza Strip with a new Palestinian leadership if it curbed attacks on Israelis.	4
1	Unwelcome news out of Iraq for Bush campaign  President Bush sought to enter the campaign #39;s final week with voter attention focused on the war on terrorism - but the news out of Iraq in recent days was not what he had in mind.	0
1	Chirac and Blair agree to differ  Tony Blair and Jacques Chirac have agreed to differ over the Iraq war in an attempt to prevent their dispute overshadowing the French president #39;s visit to Britain to celebrate the centenary of the entente cordiale.	3
0	Arafat #39;s nephew pins blame on Israel  Yasser Arafat #39;s weighty medical dossier is inconclusive on the cause of the Palestinian leader #39;s death but the blame still lies with Israel, his nephew said.	2
1	Bush, Kerry Have Dueling Campaign Stops  DES MOINES, Iowa -- With less than two weeks until Election Day, the candidates continue to stream into Iowa to fight for its seven electoral votes.	1
0	Catholics Resist Wooing by Kerry and Bush (AP)  AP - Sen. John Kerry is having trouble wooing fellow Roman Catholics in Iowa and Wisconsin. President Bush is short of his expected Catholic count in Michigan and Minnesota. Once reliably Democratic, Catholics have become one of the most complicated and coveted swing voting blocs.	0 1
0	Report:  #39;Arafat Opened His Eyes #39;  Doctors at a French military hospital near Paris say Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat remains in a coma, in critical but stable condition.	2
0	Cooling Blair #39;s Climate Crusade  Tony Blair is, in a way, as polarizing a figure in the United Kingdom as President George W. Bush is in the United States -- with one crucial difference.	0
0	Iraq summit with Bush a win for Blair  BRITISH Prime Minister Tony Blair will pull off a major diplomatic coup this week by flying to Washington for an Iraq war summit with US President George W. Bush.	0 3
1	For Kerry, Thinking Globally Began at a Young Age  From the beginning, John F. Kerry has formed his presidential campaign around his service in the Vietnam War. But it is another war, World War II, that shaped his belief 	1
1	Bush Surveys Hurricane Damage in Florida  PENSACOLA, Fla. Sept. 19, 2004 - President Bush on Sunday got a firsthand look at Hurricane Ivan #39;s devastation during his third trip to Florida to assess the damage from this summer #39;s fierce storms in the South.	0
0	Arafat #39;s Nephew To Receive Health File  Yasser Arafat #39;s nephew and the PA envoy to the United Nations, Nasser al-Kidwa, headed to Paris on Friday to obtain the medical file detailing the causes of Yasser Arafat #39;s death.	2
0	Bush Honors Olympic, Paralympic Athletes (AP)  AP - President Bush honored Olympic and Paralympic athletes Monday for bringing home nearly 200 medals, telling the athletes they had served as exemplary ambassadors of the United States.	0
1	Kerik takes blame for problems leading to nomination withdrawal  US President George W. Bush (L) with Former New York police chief Bernard Kerik (R). (Photo: Yahoo/AFP). NEW YORK, Dec. 11 (Xinhuanet) -- Former New York police chief Bernard Kerik on Saturday took responsibility 	0
0	Some Voters Grow Skeptical of Iraq War (AP)  AP - Public opinion favored President Bush's decision to go to war in Iraq about 2-to-1 soon after Saddam Hussein's capture, but months of chaos and casualties have taken a heavy toll on public support for the war. Now the public is evenly divided on whether the war was the right thing to do or whether it was a mistake.	0
1	Ex-Guardsman: Probe Gaps in Bush Service  AUSTIN, Texas Sept. 16, 2004 - A former Texas Air National Guard official who served at the same time as President Bush says he believes the bigger story about gaps in Bush #39;s service is being overlooked 	0
1	Kerry and Clinton Pitch Domestic Policy  Description: Democratic challenger John Kerry campaigns alongside former President Clinton in Philadelphia, where domestic issues were at the heart of his message.	1
1	A Worried Bush Revisits Florida  President Bush accused Sen. John F. Kerry in South Florida on Friday of abetting Fidel Castro #39;s repression of Cuban dissidents, an incendiary charge in a state where White House 	0
1	Bush visits Hershey, rips Kerry on health  HERSHEY  Democrat John Kerry #39;s health care proposals would result in a massive new government program that would strip doctors and patients of their ability to make their own decisions and 	0 1
0	France says no sign Arafat poisoned  French Health Minister Philippe Douste-Blazy says there is no indication Yasser Arafat was poisoned, although he has not had access to medical files on the death of the Palestinian leader.	2
1	Prez adds First Pup  WASHINGTON - President Bush marked Laura Bush #39;s 58th birthday yesterday by announcing he would give her a Scottish terrier puppy - a relative of the current First Dog, Barney.	0
0	Bush warns Iran, Syria not to meddle in Iraq #39;s affairs  US President George W. Bush on Wednesday urged Iran and Syria not to meddle in internal affairs of Iraq.  quot;We will continue to make it clear, to both Syria and Iran that... meddling in the internal affairs 	0
0	Fuzzy outlook, deficits could trip Bush economic plans: analysts (AFP)  AFP - With the outlook fuzzy and the US economy saddled by big deficits, President George W. Bush will face a tough road implementing his ambitious economic agenda in a second term, analysts say.	0
0	Visit to Washington blunts Kerry tactic (USATODAY.com)  USATODAY.com - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry said Thursday that Iraq's Ayad Allawi was sent before Congress to put the "best face" on a Bush administration policy that has gone wrong.	1
0	Sharon Coalition On Thin Ice After Knesset Setbacks  After a series of political defeats in the Knesset Monday, including the passage of two no-confidence motions, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said that early elections were 	4
1	Sharon Begins Courting Opposition Parties  A top Palestinian security leader who is a related to Yasser Arafat escaped unharmed on Tuesday when a booby-trapped car exploded near his convoy in Gaza City.	2
0	Leak reveals Blair was warned of chaos  London, Sept. 18: Tony Blair was warned a year before invading Iraq that a stable post-war government would be impossible without keeping large numbers of troops there for many years, secret government papers reveal.	3
1	Palestinian Leaders Go to France To Get Answers on Arafat  The Palestinian Authority is sending a delegation to France to get more information about the cause of former PA President Yasser Arafat #39;s death.	2
1	Bush pushes bill on intelligence  President Bush yesterday urged Congress to pass legislation overhauling the nation #39;s intelligence operations, saying the reform bill is necessary to  quot;strengthen the safety of our citizens and defend our nation from harm.	0
3	Gutierrez brought new flavor to cereal company  Carlos Gutierrez #39;s life story is the kind that President Bush admires: The son of a Cuban political refugee, he worked his way from delivering Frosted Flakes in the toughest 	0
0	Blair readies crucial party speech under Iraq cloud  Britain #39;s Tony Blair faces one of the trickiest speeches of his career today, seeking to win back his Labour party after rifts over Iraq and spell out new policies to set up next year #39;s re-election bid.	3
0	GOP to Bolster Bush Image As Strong Leader  NEW YORK - Republicans marshaled their forces to bolster President Bush's image as a strong leader in treacherous times as they open their national convention in the city that felt the brunt of the worst terrorist attacks in U.S. history...	0
0	Bush Signals No Major Shift In Foreign Policy  Some changes will depend on whether key players in Bush's first-term team are replaced, but the direction would still be set by Bush and Vice President Cheney, a highly influential figure on foreign policy.	0
1	Kerry, Bush spar over missing weapons  UNDATED The presidential candidates continue to spar over the disappearance of hundreds of tons of explosives in Iraq last year. For the third consecutive day, John Kerry is blaming President Bush.	0 1
1	Bush overture meets skepticism  In his acceptance speech on Wednesday, Bush pledged to win the trust of those who supported Kerry for president. At a news conference the next day, he called upon Democrats to help him revamp 	0 1
1	Al-Zawahiri Vows to Keep Fighting US  Top Usama bin Laden lieutenant Ayman Al-Zawahiri vowed in a videotape shown Monday to continue fighting the United States until President Bush changes US policies.	0
1	Arafat arrives in Paris for medical treatment  Arafat bid farewell to his people in Palestine. 75-year-old Palestinian leader Arafat left Amman #39;s military airport aboard a French plane at around 8:00 am (0600 GMT) Friday on his way to Paris for medical treatment.	2
0	Palestinian Leaders Travel to France to Visit Arafat (Update5)  Palestinian Authority Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia and other leaders traveled to France to see Yasser Arafat at a military hospital near Paris in a visit condemned by Arafat #39;s wife, Palestinian officials said.	2
0	OUR VIEW: End of the Arafat era  The wailing that attended Yasser Arafat #39;s burial in the West Bank on Friday was as much for the Palestinians #39; future as the passing of the man.	2
1	Sean Penn slams Bush   'There is a lot more disgruntled people today and we can be grateful to President Bush for that.'	0
0	Bomb Is Defused Near a Villa Where Berlusconi Met With Blair  OME, Aug. 18 - The police defused a bomb early Wednesday morning in Porto Rotondo, Sardinia, the town where hours earlier Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi had entertained the British prime minister, Tony Blair, and his wife, Cherie. 	3
1	Rove speaks out on Bush #39;s win  President Bush  quot;absolutely quot; will use his second term to push for a constitutional amendment banning gay marriage, his top political strategist said Sunday.	0
0	Bush May Mean Near-Term Gain, Later Pain for Blair  British Prime Minister Tony Blair may be relieved at Iraq ally George W. Bush #39;s re-election but analysts and politicians say any near-term gain could soon give way to problems 	0 3
0	CBS Names Panel to Probe Bush Guard Story  NEW YORK - CBS News appointed former U.S. Attorney General Dick Thornburgh and former Associated Press chief executive Louis Boccardi to investigate what went wrong with its story on President Bush's service in the National Guard...	0
0	Blair to Visit Bush in Washington (AP)  AP - President Bush's first postelection meeting with a foreign leader comes this week when British Prime Minister Tony Blair, a staunch ally on Iraq, is due for two days of discussions at the White House, officials said Saturday.	0 3
3	Deficit denial  Last May, this page called on the presidential candidates to engage in a serious debate on the federal budget deficit, now  $415 billion, compared with the  $236 billion surplus when President George W. Bush took office four years ago.	0
1	Arafat allowed to step out for treatment  Palestinian President Yasir Arafat has received Israeli permission to leave his Ram Allah headquarters and receive medical treatment in a hospital in the West Bank city.	2
0	Bush Now Backs Budget Powers in New Spy Post  The president wanted to give a new national intelligence chief "full budgetary authority," a sharp shift from an earlier position.	0
0	Kerry attacks 'Vietnam tactics'  John Kerry accuses George W Bush of using a front group to launch attacks on his Vietnam war record.	1
1	P. Diddy Takes Vote Drive to Swing States (AP)  AP - Hip-hop mogul Sean "P. Diddy" Combs is following the lead of President Bush and Sen. John Kerry by taking his get-out-the-vote campaign to the swing states.	0 1
1	Sharon says will seek coalition with Labour  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon says he will seek a governing coalition with Shimon Peres #39;s Labour Party and pledged to press ahead with a planned Gaza pullout.	4
0	Blair Cuts Short Ethiopia Visit  Prime Minister Tony Blair is on his way back to the UK following a three-day trip to Africa, Downing Street confirmed tonight. Mr Blair has cut short his visit to Ethiopia - he was due to return to the UK tomorrow.	3
1	Powell hails new chance for Mideast peace  US Secretary of State Colin Powell says there is a new opportunity for peace, following Yasser Arafat #39;s death, but says Palestinians and Israelis must follow the  quot;road map.	2
0	At White House, Bush and Blair restart push for Palestinian state  WASHINGTON -- President Bush pledged yesterday to ''do what it takes quot; to help create a democratic Palestinian state living peacefully with Israel and said ''it is possible quot; such a state could come into being before he leaves office in four years.	0
1	Kerry admits  #39;inarticulate moment #39; on Iraq votes  WASHINGTON - On the eve of a foreign policy debate with President Bush, Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry said in an interview that his explanation of why he voted for additional funding for the war in Iraq before voting against it was  quot;one of 	0 1
0	Kerry Accuses Bush of Hiding the Truth About Iraq  Senator Kerry leveled his charges in a speech prepared for delivery later today before the National Guard Association in Las Vegas.	1
0	Katif Coast Leaders Invited to Meet With PM Sharon  (IsraelNN.com) The leaders of the Gush Katif communities have been invited to meet with Prime Minister Ariel Sharon tomorrow. As of now, the Katif leadership is debating whether or not to respond positively 	4
0	Paris set to release Arafat file  France says it is ready to release the medical records of late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat to his nephew. French officials have so far denied the files to Palestinian leaders saying only family are entitled to the see them under French privacy laws.	2
1	Three GOP Senators Urge Refocusing of Iraq Policy  Republican senators lobbed criticisms of President Bush #39;s Iraq war policies during yesterday #39;s news talk shows, arguing that the US military needs more troops on the ground and should move without 	0
1	Jihad Will Boycott Palestinian Election  GAZA CITY, 3 December 2004 - Islamic Jihad said yesterday it would boycott a Jan. 9 Palestinian presidential election for a successor to Yasser Arafat.	2
2	Let the Political Gamesmanship Begin  President Bush has joined the list of those who would bend the Olympics to political ends. You might wonder at the company he keeps, since the list includes Jimmy Carter.	0
1	Lindh seeks sentence reduction  Attorneys for John Walker Lindh, who pleaded guilty in July 2002 to a charge of aiding the Taliban, are asking President Bush to reduce his 20-year prison sentence.	0
0	John Kerry's Staggered Two-Month Ad Plan (AP)  AP - John Kerry's campaign has bought or reserved airtime in 20 states to run ads between now and Nov. 2. His commercials are slated to start in each state and media market on a staggered basis, and in some states they may not run at all.	1
0	Clinton Hails Kerry in Surgery Comeback (AP)  AP - It was vintage Bill Clinton, a lip-biting, thumb-wagging, center-of-attention performance. Seven weeks after quadruple bypass heart surgery, looking pale and unusually thin, the former president came back to give John Kerry a sendoff for the final week of the campaign  #151; promoting his own presidency as well  #151; and bluntly framed the campaign between Kerry and President Bush.	0 1
1	Illinois an afterthought for Bush and Kerry  Illinois is far from being a  quot;battleground quot; state in this heated presidential election. But there are signs, literally, that Illinoisans are dug in for their preferred candidates, Republican 	0
0	Bush, Kerry Set for 'Town Hall' Debate  ST. LOUIS - President Bush and Sen...	0
0	Sharon's party votes to save Gaza pullout   JERUSALEM -- Israel's plan to pull out of Gaza next year passed a crucial test yesterday when Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, his government crippled by opposition to the withdrawal, easily won Likud Party approval to invite the dovish Labor Party into his coalition.	4
1	Bush, Kerry Trade Barbs On Health Care, Gun Ban  MUSKEGON, Mich. -- President George W. Bush on Monday accused rival John Kerry of plotting a federal government takeover of America #39;s health care delivery system.	0 1
1	Arafat in coma, spokeswoman says, denying reports of brain death  Doctors fought to keep Yasser Arafat alive as anxious Palestinian officials looked for ways to prevent unrest if their 75-year-old leader, said to be in a coma Friday, dies.	2
1	Arafat nephew set to pick up medical chart  PARIS - Nasser al-Kidwa, nephew of the deceased Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, arrived in Paris from Cairo Sunday to pick up a copy of Arafat #39;s medical records.	2
0	Bush Spending Spree Continues, More Cash to Burn (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush's campaign spent  #36;45.8 million in July, the bulk of it on advertising, but he still had about  #36;32.5 million left to spend before he accepts his party's nomination next month, according to a filing released on Friday.	0
0	Democrat Makes 'Non-Political' Fla. Visit (AP)  AP - Presidential candidate John Kerry may have won a few votes during his tour of neighborhoods devastated by Hurricane Charley, but he said  #151; as any politician must  #151; that strengthening support in a battleground state was not the reason for his visit.	1
0	Milosevic Wants Clinton to Testify by Christmas (Reuters)  Reuters - Slobodan Milosevic called on judges to subpoena former U.S. President Bill Clinton and British Prime Minister Tony Blair on Thursday, saying he would like them to testify at his war crimes trial by Christmas.	3
1	Iron Ring on GOP's Garden Party   NEW YORK (Hollywood Reporter) - Republicans began taking a  bite at the Big Apple on Monday as they launched their  political convention by hyping President Bush's leadership  qualities and approving the party's platform.	0
0	Arafat's Health Worsens as Delegation Arrives  The condition of the Palestinian leader, Yasir Arafat, has worsened overnight, just before a group of Mr. Arafat's likely political heirs arrived today.	2
0	Moderate PLO chief Abbas emerges as probable Arafat successor  RAMALLAH, West Bank (AFP) -- PLO chief Mahmud Abbas, who has emerged as the most likely winner of January #39;s Palestinian election to succeed Yasser Arafat, is a polished and moderate politician more admired abroad than at home.	2
1	Bush Taps EPA Chief As Health Secretary  Michael Leavitt, President Bush #39;s choice to be secretary of Health and Human Services, may have to cut billions of dollars from the government #39;s mammoth health programs for 	0
0	Bush, Kerry Open Final Debate in Arizona  TEMPE, Ariz. - President Bush and challenger John Kerry opened their third and final debate on Wednesday as each candidate hoped to stamp a last favorable impression on millions of voters before Elecion day...	0 1
1	On Iraq and North Korea, Two Interpretations of Diplomacy and <b>...</b>  Not quite halfway into the debate on Thursday night, answering a question about the lessons of Iraq, President Bush repeated a line he uses so often on the campaign 	0
0	Bush Says 'That Ad' Attacking Kerry Should Stop (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush called on Monday for ads attacking John Kerry's record in Vietnam to be stopped along with others run by independent groups, and said Kerry should be proud of his war service.	0 1
0	Kerry Hits Back at GOP 'Insults'  NEWARK, Ohio - In a scathing attack, Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry accused Republicans of hiding President Bush's "record of failure" behind insults and promised a new direction for the country under a Kerry-Edwards administration.    Kerry, speaking to a midnight rally as Bush closed the GOP convention in New York with his acceptance speech, said the president was "unfit to lead this nation" because of the war in Iraq and his record on jobs, health care and energy prices...	0 1
0	Gaza evacuation set for next year  ISRAEL #39;S evacuation of the Gaza Strip will begin next northern summer and will take about 12 weeks, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said today, reversing an earlier decision to speed up the pullout.	4
0	Kerry Campaign Seeks Equal Time Over Film (AP)  AP - Sen. John Kerry's presidential campaign, contending that Sinclair Broadcast Group wants to help President Bush by airing an anti-Kerry documentary two weeks before the election, asked on Friday that each station carrying the program provide a similar amount of time to Kerry supporters.	0 1
0	Bush, Kerry Tentatively OK Three Debates  NEW YORK - The campaigns of President Bush and Sen. John Kerry tentatively have agreed to a series of three debates that both sides hope will give them momentum in the closing weeks of the presidential election campaign, a person familiar with the debate negotiations said Sunday night...	0 1
0	Tony Blair fails to inspire his men  DEAR readers, Tony Blair #39;s speech at the annual conference of the Labour Party was billed as the most important speech of his political career, considering the grave situation that 	3
0	Edwards Raps Hastert on Terror Comments (AP)  AP - Democratic vice presidential candidate John Edwards on Sunday accused House Speaker Dennis Hastert of stooping "to the politics of fear" when he said al-Qaida terrorists may launch another terrorist attack to swing the Nov. 2 election in Democrat John Kerry's favor.	1
0	Lawyer Advising Vets Quits Bush Campaign  WASHINGTON - One of President Bush's top lawyers resigned from his campaign Wednesday, a day after disclosing that he had given legal advice to a veterans group airing TV ads challenging Democrat John Kerry's Vietnam War service. The guidance included checking ad scripts, the group said...	0
1	Arafat heir beats off Fatah  #39;old guard #39;  The man widely expected to succeed Yasser Arafat in next year #39;s Palestinian elections, Mahmoud Abbas, yesterday appeared to win a power struggle in the dominant Fatah movement after a bloody gun battle in Gaza City.	2
1	Rehnquist more likely to leave bench  With President Bush #39;s re-election, US Supreme Court Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist likely will retire soon. Republican gains in the Senate give Bush more flexibility 	0
1	Palestinians consider life after Arafat  A sharp deterioration in Yasser Arafat #39;s health is forcing the Palestinian Authority to do something it has largely avoided: consider life after Arafat.	2
1	Bush says US, partners united on North Korea  Santiago: US President George W. Bush said Saturday after meeting with leaders of China, Japan, South Korea and Russia, that they had a joint message for North Korea:  quot;Get rid of your nuclear weapons programs.	0
0	CIA Nominee Vows to Keep Congress Informed  WASHINGTON - President Bush's nominee to be CIA director, Rep. Porter Goss, told critics who say he's too partisan for the job that he understands the importance of independent, objective intelligence, despite his nearly 16 years as a Republican partisan in Congress...	0
1	Bush Dubs Energy Pick a  #39;Problem Solver #39;  President Bush announces Samuel W. Bodman, right, as his nominee for Secretary of Energy, Friday, Dec. 10, 2004, in the Roosevelt Room of the White House.	0
1	Has time come to bury  #39;old media #39;? Not so fast  Early morning last Sept. 11, a poster on the conservative Free Republic Web site exulted,  quot;(A)ll of us can say we were there when a few people from Free Republic kicked CBS and Kerry ass.	1
0	Arafat absence could aid US-Palestinian ties  JERUSALEM: The interim Palestinian leadership, taking advantage of Yasser Arafat #39;s absence, could try to renew ties with the United States in a bid to revive the Middle East peace process, analysts said Sunday.	2
0	Kerry Does 'Top Ten' on Letterman Show  NEW YORK - Democrat John Kerry joked on "The Late Show with David Letterman" about changes under President Bush's tax plan, including that Vice President Dick Cheney can claim the president as a dependent.    Besides reading his "Top 10" list, Kerry also poked fun at the tedious debate negotiations between the rival campaigns that ended in agreement Monday...	0 1
0	Ex-Guardsman: I Contacted Kerry Campaign  AUSTIN, Texas - A retired Texas National Guard official mentioned as a possible source for disputed documents about President Bush's service in the Guard said he passed along information to a former senator working with John Kerry's campaign.    In an Aug...	0 1
0	Palestinian PM Threatens to Step Down (AP)  AP - Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia, complaining about his lack of authority, had an argument with Yasser Arafat and threatened to step down, but stopped short of handing in a letter of resignation, officials said.	2
1	Two Bush cabinet members resign  WHITE HOUSE Two of President Bush #39;s staunchest allies in fighting terror and cutting taxes are stepping down. Attorney General John Ashcroft and Commerce Secretary Don Evans have resigned.	0
1	Palestinians to Elect Arafat Successor on Jan. 9  Palestinians set Jan. 9 as the date for presidential elections to replace Yasser Arafat on Sunday while the United States hinted it may be ready to resume Middle East peacemaking.	2
1	Prospects Dim on Spy Agencies Overhaul Bill  US lawmakers said on Friday it was increasingly unlikely they could deliver a measure to overhaul US spy agencies to President Bush by the Nov. 2 elections, a delay some supporters said could imperil the post Sept.	0
1	Jobs or the war in Iraq?  Pocketbook issues traditionally trump other concerns in national elections. But foreign policy is getting equal time this year. For President Bush, national security is the overriding campaign issue.	0
1	Hopes of Ulster breakthrough stall on IRA weapons decommissioning  Tony Blair and Bertie Ahern, the Irish Prime Minister, are expected to concede in Belfast today that another Northern Ireland peace process initiative has ended in frustrating failure.	3
1	Bush #39;s New Ads Slam Kerry #39;s Iraq Comments  CRAWFORD, Texas Sept. 27, 2004 - President Bush #39;s campaign, setting the stage for this week #39;s opening presidential debate on foreign policy, rolled out a new television ad Monday highlighting Democratic Sen. John Kerry #39;s statements on the Iraq war.	0 1
1	Iraq: More pressure on Blair  London - Three British soldiers killed in a suicide attack in Iraq were named on Friday, as Prime Minister Tony Blair faced mounting criticism for sending them into a dangerous United States-run sector of the country.	3
0	Blair prepares for early election  Prime Minister Tony Blair, betting that successful Iraqi elections in January will boost his popularity, has ordered his closest aides to draw up plans for a snap general election 	3
1	Kerry tries to win back natural allies: Women  WASHINGTON It was no accident that John Kerry appeared on a daytime television interview show and recalled his days as a young prosecutor representing a rape victim.	1
1	Markets welcome Bush victory with a stock rally  Wall Street cheered the incumbents victory with a day of active trading and a rise in the major indexes. The Dow Jones industrial average was up 101.	0
0	Arabs remind Bush of Mideast peace commitment  Arab governments have reminded US President George W. Bush of his commitment to Middle East diplomacy, in the hope a second Bush administration will pay more attention to one of their top priorities.	0
1	 #39;Architect #39; on building Bush victory  WASHINGTON, United States : The man President George W. Bush called the  quot;architect quot; of his re-election, Karl Rove, says for the first time more Republicans voted than did Democrats.	0
0	Timeline of Bush Service in National Guard (AP)  AP - Major events in President Bush's Vietnam-era military service with the Air National Guard:	0
1	Israel Scales Back Gaza Offensive  Israel began scaling back its 17 day offensive in the Gaza Strip today after Prime Minister Ariel Sharon heeded the armys warning that an extended stay is too risky and the US called for a quick withdrawal.	4
0	Key Events in Yasser Arafat's Life (AP)  AP - Key dates in Yasser Arafat's life:	2
0	Sharon Vows to Escalate Gaza Offensive (AP)  AP - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon pledged Sunday to escalate a broad Israeli offensive in northern Gaza, saying troops will remain until Palestinian rocket attacks are halted. Israeli officials said the offensive  #151; in which 58 Palestinians and three Israelis have been killed  #151; will help clear the way for an Israeli withdrawal.	4
1	Israeli Troops Kill 14 Palestinians, Sharon Asks for Gaza Plan <b>...</b>  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has formally asked parliament to approve his Gaza withdrawal plan, saying it will strengthen Israel and will move the Jewish state forward  quot;on the road to peace.	4
0	Arafat May Be Suffering From Leukemia  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat greets wellwishers prior to his departure from the West Bank town of Ramallah in this picture released by the Palestinian Authority Friday Oct. 29, 2004.	2
1	Middle East power struggle  Without Yasser Arafat, the individual who has dominated Palestinian politics for the past 36 years, the Middle East may be entering the political equivalent of the  quot;perfect storm.	2
0	Reuters Poll: Bush Grabs One-Point Lead on Kerry (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush opened a slight one-point lead on Democratic rival John Kerry in a tight race for the White House, according to a Reuters/Zogby poll released on Thursday.	0 1
2	Are steroids as bad as we think they are?  IT MAY NOT HAVE been the most substantive line in President Bush's State of the Union address last January, but it had to be the least controversial.  quot;The use of performance-enhancing drugs like steroids in baseball, football, and other sports is dangerous, quot; he intoned.  quot;And it sends the wrong message -- that there are shortcuts to accomplishment, and that performance ...	0
1	Measuring the debate #39;s real impact  With one debate down and two to go, President Bush and Sen. John Kerry are entering a critical new phase of a race that has been recharged and, in some ways, reframed.	0 1
3	Oil Down  $2, Speculators Bet on Kerry Win  Oil prices fell heavily on Monday, taking US crude below  $50 on speculation that a US election win for Senator John Kerry could ease the geopolitical friction that helped fuel this year #39;s record-breaking rally.	1
0	Bush, Blair relieved by Howard #39;s re-election  US President George W. Bush and British Prime Minister Tony Blair were among the first to make phone calls to congratulate Australian Prime Minister John Howard on his re-election on Saturday.	0 3
1	Bush Selects a New Secretary of Energy  President Bush filled one of the last openings in his second-term cabinet on Friday by naming Samuel W. Bodman, the deputy treasury secretary and a former executive 	0
0	Poll Results Show Race for President Is Again a Dead Heat  The latest New York Times/CBS News Poll, taken after the first debate, shows that John Kerry reassured many Americans of his ability to handle an international crisis.	1
0	Dole Questions Kerry's Vietnam Wounds  CRAWFORD, Texas - Former Republican Sen. Bob Dole suggested Sunday that John Kerry apologize for past testimony before Congress about alleged atrocities during the Vietnam War and joined critics of the Democratic presidential candidate who say he received an early exit from combat for "superficial wounds."   Dole also called on Kerry to release all the records of his service in Vietnam...	1
0	Europe Allies Extend Olive Branch to Bush  PARIS - European allies alienated by President Bush #39;s first four years in power offered Wednesday to let bygones be bygones, saying they want to work with the new administration and seeking, right from Day 1, to get the new White House to listen more to 	0
0	Hotels Court Inaugural Guests With Luxury (AP)  AP - As the capital gears up for President Bush's second inauguration, some of its finest hotels are dreaming up ways to lure big-spending Republican Party loyalists and Bush supporters to their properties.	0
1	Bush, Visiting Canada, Aims to Smooth Ruffled Relations  President Bush on Tuesday thanked Canadians who waved a welcome to him  quot;with all five fingers quot; on his first official visit to their country, but he also appeared defensive 	0
0	Memos: Bush Suspended From Guard Flying  WASHINGTON - Addressing questions that have lingered for years, newly unearthed memos state that George W. Bush failed to meet standards of the Texas Air National Guard during the Vietnam war, that he refused a direct order and that his superiors were in a state of turmoil over how to evaluate his performance after he was suspended from flying...	0
0	Kerry on the offensive over security at home and abroad (AFP)  AFP - US presidential challenger John Kerry went on the warpath seeking to shake perceptions that President George W. Bush can do a better job of keeping Americans safe.	0 1
0	Britain #39;s Blair refuses to apologize for Iraq  British Prime Minister Tony Blair has admitted evidence about Saddam Hussein having weapons of mass destruction was wrong, but insists it was the correct decision to remove Saddam Hussein.	3
1	Le Monde: Arafat Died of Cirrhosis  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat might have reportedly died of cirrhosis, which is caused by liver failure. Popular French newspaper, Le Monde, says that doctors have announced that Arafat died of cirrhosis although he did not drink anything except water.	2
0	Protesters interrupt Blair speech  Tony Blair #39;s keynote speech to the Labour party conference in Brighton was twice interrupted today. The first interruption came from a lone protester against the war in Iraq, while the second was from pro-hunt demonstrators.	3
0	N. Ireland Talks End In Deadlock    LEEDS CASTLE, England, Sept. 18 -- Negotiations among rival Northern Ireland parties ended Saturday with no agreement to revive a Catholic-Protestant administration, but British Prime Minister Tony Blair insisted that a deal might yet be achieved.	3
0	British hostage pleads to Blair to be released  The Arab news network Al-Jazeera on Wednesday broadcast footage of British hostage Kenneth Bigley pleading to British Prime Minister Tony Blair to work for his release.	3
1	Bush Urges Syria, Iran Not to Meddle in Iraq  President Bush urged Syria and Iran not to meddle in Iraqi internal affairs on Wednesday after Iraq #39;s defense minister complained the two were helping the Iraqi insurgency.	0
0	Arafat to Be Flown to Cairo on Friday - Aide   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Dead Palestinian leader  Yasser Arafat's body will be flown to Cairo for a ceremony  Friday and then to the West Bank city of Ramallah for burial  the same day, a former aide said Thursday.	2
1	Poll: Kerry Gains on Bush  Democratic nominee John F. Kerry has gained ground on President Bush since last week #39;s presidential debate and narrowly trails Bush among likely voters in one of the 	0
0	Israel Pushes Gaza Offensive, Faces Vote on Pullout  An explosion killed a Palestinian in Gaza on Sunday, the 11th day of an Israeli offensive against militants Prime Minister Ariel Sharon hopes will defuse internal resistance 	4
0	Israeli cabinet approves part of Gaza plan  A compensation plan for Israeli settlers who will be uprooted from the Gaza Strip was approved Sunday by Israel #39;s cabinet. This hands Prime Minister Ariel Sharon an important political victory before the Knesset votes on the pullout plan on Tuesday.	4
0	Kerry, Bush Escalate Battle Over Vietnam Ads (Reuters)  Reuters - Democrat John Kerry asked the Federal Election Commission on Friday to force Republican critics to withdraw ads challenging his military service and accused the Bush campaign of illegally helping coordinate the attacks as the presidential race took a decidedly bitter turn.	1
0	Arafat in Serious Condition, Foreign Medics Arrive   RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Foreign doctors on Thursday  tended to seriously ill Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, who  for decades has symbolized his people's struggle for statehood.	2
0	Parliament Votes Against Sharon Statement  JERUSALEM - The Israeli parliament gave a symbolic slap to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, voting against a statement defending his Gaza pullout plan, but he survived two no-confidence motions and pledged to bring the withdrawal itself to a vote in two weeks.    The maneuvering came Monday at the opening of the winter session of the Knesset, Israel's parliament, with Sharon heading a government that lost its majority over the Gaza pullout and is vulnerable to being toppled...	4
1	Endorsement: George W. Bush for president  That #39;s the key issue on the minds of Americans planning to vote in the Nov. 2 presidential election. They must decide whether Republican President George W. Bush or Sen. John F. Kerry, a Democrat, can provide 	0
0	White House: Guard Never Disciplined Bush  WASHINGTON - President Bush never was disciplined while serving in the Texas Air National Guard, never failed a physical and never asked his father or family friends for help to get him into the Guard during the Vietnam War, the White House said Wednesday.    Meanwhile, the White House on Wednesday night produced a newly unearthed document on Bush's Guard service, seven months after it said all materials on the subject had been publicly released...	0
1	Reuters Poll: Bush, Kerry in White House Dead Heat  President Bush and Democratic Sen. John Kerry remain tied in the race for the White House two weeks before the Nov. 2 election, according to a Reuters/Zogby poll released on Tuesday.	0 1
3	Canada talks of trade war  OTTAWA (CP) - Just a week before George W. Bush arrives in Ottawa, the federal government is warning of a possible trade war with the United States.	0
1	Year After Baghdad, Bush Visits Troops by Phone  President Bush made Thanksgiving Day calls from his Texas ranch to US troops abroad on Thursday, a year after he made a secret trip to spend the holiday with soldiers in Iraq.	0
1	Asia ; Abu Bakar Bashir blames Howard, Bush  Arriving at court amid shouts of God is great from dozens of supporters, Bashir maintained his innocence and accused President Bush and Australian Prime Minister John Howard of playing a hand in his trial.	0
0	Militant Chief Wounded in Israeli Strike in Gaza (Reuters)  Reuters - A militant leader survived an Israeli missile strike on his car in Gaza on Thursday in Israel's first assassination attempt in the Palestinian territories since Yasser Arafat died in a Paris hospital.	2
0	Bush: Terrorists May Plan More Attacks  WASHINGTON - Denying he has painted too rosy a picture about Iraq, President Bush said Thursday he would consider sending more troops if asked, but Iraq's interim leader firmly said they weren't needed. With violence spreading, Defense Secretary Donald H...	0
0	Kerry to Attack Bush Troop Withdrawal Plan (Reuters)  Reuters - Democrat John Kerry on Wednesday planned to attack President Bush's proposal to withdraw 70,000 American troops from Europe and Asia as a threat to national security that could blunt the war on terror, campaign aides said.	0 1
0	Israeli government deceives world by withdrawal plan  Palestinian senior official has accused Israel of deceiving the whole world by its Gaza withdrawal plan. Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s top aide Nabil Abu Rudeineh told 	2
1	Sharon sets date for Parliament vote on disengagement plan  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon vowed on Monday to put his Gaza withdrawal plan to a parliamentary vote on Oct. 25 but rejected his army #39;s request to scale back its Gaza offensive.	4
0	Kerry's Votes Key to Bush Win, Rove Says (AP)  AP - Reflecting on how he delivered President Bush his second term, White House political adviser Karl Rove admitted Sunday that John Kerry's vote for, then against, funding in Iraq and Afghanistan was the "gift that kept on giving."	0 1
0	Sharon meets settlers  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on Sunday met with the chief opponents of his plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip and rejected calls from the Jewish settlers to hold a national referendum on the proposed pullout, participants in the meeting said.	4
0	Ex-Guardsman: I Contacted Kerry Campaign  AUSTIN, Texas - A retired Texas National Guard official mentioned as a possible source for disputed documents about President Bush's service in the Guard said he passed along information to a former senator working with John Kerry's campaign.    Also, a White House official said Saturday that Bush has reviewed disputed documents that purport to show he refused orders to take a physical examination in 1972 and did not recall having seen them previously...	0 1
0	Bush, Kerry Sharpen Attacks Over Iraq  ALLENTOWN, Pa. - President Bush and Democratic Sen...	0
0	Close links to White House  #39;part of the job #39;: Blair  British Prime Minister Tony Blair shrugged off criticism of his close alliance with US President George W Bush on Thursday ahead of a visit to Washington, calling such links  quot;part of the job quot;.	3
0	Bush accuses Kerry of "amnesia" on Iraq (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush accused Democrat John Kerry of  quot;election amnesia quot; on Iraq as he worked to energize Republican faithful in Florida 10 days before the November 2 election.	0 1
1	Blair Rules Out Iraq Civilian Death Toll Probe  British Prime Minister Tony Blair rejected a call Wednesday for an independent inquiry into the civilian death toll in the US-led war in Iraq.	3
0	Kerry Promises to Refocus U.S. on Terror War  Senator John Kerry escalated his critique of President Bush as commander in chief, saying that the Iraq invasion was a diversion from the battle against Al Qaeda.	0 1
1	Top Islamic cleric rushes to bedside of comatose Arafat in French <b>...</b>  A top Islamic cleric was rushing to Palestinian President Yasser Arafat #39;s hospital bedside Wednesday after his coma deepened and his caretaker government chose a burial site.	2
0	Game Puts Players in Kerry's Swift Boat (AP)  AP - An upcoming video game lets players re-enact the Swift boat mission in Vietnam that won Sen. John Kerry a Silver Star award for battlefield heroism.	1
1	Bush Picks Leavitt as New HHS Chief  WASHINGTON - President Bush on Monday nominated Environmental Protection Agency head Michael Leavitt (search) to be secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services (search).	0
1	Bush Calls for More Iraqi Debt Cuts  US President George W. Bush hailed the Paris Club agreement to write off 80 percent of Iraq #39;s debt and called on other nations to join as well.	0
1	Pentagon releases more of president #39;s service records  After saying for months that all relevant documents about President George W. Bush #39;s service in the Texas Air National Guard had been made public, the Bush administration released what it called newly-found records on Tuesday night showing that Bush flew 	0
0	Arafat #39;s death may tip scales  The death of Yasser Arafat a major figure in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict would open a window for the violence in that region to decrease, a local Middle East expert said.	2
0	Hostage in wire cage renews his plea to Blair  A British hostage in Iraq has again appealed to British Prime Minister Tony Blair to help free him. The videotape aired on Wednesday left his family relieved 	3
0	Bush: No Payroll Tax Hike for Soc. Sec. (AP)  AP - President Bush on Thursday flatly ruled out raising payroll taxes to ensure the solvency of Social Security, as he opened a push for historic changes in the retirement program.	0
1	Blair to stay for third term  DAVID HARDAKER: Britain #39;s Prime Minister Tony Blair has announced he #39;s to be admitted to hospital later today Australian time for a heart procedure.	3
0	Israel promises help for Palestinian vote  Israeli leaders Monday promised US Secretary of State Colin Powell to help the Palestinians elect a president. The elections, in the wake of Palestinian president Yasser Arafat #39;s death, are scheduled for Jan. 9.	2
0	Blair calls for unity to fight terrorism  British Prime Minister Tony Blair said Sunday the international community should join to together to fight terrorism in Iraq.  quot;Now is not the time for the international community 	3
0	Polls show Bush slighly ahead of Kerry (AFP)  AFP - Three US opinion surveys show President George W. Bush pulling slightly ahead of John Kerry, his Democratic contender in the November 2 election, but by a small enough margin that both men are still locked in a statistical dead heat.	0 1
0	Bush's Young Nephew Campaigns in Mexico (AP)  AP - President Bush's young, Hispanic nephew and his bride are on the campaign trail  #151; in Mexico, where they are joining the increasingly vigorous battle for the votes of 1 million U.S. citizens living south of the border.	0
0	Hamas to Boycott Palestinian Elections  A Hamas leader announced Wednesday that the militant group will boycott upcoming Palestinian presidential elections, the first sign of open tensions between the interim Palestinian leadership and the Islamic opposition group since the death of Yasser Arafat.	2
1	Read these lips: Bush gets quite continental (USATODAY.com)  USATODAY.com - Is there too much kissing going on at the White House? President Bush has bussed two women in public in the past two days. First, Condoleezza Rice, whom he kissed on the cheek twice when he nominated her for secretary of State on Tuesday. He went even further with Margaret Spellings, whom he smacked on the lips when he nominated her as secretary of Education on Wednesday.	0
0	UK PM To Undergo Heart Surgery  London, Oct. 1 (NNN): British Prime Minister Tony Blair on Friday will undergo a minor surgery to correct heart palpitations but will be fully functioning and back at work next week, according to officials here.	3
0	PM Martin offers condolences; calls for peace effort after <b>...</b>  (CP) - Prime Minister Paul Martin says Yasser Arafat  quot;personified the Palestinian people #39;s struggle quot; and called on Palestinians and others in the Mideast  quot;to renew their commitment to peace quot; in the wake of the PLO leader #39;s death.	2
0	After Death, Tests for Mideast and World  Yasir Arafat was both the symbol of the Palestinians #39; hope for a viable, independent state and the prime obstacle to its realization.	2
1	Bush more optimistic about Iraq than assessments by intelligence <b>...</b>  While a new intelligence estimate offers a gloomy assessment of Iraq #39;s future, President Bush talks instead about brighter days ahead under 	0
0	Bush, Martin pledge to improve trade relations but no promises on <b>...</b>  OTTAWA (CP) - George W. Bush said he understands Canadian ranchers #39; frustrations but the president suggested the lumbering US bureaucracy has to sign off before the border can re-open to Canadian cattle.	0
0	Cheney Prepares to Address GOP Delegates  NEW YORK - Vice President Dick Cheney was appealing Wednesday for another four years for the Bush administration, saying "we are eager for the work ahead." Meanwhile, protesters staged a three-mile long "unemployment line" to protest the president's economic policies while Democratic rival John Kerry intensified attacks on Bush's foreign policy.    In prepared remarks to the Republican National Convention, Cheney says this year's presidential election comes at one of the nation's "defining moments."  "And on the question of America's role in the world, the differences between Sen...	0 1
0	Democrats Seek Louder Voice From Edwards  At a time when Vice President Dick Cheney has been mocking John Kerry, John Edwards has had a lower profile.	1
0	Pits still ahead for post-Arafat Mideast peace process  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s passing away last week lowered the curtain for his half-century efforts of Palestinian liberation, but the Middle East peace process continued and arrived at a new crossroad.	2
0	Middle-Class Tax Cuts Extension Approved  WASHINGTON - Legislation to extend several popular middle class tax cuts cleared a House-Senate conference and could be on President Bush's desk within days, handing him a major legislative victory in the closing weeks of the presidential campaign.    The  $145.9 billion package marked the fourth significant tax cut package that the president has championed since taking office...	0
0	Sharon to Present Gaza Plan Oct. 25  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, center, President Moshe Katsav, right, and Education Minister Limor Livnat, attend a reception for Israeli athletes from the Athens paralympic games, in Jerusalem Sunday Oct. 10, 2004.	4
0	Kerry Chides Bush on Flu Vaccine Shortage  ELYRIA, Ohio - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry, their animosity stirred by a contentious second debate, lit into each other over Iraq, jobs and debate performance on Saturday in critical battleground states...	0 1
1	Kerry: Allawi Abets Bush in Putting on  #39;Best Face #39;  Democratic White House challenger John Kerry said on Thursday interim Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi had abetted President Bush in putting the  quot;best face quot; on an Iraq policy in disarray.	0 1
0	Summary: Bush Guard Service Still Mystery (AP)  AP - NEWS: The AP's Freedom of Information lawsuits have uncovered new documents regarding President Bush's service in the Air National Guard. Some of the files conflict with some of the harshest attacks against Bush, but many questions remain unanswered.	0
1	Palestinian leaders arrive in Paris to visit Arafat  Four Palestinian top leaders arrived on Monday evening on board a private plane to visit Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, hospitalized in Percy military hospital since Oct. 29.	2
0	Kerry: Pull Troops From Iraq in 4 Years  RACINE, W.Va. - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry, on a Labor Day tour of states where polls show the race against President Bush virtually tied, told voters he would try to pull U.S...	0 1
0	Blast near convoy of Palestinian security chief  Moussa Arafat, cousin of Yasser Arafat and a top Palestinian security chief, has survived an apparent car bomb assassination attempt in Gaza City in an attack that signals deepening internal faction fighting.	2
0	Bush enlists Allawi to boost Iraq message (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush was to welcome Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi to the White House to help spread his election-year message that the war to oust Saddam Hussein was worth it.	0
0	Memorial service for Ken Bigley  Prime Minister Tony Blair has addressed the memorial service at Liverpool's Anglican Cathedral for murdered hostage Ken Bigley.	3
0	Arafat led Palestinians but failed peace quest  The Palestinian president symbolized his people #39;s desire for a homeland, but his corrupt rule and limited vision frustrated their drive for statehood.	2
0	Leaders consider life after Arafat  RAMALLAH, West Bank - Senior Palestinian officials, seeking to fill the void left when Yasser Arafat dies, reached out Saturday to Islamic fundamentalists who remain the wild card in a post-Arafat era.	2
1	Kerry Faults Bush on Costs of Iraq Policy  Description: Democratic presidential nominee Sen. John Kerry sharply critiques President Bush #39;s policy in Iraq, listing costs and priorities that he says are out of touch with the goals of Americans.	0 1
0	Kerry Questions Bush's Judgment on Iraq  NEW YORK - Sen. John Kerry said Monday that mistakes by President Bush in invading Iraq could lead to unending war and that no responsible commander in chief would have begun the war knowing Saddam Hussein didn't possess weapons of mass destruction and wasn't an imminent threat to the United States...	0 1
1	Kerry: Color  #39;em gone  John Kerry ridiculed President Bush #39;s color-coded terror alert system and his wartime leadership yesterday as both candidates abandoned their domestic issue scripts to trade insults on national security.	0 1
0	Israel, Egypt Warm Ties With Prison Swap (AP)  AP - In a series of dramatic steps capped Sunday by a high-profile prisoner swap, Israel and Egypt are moving rapidly to improve relations, seizing the opportunity for a Middle East peace deal presented by Yasser Arafat's death.	2
0	Blair admits British troops may stay in US area for months  Tony Blair admitted yesterday that British troops could be in the American-controlled area of Iraq for months, contradicting assurances from his Defence Secretary that 	3
0	Israel Ends Deadly Gaza Offensive  JEBALIYA REFUGEE CAMP, Gaza Strip - Israel withdrew tanks and ground forces from populated areas in the northern Gaza Strip on Friday, wrapping up its bloodiest offensive in the area in more than four years of fighting.    Prime Minister Ariel Sharon ordered the pullback at the urging of Israeli military commanders, who argued the two-week offensive had played itself out, and after calls from the United States to wrap up the operation...	4
1	Kerry: Bush, Cheney must admit misleading nation  John Kerry seized Tuesday on an admission of US mistakes by the former director of the occupation authority in Iraq, demanding that President Bush and Vice President Dick 	0 1
1	Bush takes Kerry #39;s words, turns them against him in new ad  Announcer:  quot;First, Kerry said defeating terrorism was really more about law enforcement and intelligence than a strong military operation.	0 1
0	Debating the merits of column on Arafat #39;s death  It is easy to agree with Jamie Weinstein that Yasser Arafat had not succeeded and that terrorism needs to end. However, Weinstein missed important points needed for a fair assessment of the situation.	2
1	Bush Gives CIA Director More Power  President Bush signed executive orders and directives yesterday bolstering the authority of the CIA director over the nation #39;s intelligence programs and budgets, signaling a renewed effort by 	0
0	Edwards: Bush Implied Saddam-9/11 Link (AP)  AP - Democratic vice presidential candidate John Edwards on Sunday accused President Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney of misleading Americans by implying a link between deposed Iraqi President Saddam Hussein and the Sept. 11, 2001 terrorist attacks.	0
1	Arafats liver fails  Yasser Arafat lay critically ill with liver failure today and his condition was not improving, a Palestinian official said, as Israel finalised plans to bury the Palestinian president in the Gaza Strip.	2
0	Kerry's Mention of Cheney's Gay Daughter Sparks Sharp Reaction  Republicans raised questions about John Kerry's motives; Democrats countered that the G.O.P. was throwing up a smokescreen.	1
1	President Bush to Visit Storm-Hit States  President George W Bush was today visiting hurricane-stricken Florida and Alabama - the third such visit to Florida -s Hurricane Ivan victims faced another day of digging through debris for their belongings and waiting hours in queues for food and 	0
1	Aid to Palestinians Approved  President Bush approved yesterday  $20 million in direct aid to the Palestinian Authority, as part of a broader White House strategy to pursue peace in the Middle East following Yasser Arafat #39;s death.	0 2
0	Bush senior: US will work with Blair on Mideast  Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s call for a new Mideast peace push  quot;was heard loud and clear in Washington, quot; former US President George HW Bush said in comments broadcast Sunday.	3
0	Republicans to Open Convention with 9/11 Tribute (Reuters)  Reuters - Republicans open their national convention Monday with a tribute to victims of the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks and a salute to President Bush by two of the party's best known moderates, former New York Mayor Rudolph Giuliani and Arizona Sen. John McCain.	0
0	Blair: World Will Keep Pressure on Sudan for Peace   KHARTOUM (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair  warned Sudan on Wednesday the international community would not  rest until violence was ended in Darfur and a comprehensive  peace deal was struck across the whole country.	3
1	Israel approves West Bank burial for Arafat  RAMALLAH - Israel #39;s Cabinet on Wednesday officially approved a West Bank burial for Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, who remains in a deep coma in a French hospital, said Palestinian officials.	2
1	John Kerry attacked for his opposition to the Vietnam war  TONY EASTLEY: In the United States Presidential election campaign, the Democratic challenger, Senator John Kerry #39;s opposition to the Vietnam war in the 1970s is about to be thrust once again into the election spotlight.	1
0	Arafat #39;s death met with mixed reaction  The death of Yasser Arafat brought mixed reactions from Seattle Palestinians last night, with one man comparing it to the loss of a father, and others saying they felt no sadness.	2
1	Bush, Kerry Trade Barbs On Missing Explosives  SIOUX CITY, Iowa -- Sen. John Kerry and President George W. Bush are trading shots Wednesday in regard to missing explosives in Iraq.	0 1
1	British, Irish PMs to unveil proposals for N. Irish peace process  British Prime Minister Tony Blair and his Irish counterpart Bertie Ahern are due to publish their proposals Wednesday to restore the power-sharing government in Northern Ireland 	3
0	Review Finds More Bush Military Records (AP)  AP - Weeks after Texas National Guard officials signed an oath swearing they had turned over all of President Bush's military records, independent examiners found more than two dozen pages of previously unreleased documents about Bush.	0
1	Bush Says Kerry  #39;More Heroic #39; for Going to Vietnam  President Bush on Saturday described John Kerry #39;s tour of duty in Vietnam as more heroic than his own service in the Air National Guard, saying his Democratic rival had been  quot;in harm #39;s way.	0 1
0	Bush lifts economic sanctions on Libya (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush removed most economic sanctions on Libya, clearing the way for huge compensation payments to the families of victims of the 1988 Lockerbie bombing.	0
0	Arafat #39;s No. 2 Is Set to Assume Palestinian Leadership  Mahmoud Abbas wears a business suit, not a military uniform and kaffiyeh. He is a former elementary school teacher - studious, gracious, pragmatic and opposed to terrorism.	2
0	Sharon and Arafat defy supporters   JERUSALEM -- Embattled leaders Ariel Sharon and Yasser Arafat rebuffed demands from their backers yesterday, holding steadfast to positions posing great political risk: Sharon insisted he will press on with efforts to pull out of Gaza despite a stinging rebuke from his party, while Arafat refused to sign reform legislation.	2 4
0	Congress Passes Middle-Class Tax Cuts  WASHINGTON - Congress on Thursday approved a  $145.9 billion package of tax relief to extend three popular middle-class tax cuts, giving President Bush his fourth major tax victory since taking office.    The Senate approved the measure 92-3 Thursday night less than an hour after it cleared the House by a similarly lopsided 339-65...	0
0	Kerry leads Bush -- despite Nader: poll (AFP)  AFP - Democratic challenger John Kerry has pulled ahead of President George W. Bush, even when Ralph Nader and other presidential candidates were accounted for, according to a new poll.	0 1
0	Bush, Kerry Economic Budgets Exceed  #36;1T (AP)  AP - President Bush and Democratic Sen. John Kerry have starkly different economic priorities with a common thread: price tags exceeding  #36;1 trillion that could pump already huge deficits skyward over the next decade.	0 1
0	Palestinian Leader Arafat Dies at 75 (AP)  AP - Yasser Arafat, revered as the champion of Palestinian statehood and reviled as a terrorist, died Thursday at the age of 75, spreading spasms of grief among Palestinians and rekindling calls for new peace talks with Israel.	2
1	Bush Honors  #39;Hidden Heroes #39; in Military  President Bush, center, flanked by Veterans Affairs Secretary Anthony Principi, right, and H. Gene Overstreet, National President of the Non Commissioned Officers Association of the USA (NCOA), stand at attention during a Veterans Day ceremony, Thursday 	0
0	EU finds cosmetic unity over Bush and Iraq  BRUSSELS - European Union leaders achieved a facade of unity for long enough at summit talks last week to claim that Iraq was no longer cause for the unparalleled acrimony of recent times.	0
0	Many Palestinians suspicious that Arafat was poisoned  JERUSALEM -- What -- or who -- killed Yasser Arafat? The rapid decline of the 75-year-old Palestinian leader's health, the refusal of his wife and authorities at the French military hospital where he died last Thursday to release his medical records, and Israel's threat a year ago to ''remove quot; him have spawned a cottage industry of speculation among Palestinians. Unwilling ...	2
0	Blair to Urge End to Trans-Atlantic Rift   LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair will  stress the need for Europe and the United States to put  differences over Iraq behind them and work together to tackle  issues such as Middle East peace in a speech on Monday.	3
0	Arafat in Coma; Conflict Mounts Over Burial  Israeli officials issued blunt warnings that they would not allow the Palestinian leader to be buried in or near the disputed capital of Jerusalem.	2
0	Heinz Kerry Separates Self From Mrs. Bush (AP)  AP - Teresa Heinz Kerry says she doesn't know if first lady Laura Bush has ever had "a real job" and suggests their different experiences help make them different people.	1
0	Two Lions Vying To Prevail  Long locked in struggle, Sharon and Arafat both confront fights for survival that could reshape the Middle East	2
0	Timing of Report Called Inspector's Decision    As the White House's prewar claims about Saddam Hussein's weapons programs became increasingly discredited, the investigation by Charles A. Duelfer and his Iraq Survey Group provided a convenient out for President Bush and his aides.	0
0	Bush: Terrorists May Plan More Attacks  WASHINGTON - Denying he has painted too rosy a picture about Iraq, President Bush said Thursday he would consider sending more troops if asked, but Iraq's interim leader firmly said they weren't needed. With violence spreading, Defense Secretary Donald H...	0
1	Israel allows Arafat to leave compound for medical treatment  Israel decided on Monday to allow Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat to leave his Ramallah compound and receive medical treatment in a hospital in the West Bank city.	2
0	Cheney, Edwards prepare for debate as race tightens (AFP)  AFP - US Vice President Dick Cheney will square off with his Democratic rival John Edwards in a televised debate that suddenly takes on importance for the Republicans after George W. Bush's tepid showing last week.	0
0	Arafat left Middle East peace foundations  A UN Middle East expert Monday asked world leaders to continue Yasser Arafat #39;s efforts to negotiate an end to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.	2
0	White House on Defensive After Bremer Talk  WASHINGTON - The White House staunchly defended its Iraq policy Tuesday as new questions emerged about President Bush's prewar decisions and postwar planning. An impending weapons report undercut the administration's main rationale for the war, and the former head of the American occupation said the United States had too few troops in Iraq after the invasion...	0
1	Aide says Arafat #39;s health improving  Palestinian Authority President Yasser Arafat, hospitalized in France for a blood disorder, has improved enough for doctors to conduct additional tests, his spokeswoman said Tuesday.	2
1	Bush banks on political capital for second term  President George W. Bush said Thursday that he earned  quot;political capital quot; from the 59 million people who voted for him and will use it to advance a broad agenda that includes protecting America and reforming the intelligence community, the tax code and 	0
1	Health care  One of the tallest tales to come out of the campaign of President George W. Bush this election year is that the health-care proposals put forward by Democratic presidential candidate Sen. John Kerry amount to a government takeover of health care.	0 1
0	Two Anti-Kerry Vets Tapped for VA Panel (AP)  AP - Two former Vietnam prisoners of war who appear in ads attacking Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry were appointed by the Bush administration to a panel advising the Department of Veterans Affairs.	1
0	Bush Brothers Love Fest--Is It Fair to Voters? (Reuters)  Reuters - When President Bush campaigns in battleground Florida, it's usually at the side of his brother, popular Gov. Jeb Bush, accused by opponents of putting fraternal devotion ahead of fair elections.	0
1	Faith in Bush Unshaken in Rural Ohio Despite Economy   TIFFIN, Ohio (Reuters) - Squinting from a barber's chair,  Rod Berlekamp explains why President Bush has his vote locked  up for a second straight U.S. presidential election despite job  losses in this rural northwest Ohio town.	0
3	It #39;s still the economy, stupid  According to the polls, the presidential election is now a toss-up. However, there is one historical  quot;iron law quot; that hangs heavy over President George W. Bush #39;s re-election.	0
0	Kerry adviser raps Australian PM over pro-Bush comments  SYDNEY : An adviser to US presidential challenger John Kerry has criticised Australian Prime Minister John Howard over  quot;inappropriate quot; public comments wishing for President George W. Bush to be reelected.	0 1
0	Ominous silence  The attack on Israeli soldiers at the Rafah crossing was termed a  quot;gift to Arafat quot; by a Fatah spokesman. Perhaps, but it is a gift that has landed primarily on the doorstep of Mahmoud Abbas (Abu Mazen), who 	2
1	New Poll Shows Bush With Slight Lead Over Kerry  TALLAHASSEE, Fla. -- A new poll shows President George W. Bush continues to hold aa slight lead over Democratic challenger John Kerry in Florida following the first presidential debate.	0 1
1	Katsav: I Respect Palestinians #39; Sadness  During an appearance on Israeli radio, Israeli President Moshe Katsav expressed his sympathy for the deteriorating health of Yasser Arafat, who is currently in Paris undergoing treatment:  quot;I respect the sadness of the Palestinians.	2
1	Anti-Kerry  #39;Swift Boat #39; Group Vows To Keep Up Ad Campaign  WASHINGTON, Aug 29 (AFP) - The controversial group of veterans, whose television advertisements attacking Democratic White House hopeful John Kerry sparked a national debate, vowed Sunday to keep up their campaign until the November 2 election.	1
0	Egypt to Host Military Funeral for Arafat (Reuters)  Reuters - Egypt, where Yasser Arafat began his political life and where biographers say he was born, will host a military funeral for the Palestinian president on Friday before he is buried in the West Bank, officials said.	2
1	Sinclair under fire for Kerry film  Democratic Senators seek federal probe of plan to air anti-Kerry film 2 weeks before election day. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - At least 18 Democratic senators are seeking a federal probe of Sinclair Broadcast Group #39;s 	1
0	Arafat mourned by some Hoosiers; others see hope  For Mohammed Sayyah, who owns a car body shop on the Northeastside, the death of Yasser Arafat was more than an item in the news. Born to Palestinian parents who fled their home under Israeli 	2
0	Bush Secured Victory in Florida by Veering From Beaten Path  While Democrats placed their emphasis on the state's urban centers, the Republicans racked up votes in suburban and rural areas.	0
1	Economic Summit Takes Up Social Security Reform  Description: Shoring up Social Security for the wave of retiring baby boomers is a top priority at President Bush #39;s economic summit taking place at the White House.	0
1	Kerry, Bush Campaign Now in Final Week  GREEN BAY, WisconsinDemocrat John Kerry appealed to voters to elect a president _ namely, him _ who will trust you with the truth, and quickened the pace of a campaign now in its final week.	1
3	Bush #39;s  #39;strong dollar policy #39; comments fall on deaf ears  President Bush said Wednesday that the White House will shore up the sliding dollar by working to cut record budget and trade deficits and overhaul Social Security.	0
0	Bush Comforts Hurricane Victims in Fla.  STUART, Fla. - President Bush threw his arm around Florida hurricane victims and offered them his sympathy Thursday as he visited a recovery center on the battered Treasure Coast...	0
0	Israeli ministers back compensation plan for Gaza settlers  JERUSALEM : Israeli ministers approved a compensation package for settlers due to be uprooted from their homes as Prime Minister Ariel Sharon rejected calls to submit his Gaza pullout plan to a referendum.	4
0	Arafat #39;s death could end peace process  A confidante of the ailing Palestinian leader has warned Israel that Yasser Arafat #39;s death could bring an end to the peace process.	2
1	Arafat in coma, spokeswoman says, denying reports of brain death  Doctors fought to keep Yasser Arafat alive as anxious Palestinian officials looked for ways to prevent unrest if their 75-year-old leader, said to be in a coma Friday, dies.	2
1	Bush rallies rise to stadium-size  President Bush hopscotched through Florida yesterday in a campaign swing that rallied nearly 100,000 partisans as he accused Sen. John Kerry of  quot;election amnesia quot; regarding the Iraq war.	0 1
1	Despite GOP Gain, Fight Over Judges Remains  When Senator Arlen Specter, Republican of Pennsylvania, faced the toughest primary race of his political career, President Bush went to his rescue, campaigning with Mr.	0
0	UK Can #39;t Hold Terror Suspects Indefinitely  British Prime Minister Tony Blair, left, takes the arm of Home Secretary David Blunkett, with his seeing eye dog, Sadie, in Sheffield, England, in this Thursday, Dec. 9 2004, file photo.	3
1	After Arafat, Division  Assessments of the impact of Yasser Arafat #39;s death are as divided as earlier explanations of the Palestinian leader #39;s motivations, intentions, and actions.	2
0	House Republicans Hitch Star to Bush (AP)  AP - Congressional Republicans hitched their star to President Bush on Monday, using their time at the GOP convention to ask voters to ensure they stay in office to help bring about the president's second-term agenda.	0
1	Israeli cabinet okays Gaza compensation  JERUSALEMEmbattled Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon toppled another hurdle on his long and winding road to withdraw from the occupied Gaza Strip yesterday, winning cabinet approval for a bill to compensate Jewish settlers who leave and punish those 	4
0	Non-humanitarian intervention in Sudan  BLAIR and Bush are currently planning yet another military operation, this time under the guise of a humanitarian intervention in Sudan.	0
0	Sharon urges OK of Gaza pullout  JERUSALEM - Saying Israel faced a  quot;fateful hour, quot; Prime Minister Ariel Sharon urged parliament on Monday to approve his controversial plan to withdraw Jewish settlers from the Gaza Strip and a small portion of the West Bank.	4
0	Palestinian state off the agenda, says senior Sharon aide  Ariel Sharon #39;s closest lieutenant has caused political and diplomatic shockwaves by warning that disengagement from Gaza would  quot;freeze quot; the peace process, and a Palestinian state was no longer on Israel #39;s agenda.	4
0	Only Arafat Family Can Get Medical Dossier -France   PARIS (Reuters) - French Foreign Minister Michel Barnier  said on Tuesday France would release Yasser Arafat's medical  dossier only to his family, despite a request for details by  Palestinian leaders.	2
1	A Tangled Web  My piece on Kerry and the Swift-boat veterans generated some 200 e-mails, a far greater number than from anything else I have ever written.	1
0	Arafat was a man of his people  WASHINGTON -- This is a requiem for Nobel Peace Prize winner Yasser Arafat, the fallen leader of the benighted but unbowed Palestinian people.	2
1	Bush Says Will Use Political Capital from Election  President Bush said on Thursday he earned  quot;political capital quot; from the 59 million people who voted for him and will use it to advance a broad agenda that includes protecting 	0
1	Following tradition, Arafat to be buried quickly  CAIRO, Egypt -- Palestinian officials moved swiftly yesterday to install an interim leadership, convey a sense of calm and make plans to bury their leader, as debate swirled over whether the death of Yasser Arafat would provide an opening for renewed 	2
0	Senate Panel Votes to Derail New OT Rules (AP)  AP - A Senate committee voted Wednesday to scuttle new rules that critics say would deny overtime pay to millions of workers, as Democrats won the latest round in their election-year bout with President Bush over the issue.	0
1	Bush Offers Help On Stalled Power-Sharing In Northern Ireland  President Bush has phoned Northern Ireland #39;s main Protestant leader Ian Paisley, offering to help the province strike a deal to revive power-sharing in the British province.	0
3	Bush Says New Pick for Commerce Post Committed to Free and Fair <b>...</b>  President Bush on Monday named Carlos Gutierrez, CEO of Kellogg, to be his next Commerce secretary, succeeding Bushs friend Don Evans.	0
0	Arafat in coma, spokeswoman says, denying reports of brain death  Doctors fought to keep Yasser Arafat alive as anxious Palestinian officials looked for ways to prevent unrest if their 75-year-old leader, said to be in a coma Friday, dies.	2
1	Focus on Vietnam carries risks, opportunities for Bush and Kerry  It is not surprising that this presidential campaign is consumed by a raging debate over the war. It is stunning that the war in question ended in Vietnam some 30 years ago.	0 1
0	Bush Urges World to Unite With Iraq (AP)  AP - President Bush, defending his decision to invade Iraq, urged a vast assembly of world leaders Tuesday to stand united with the country's struggling government and said the proper response to spreading violence "is not to retreat, it is to prevail."	0
0	Jailed Barghouthi Joins Palestinian Presidential Race (Reuters)  Reuters - Jailed Palestinian leader Marwan Barghouthi joined the race for president to succeed Yasser Arafat on Wednesday, drawing condemnation from his own Fatah movement and threatening to split the group.	2
0	Arafat Aide Claims He Is Not in Coma (AP)  AP - Yasser Arafat was not in a coma but remained in intensive care Saturday after undergoing more medical tests, a senior aide to the ailing Palestinian leader said. Test results were expected within days.	2
0	Putin backs Bush victory  Vladimir Putin waded into the American election campaign in support of George Bush yesterday, declaring that if the president lost, it would lead to the  quot;spread of terrorism quot; around the world.	0
0	Bush Offers Best Wishes for Clinton (AP)  AP - President Bush on Friday offered former President Bill Clinton, who faces heart bypass surgery, "best wishes for a swift and speedy recovery."	0
0	Palestinians to Elect Arafat #39;s Successor on Jan. 9  Palestinians set Jan. 9 as the date for presidential elections to replace Yasser Arafat on Sunday as the United States hinted it may be ready to resume Middle East peacemaking shelved since 2000.	2
0	Ashcroft Quits Top Justice Post; Evans Going, Too  The two were the first departures from the administration as President Bush remakes his cabinet for a second term.	0
0	Bush, McCain Discuss Ads by Outside Groups  LAS CRUCES, N.M. - President Bush wants to work with Republican Sen...	0
0	Hospital Official: Arafat Has Gallstone (AP)  AP - Yasser Arafat has a large gallstone, a Palestinian hospital official said Tuesday, as the weakened Palestinian leader broke his Ramadan fast and underwent more medical tests at the urging of his doctors.	2
0	Candidates Gear Up for Crucial Debates  WASHINGTON - This fall's presidential debates will pit George W. Bush's folksy manner and big-picture brand of policymaking against John Kerry's more cerebral outlook and nuanced world view...	0 1
3	Industry Advocates Play Key Convention Roles  When Juan Jose Perez, an Ohio delegate, formally placed George W. Bush's name in nomination for president Monday, two men stood by to make sure there were no mistakes.	0
0	Poll: Bush Allies Face Doubts on Terrorism  WASHINGTON - President Bush isn't the only world leader facing doubts about his handling of the war on terror. People in Australia, Italy and Britain also harbor reservations about how well their nation's leaders are holding terrorists at bay...	0
1	Kerry says he #39;s  #39;cured #39; after battle with prostate cancer  WASHINGTON Senator John Kerry says his doctors have told him he #39;s cured after a bout with prostate cancer almost two years ago.	1
1	In Address at UN, Bush Defends Decision to Invade Iraq  resident Bush defended his decision to wage war against Iraq, telling the United Nations today that the country will be a beacon of freedom in the Middle East and that liberty-loving nations should not falter in the face of terrorism.	0
1	CBS poll puts Bush ahead by razor edge  A CBS News presidential poll released Tuesday shows US President George Bush leads Democratic nominee John Kerry by just a 48 to 45 percent margin.	0 1
0	Bush Leads ... in Sales of Canned Beans (AP)  AP - Judging by the bean vote, President Bush could be on his way to a second term. A Tennessee company that has been in the chili business for more than 100 years is selling satirically packaged 15-ounce cans of beans for in honor of Republican Bush and Democratic Sen. John Kerry of Massachusetts.	0 1
1	Bush 2nd-Term Agenda Would Add Big Costs  President Bush speaks during a news conference, Thursday, Oct. 4, 2004, in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building in Washington.	0
0	Blair heads to Hungary for summit  Tony Blair is to address leaders at conference of centre-left leaders in Hungarian capital Budapest.	3
0	Sharon initiates coalition talks  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon called opposition Labor party leader Shimon Peres yesterday to start talks on forming a coalition government, a government source said.	4
1	Powell urges Israel to enable Palestinian vote  JERUSALEM: US Secretary of State Colin Powell said he would press both Israeli and Palestinian leaders for steps to enable Palestinians to elect a successor to Yasser Arafat, as he arrived in Israel on Sunday.	2
0	Bush, Kerry hit the campaign trail running after debate (AFP)  AFP - Each claiming victory in their first debate, President George W. Bush and Democratic White House hopeful John Kerry courted voters in key up-for-grabs states 32 days before the election.	0 1
0	Arafat's Wife Attacks His Aides, Setting Off a Public Brawl  An old feud between the wife of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat and his senior advisers erupted into an extraordinary public brawl Monday after  Suha Arafat accused the aides of plotting against  her husband and they accused her of blocking access to the ailing leader and withholding information about his health.	2
1	Palestinians prepare to bury Arafat  Palestinians are preparing to bury leader Yasser Arafat in the spruced up grounds of his battered West Bank headquarters on the soil of his beloved Jerusalem.	2
1	SWIFT Boat Vet Q  amp; A  The battle of claims and counter-claims over Sen. John Kerry #39;s service in Vietnam and his later anti-war activism remains at a brisk boil.	1
0	Kerry, Sharpening Criticism of Bush, Lists Costs of Iraq War  John Kerry said today that because of poor administration planning the war had cost taxpayers  $200 billion.	1
0	Ailing Arafat Faces Days of Medical Tests (Reuters)  Reuters - Yasser Arafat will undergo a battery of medical tests on Saturday as French doctors try to discover whether the ailing Palestinian leader is suffering from leukemia or some other blood disorder.	2
0	Israel's Shas Party to Vote Against Gaza Pullout   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - The spiritual leader of Israel's  influential Shas party ordered its 11 parliamentarians on  Saturday to vote against Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's plan to  withdraw from the Gaza Strip.	4
0	The Swingers (U.S. News   World Report)  U.S. News   World Report - The baseball metaphor seems most apt. George W. Bush and John Kerry are like two weary but evenly matched teams heading into the ninth inning of the World Series with the score all tied up. It all comes down to how these boys of summer measure up in the chill winds of autumn.	0 1
0	Palestinians seek to visit Arafat  Top Palestinians are to meet the French president and government ministers in a bid to see their ailing leader, Yasser Arafat, who is in hospital in Paris.	2
0	Bush Attacks Kerry for 'Dour Pessimism' (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush sought momentum on Saturday from his second debate with Democratic Sen. John Kerry by attacking Kerry for saying he has a consistent position on Iraq and would not raise middle-class taxes.	0 1
1	Bush Says Questions About Guard Memos Used by CBS  #39;Need to Be <b>...</b>  resident Bush said in an interview published yesterday that there were serious questions about the authenticity of documents featured in a CBS News report that he received preferential treatment 	0
3	Congress Rushes to Pass Tax Cut Package  Congress on Thursday rushed to pass a  $145.9 billion package of tax relief that would extend three popular middle class tax cuts and hand President Bush his fourth major tax victory since taking office.	0
3	STORM-BASHED FLORIDIANS COULD BLOW AGAINST BUSH  President Bush may face a political hurricane in November if frustrated Floridians turn disaster into votes, experts say. The Sunshine State will be paying a lot 	0
1	Cheney Unleashes Stinging Attack on Kerry  NEW YORK Sept. 1, 2004 - Vice President Dick Cheney unleashed a stinging attack on Sen. John Kerry Wednesday night, ridiculing him as a politician who has made a career out of changing his mind.	1
0	Arafat #39;s wife sends message to leaders  Paris - Yasser Arafat #39;s wife on Sunday despatched a key Palestinian official to the West Bank with a mysterious message for the leadership concerning the health of her husband and its political consequences.	2
0	From Troops, a Few Votes for a Quick Way Home  U.S. soldiers in Iraq are largely supportive of President Bush, but they also expressed widespread pessimism about the war.	0
0	Records Contradict Kerry Critic's Charges -Report (Reuters)  Reuters - Military records contradict a critic's charge that U.S. Democratic presidential hopeful John Kerry did not come under fire during the battle that resulted in military honors for Kerry, The Washington Post reported on Thursday.	1
1	Domestic issues pack solid punch  Bush and Kerry express different philosophies about health care system and how it can be changed.  President Bush: Wilkes-Barre, Pa.	0 1
1	Israeli parliament backs Gaza pullout plan  Israel #39;s parliament ratified Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Gaza withdrawal plan on Tuesday, a pivotal step toward the first evacuation of settlers from occupied territory Palestinians want for a state.	4
0	Palestinians Temper Anti-Israeli Viewpoint  JERUSALEM - Many Middle East observers believe the word opportunity describes the situation in the region after the death of Yasser Arafat.	2
0	Bush Calls Kerry Chronic Complainer with No Plan (Reuters)  Reuters - President Bush said on Tuesday that Democrat John Kerry has no plan for the United States beyond a "long list of complaints" as he rumbled on a bus tour into two states, Wisconsin and Iowa, that have not voted Republican in 20 years.	0
1	RACE FOR THE PRESIDENCY: Kerry shakes up his staff, challenges <b>...</b>  Seizing on a common campaign sign that features President George W. Bush #39;s middle initial, Sen. John Kerry declared on Monday that  quot;W stands for wrong, quot; shifting his focus 	0 1
0	Bush Attacks Kerry on National Security (AP)  AP - President Bush on Saturday ridiculed what he called the "Kerry doctrine" as a dangerous outsourcing of America's security, seeking to poke a hole in Sen. John Kerry's debate performance with what advisers see as his rival's biggest miscue.	0 1
1	Paul Bremer #39;s criticism of Bush bolsters Kerry  Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry seized yesterday on new criticism of Iraq policy by the former US administrator there, to bolster his case that President Bush has mismanaged the war.	0 1
0	Blair, Chirac seek common ground   LONDON -- Marking the 100th anniversary of the diplomatic agreement that ended centuries of war and conflict between France and Britain, President Jacques Chirac of France yesterday began a two-day visit with Prime Minister Tony Blair by citing the issues that bind the two countries as well as those that divide them.	3
1	Israel opts for low profile in Arafat burial  SuIsrael said it would let the Palestinians bury their leader Yasser Arafat at the Muqata, the cramped bombed building in the West Bank town of Ramallah that has served as his headquarters in recent years.	2
1	Bush: Kerry Truthful On War Record  By Bob Schieffer. By Mark Knoller. By Dotty Lynch. (CBS/AP) President Bush said he did not believe John Kerry was lying about his Vietnam war record but he declined to criticize the Swift Boat group that claims Kerry is lying.	0 1
1	Kerry awaits his destiny  Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry (L) talks with his aides after a rally at the tarmac of Toledo Airport in Ohio, early 02 Nov 2004.	1
0	Sharon #39;s coalition struggles to survive  Ariel Sharon struggled yesterday to shore up support for his crumbling coalition and avoid early general elections that the prime minister warned posed  quot;a great danger quot; for Israel.	4
0	Pentagon Releases More Bush Service Documents (Reuters)  Reuters - The Pentagon on Friday released more records on President Bush's Vietnam-era Air National Guard service but they provided no new substantive information.	0
1	Kerry campaign denies  #39;shake-up #39;  Democratic presidential nominee Sen. John Kerry #39;s campaign spokesmen yesterday denied that there #39;s a  quot;shake-up quot; of the campaign, despite the infusion of new Democratic blood 	1
0	McConnell #39;s Mideast trip at tense time  A day after Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s funeral, Sen. Mitch McConnell of Kentucky arrived in the Middle East amid an atmosphere of anxiety about what will happen next.	2
1	Bush Close to Completing Cabinet With Reappointments (Update4)  President George W. Bush is close to completing his second-term Cabinet, reappointing four secretaries today. The group of 15 department heads will include a record nine new members.	0
1	Kerry on Hunting Photo-Op to Help Image  Clad in camouflage clothing, a 12-gauge double-barreled shotgun under his arm, Senator John Kerry and three fellow hunters emerged from an eastern Ohio cornfield 	1
0	AP: Air Pollution a Top Priority for Bush (AP)  AP - President Bush will make air pollution a top priority in Congress early next year, starting with "an aggressive push" to build support for his pollution-cutting plan, senior administration officials said Saturday.	0
1	Palestinian Leaders to Visit Arafat #39;s Doctors  Yasir Arafat #39;s deputy in the Palestine Liberation Organization, Mahmoud Abbas, and the Palestinian prime minister, Ahmed Qurei, will go to France on Monday to speak to 	2
0	Kerry blasts Iraq invasion as "historic" failure (AFP)  AFP - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry delivered his sharpest attack yet on the Iraq war, accusing President George W. Bush of  quot;colossal failures of judgment quot; that created a  quot;crisis of historic proportions. quot;	0 1
3	Stocks Leap, Dow Up 142 Points at Open  US stocks soared at the open on Wednesday as investors bet that George W. Bush would soon be declared the winner in the tight presidential race despite disputed results in the key state of Ohio.	0
0	Bush Stands by Rejection of Kyoto Treaty (AP)  AP - President Bush is holding fast to his rejection of mandatory curbs on greenhouse gases that are blamed for global warming, despite a fresh report from 300 scientists in the United States and seven other nations that shows Arctic temperatures are rising.	0
0	Israel's Top Court Upholds Dropping of Sharon Case   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's High Court said on Thursday  it was upholding a decision by the country's attorney-general  to drop a bribery case against Prime Minister Ariel Sharon.	4
0	Kerry Pulls Campaign Ads From Four States (AP)  AP - Bowing to political realities, Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry has canceled plans to begin broadcasting television commercials in Arizona, Arkansas, Louisiana and the perennial battleground of Missouri.	1
1	Bush Seeks to Energize Supporters, Appeals to Democrats  President Bush is campaigning almost non-stop in the days leading up to next Tuesday #39;s election, seeking to energize members of his Republican Party while appealing to Democrats who may not 	0
1	Bush to turn up heat on economy  Like a holiday sing-along with familiar tunes and good cheer, President George W. Bush and a workshop of cabinet secretaries, economists and small business leaders Wednesday 	0
1	Bush Couple at the 2004 Kennedy Center Honors  US President George W. Bush (right) and his wife Laura (second from the right) participated and applauded at the 27th 2004 Kennedy Center Honors held at the Kennedy Center, Washington on December 5. Ossie Davis, left of Mrs.	0
0	9/11 Widows Group to Endorse Kerry (AP)  AP - A group of activist Sept. 11 widows said Tuesday they will campaign for Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry, charging the Bush administration stonewalled their efforts to uncover intelligence failures leading up to the attacks and took the nation into a misguided war in Iraq.	1
0	Bush says Blair "understands stakes" in Iraq (AFP)  AFP - US President George W. Bush said he had spoken by telephone with British Prime Minister Tony Blair and that they shared an unyielding approach to extremists in war-torn Iraq.	0 3
0	New Kerry Ad Attacks Cheney, Halliburton  ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry on Friday accused the Bush administration of turning a blind eye to waste and overcharging by Halliburton, the company Vice President Dick Cheney once ran, and proposed reforming the contracting system to ensure fair competition...	1
0	Powell says Bush to continue  quot;aggressive quot; policy  US President George W. Bush would continue his  quot;aggressive quot; foreign policy during his second term, US Secretary of State Colin Powell said in an interview with the British Financial Times newspaper published on Tuesday.	0
0	Sharon survives no-confidence votes  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has narrowly survived three parliamentary no-confidence votes sponsored by left-wing and religious opposition parties over deepening poverty in Israel.	4
1	Ad row rages on  WASHINGTONGeorge W. Bush has called for an end to all third-party campaign ads which have sullied the US presidential race, including two ads attacking John Kerry #39;s war record.	0 1
1	Matter of facts for candidates truths  Tonights debate between President Bush and Sen. John Kerry marks the culmination of months of campaigning, speeches and attack ads, and the clash will likely 	0 1
0	Sharon Says Rejected U.S. Bid for Talks with Syria   JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  poured cold water on Tuesday on recent international efforts to  restart stalled peace talks with Syria, saying there was "no  possibility" of returning to previous discussions.	4
0	Bush Says He's Best Protection From Draft  DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. - President Bush turned the tables Saturday on Sen...	0
0	No negotiation and no retreat, vows Bush  When it came, the statement broadcast by the al-Jazeera Arabic news channel from Qatar was as chilling as it was ghoulish: A second American captive, Jack Hensley, 48, had 	0
0	Bush Asks His Father and Clinton to Raise Funds  President Bush enlisted his two predecessors to lead an effort to raise money from corporations for disaster relief.	0
0	Blair to lead talks on Turkey #39;s EU entry  Tony Blair will have a showpiece start to Britain #39;s presidency of the European Union next year, overseeing the beginning of membership talks with Turkey.	3
1	Presidential debate won by ... Stewart  Who won Thursday #39;s US presidential TV debate? Jon Stewart, host of The Daily Show, of course. Sure, the consensus is John Kerry won, that he was more presidential and less muddled than Dubya -- who stumbled a bit.	1
0	Palestians arrange funeral for Arafat at West Bank HQ  Details of the funeral of Yasser Arafat were being agreed by Palestinian officials yesterday as their leader clung to life in a French military hospital, after Israel gave permission 	2
0	Scant praise for Arafat mea culpa  RAMALLAH, West Bank In a televised speech, Yasser Arafat, the Palestinian president, admitted Wednesday that he and his Palestinian Authority had made serious mistakes, but Palestinian legislators pressing for reform said that his comments were too vague ...	2
0	Dole Questions Kerry's Vietnam Wounds  CRAWFORD, Texas - Former Republican Sen. Bob Dole suggested Sunday that John Kerry apologize for past testimony before Congress about alleged atrocities during the Vietnam War and joined critics of the Democratic presidential candidate who say he received an early exit from combat for "superficial wounds."   Dole also called on Kerry to release all the records of his service in Vietnam...	1
====================
